



job application for research intern (data analyst) at international well building institute























          apply now
        
research intern (data analyst)

        at international well building institute
      
(view all jobs)

        new york, ny
      


the international well building institute (iwbi) is in search of a data analyst with a passion for public health and the built environment to support the standard development team in advancing the well building standard™ (well). well is a performance-based system for measuring, certifying, and monitoring features of buildings that impact the health and wellbeing of the people who live, work, and learn in them.
in this role, you’ll work closely with a diverse team of public health professionals, researchers, and building science professionals to identify health priorities and leading risk factors at a global scale and use data driven processes to identify priority focus areas.
responsibilities

identify and gather publicly available data for leading health outcomes as they relate to the global burden of disease
evaluate the strength of evidence and recommend best metrics to quantify the global burden of disease
identify and gather publicly available data for comfort, satisfaction and productivity and recommend metrics to capture these outcomes
identify and gather publicly available data on risk factors for leading health outcomes and detriments to health and well-being
identify and analyze publicly available data on the effectiveness of built environment interventions that address priority risk factors
merge and clean data as necessary, and perform statistical analysis in order to draw conclusions about outcome, risk factor and intervention data
assist in developing and implementing a research scope of work
summarize research findings into clear and concise project reports

candidate profile & prerequisites

master’s degree or higher in a relevant field (e.g., public health, biostatistics, health policy and management/administration, building sciences and/or design, environmental sciences)
experience extracting, merging, and analyzing public health data in stata, spss, sas, r or similar software and conduct analyses independently
detail-oriented and a strong sense of commitment
desire to work in a dynamic, deadline-driven team environment

compensation: this is a paid internship. hourly rates are competitive and commensurate with prior experience.
applications must include a cover letter for consideration.
applicants are selected based upon their qualifications for this position and without regard to the applicant’s race, color, ethnic or national origin, religion, creed, age, disability, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, pregnancy, marital or partnership status, citizenship or alienage status, veteran status, whether children are, may be or would be residing with a person, or any other characteristic protected by law.    
about the international well building institute™
the international well building institute™ (iwbi) is a public benefit corporation whose mission is to improve human health and wellbeing through the built environment. public benefit corporations like iwbi are an emerging u.s. structure for corporations committed to balancing public benefits with profitability – harnessing the power of private capital for greater good. iwbi administers the well building standard™ (well) – a performance-based system for measuring, certifying, and monitoring features of buildings that impact the health and wellbeing of the people who live, work, and learn in them. iwbi was established by delos in 2013 pursuant to a clinton global initiative commitment to improve the way people live by developing spaces that enhance occupant health and quality of life by sharing the well building standard globally. wellcertified.com
 







apply for this job

* required
        











(optional)

almost there! review your information then click 'submit application' to apply.



first name *



last name *



email *



phone *



resume/cv *


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 














cover letter *


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 

















linkedin profile
    





website
    





how did you hear about this job?
    











 



share this job:    













powered by 

 
      read our privacy policy
















