



job application for data scientist  at makerbot























          apply now
        
data scientist 

        at makerbot
      

        downtown brooklyn
      


as a data scientist, you will work on the richest data sets in the 3d printing industry, work closely with dwh engineer and data-warehousing/big-data infrastructure that is consists of aws redshift, matillion, tableau and aws dynamodb, and the business stakeholders to utilize the data from our platforms to design and build systems to generate insights, automate processes, and allow business units to make data-driven decisions. the data scientist will develop cutting-edge optimization technology/strategies and turn ideas into real products, features and business value on a regular basis. the data scientist will also be heavily involved in business decisions that are driven by the data provided.  the perfect candidate should have a background in mathematical or a related technical field, as well as experience working with large data sets.

duties and responsibilities:

interact with stakeholders to identify critical questions that need to be answered in order for the analytics function to provide effective kpi’s -- actionable insights, rather than just reports
conduct analysis and data modeling to draw insights that drive critical decision making and to uncover subscriber patterns, user consumption, and behavior, from our operational systems as crm/erp/user printer usage and online community.
analyze data to identify outliers, missing, incomplete, and/or invalid data
assist in the development of analytic tools, kpis, dashboards, and systems to help build out the analytics platform
work with data warehousing team to design optimal data architecture for bi tools

education and/or experience

previous experience as a data scientist
ms degree or above with stellar academic background from a top school in statistics, operations research or a related quantitative field
experience of data-processing/ analytics/statistics using python, sql, tableau / google analytics 
demonstrated analytical and quantitative skills
extensive experience working with large data set
ability to communicate effectively both verbally and in writing
inquisitive and proactive with an aptitude for problem-solving
comfort with identifying, defining and solving problems in a constantly changing and challenging start-up environment

about makerbot:

people: we have some some the most talented, diverse, and collaborative teams in the world who love to push the boundaries of innovation.
products: we put 3d printing on the map and gave the first 3d printing keynote address at ces!  we just released a new product on january 4, 2016 - the smart extruder+.  read about it here: http://3dprint.com/113536/makerbot-smart-extruderplus/
office space: from the moment you step onto the 21st floor of our office in downtown brooklyn - the high energy and view of multiple bridges and the statue of liberty - will take your breath away! 
perks: we have great benefits, fun social events, and of course the free snacks and ping-pong tournaments are a must at any cool tech company.


makerbot, a subsidiary of stratasys ltd. (nasdaq: ssys), is leading the next industrial revolution by setting the standards in reliable and affordable desktop 3d printing. founded in 2009, makerbot sells desktop 3d printers to innovative and industry-leading customers worldwide, including engineers, architects, designers, educators and consumers. makerbot has one of the largest installed bases and market shares in the desktop 3d printing industry, with more than 90,000 makerbot replicator 3d printers in the world. the robust makerbot 3d ecosystem makes 3d printing easy and accessible for everyone. to learn more about makerbot, visitmakerbot.com.

makerbot is an equal opportunity employer. we consider all applicants for all positions without regard to race, creed, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, disability, sexual orientation, marital status, status with regard public assistance, veteran status, or membership in any other legally protected class.







apply for this job

* required
        











(optional)

almost there! review your information then click 'submit application' to apply.



first name *



last name *



email *



phone *




              location (city)
            



resume/cv *


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 














cover letter


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 

















linkedin profile *






website
    





how did you hear about this job? *






will you require visa sponsorship (h1b, etc.) *



--
yes
no


why do you want to work at makerbot? *







current salary? *








u.s. equal opportunity employment information (completion is voluntary)


  individuals seeking employment at makerbot are considered without regards
  to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical
  or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation. you are
  being given the opportunity to provide the following information in order to help us
  comply with federal and state equal employment opportunity/affirmative action record
  keeping, reporting, and other legal requirements.


  completion of the form is entirely voluntary. whatever your decision,
  it will not be considered in the hiring process or thereafter. any information that you
  do provide will be recorded and maintained in a confidential file.


gender
please selectmale
female
decline to self identify


are you hispanic/latino?
please selectyes
no
decline to self identify


please identify your race
please selectamerican indian or alaskan native
asian
black or african american
hispanic or latino
white
native hawaiian or other pacific islander
two or more races
decline to self identify


      race & ethnicity definitions


  if you believe you belong to any of the categories of protected veterans listed below,
  please indicate by making the appropriate selection.  as a government contractor
  subject to vietnam era veterans readjustment assistance act (vevraa), we request this
  information in order to measure the effectiveness of the outreach and positive
  recruitment efforts we undertake pursuant to vevraa. classification of protected
  categories is as follows:


  a "disabled veteran" is one of the following: a veteran of the u.s. military, ground,
  naval or air service who is entitled to compensation (or who but for the receipt of
  military retired pay would be entitled to compensation) under laws administered by the
  secretary of veterans affairs; or a person who was discharged or released from active
  duty because of a service-connected disability.


  a "recently separated veteran" means any veteran during the three-year period beginning
  on the date of such veteran's discharge or release from active duty in the u.s.
  military, ground, naval, or air service.


  an "active duty wartime or campaign badge veteran" means a veteran who served on active
  duty in the u.s. military, ground, naval or air service during a war, or in a campaign
  or expedition for which a campaign badge has been authorized under the laws
  administered by the department of defense.


  an "armed forces service medal veteran" means a veteran who, while serving on active
  duty in the u.s. military, ground, naval or air service, participated in a united
  states military operation for which an armed forces service medal was awarded pursuant
  to executive order 12985.


veteran status
please selecti am not a protected veteran
i identify as one or more of the classifications of a protected veteran
i don't wish to answer



form cc-305
omb control number 1250-0005
expires 1/31/2020

voluntary self-identification of disability
why are you being asked to complete this form?

  because we do business with the government, we must reach out to, hire, and provide
  equal opportunity to qualified people with disabilities1.  to help us
  measure how well we are doing, we are asking you to tell us if you have a disability or
  if you ever had a disability.  completing this form is voluntary, but we hope that you
  will choose to fill it out.  if you are applying for a job, any answer you give will be
  kept private and will not be used against you in any way.


  if you already work for us, your answer will not be used against you in any way.
  because a person may become disabled at any time, we are required to ask all of our
  employees to update their information every five years.  you may voluntarily
  self-identify as having a disability on this form without fear of any punishment
  because you did not identify as having a disability earlier.

how do i know if i have a disability?

  you are considered to have a disability if you have a physical or mental impairment or
  medical condition that substantially limits a major life activity, or if you have a
  history or record of such an impairment or medical condition.

disabilities include, but are not limited to:

blindness
deafness
cancer
diabetes
epilepsy
autism
cerebral palsy
hiv/aids
schizophrenia
muscular dystrophy
bipolar disorder
major depression
multiple sclerosis (ms)
missing limbs or partially missing limbs
post-traumatic stress disorder (ptsd)
obsessive compulsive disorder
impairments requiring the use of a wheelchair
intellectual disability (previously called mental retardation)


disability status
please selectyes, i have a disability (or previously had a disability)
no, i don't have a disability
i don't wish to answer

reasonable accommodation notice

  federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified
  individuals with disabilities. please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation
  to apply for a job or to perform your job.  examples of reasonable accommodation
  include making a change to the application process or work procedures, providing
  documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using
  specialized equipment.


1section 503 of the rehabilitation act of 1973, as amended.  for more
  information about this form or the equal employment obligations of federal contractors,
  visit the u.s. department of labor's office of federal contract compliance programs
  (ofccp) website at www.dol.gov/ofccp.


  public burden statement:  according to the paperwork reduction act of 1995 no persons
  are required to respond to a collection of information unless such collection displays
  a valid omb control number. this survey should take about 5 minutes to complete.








 



share this job:    













powered by 

 
      read our privacy policy
















