

job information: software engineer job




















 


















share






												email opening




apply now














title
software engineer 

 
about the organization	
kaufman hall provides management consulting services and enterprise performance management software that help organizations realize sustained success amid changing market conditions. since 1985, we have been a trusted advisor to boards and executive management teams, helping them incorporate proven methods into their strategic planning and financial management processes, and quantify the financial impact of their plans to consistently achieve their goals. 

kaufman hall's axiom software suite provides sophisticated, flexible performance management solutions that empower finance professionals to analyze results, model the future, and optimize organizational decision making. solutions for budgeting and forecasting, strategy management, reporting and analytics, financial close and consolidations, profitability and cost management are delivered on a single integrated software platform	 


category	
software development                                                                                	 


description	
the organization
at kaufman hall, we believe that sustained success is never an accident. it is the result of sound decision making, based on data-driven analysis and disciplined thinking, and guided by the fundamental principles of corporate finance.
 
kaufman hall provides management consulting services and enterprise performance management software that help organizations realize sustained success amid changing market conditions. since 1985, we have been a trusted advisor to boards and executive management teams, helping them incorporate proven methods into their strategic planning and financial management processes and quantify the financial impact of their plans to consistently achieve their goals.
 
our services use a rigorous, disciplined, and structured approach that is based on the principles of corporate finance. the breadth and integration of our advisory services are unparalleled. services encompass strategy; financial and capital planning; debt and derivatives-related financial transactions; capital allocation and decision making; and mergers, partnerships, and joint ventures.
 
kaufman hall's axiom software provides sophisticated, flexible performance management solutions that empower finance professionals to analyze results, model the future, and optimize organizational decision making. solutions for long-range planning, budgeting and forecasting, reporting and analytics, consolidations, capital planning, and profitability and cost management are delivered on a single integrated software platform.
 
the position
if you're looking to make a difference, we're looking for you. launch your career growth by joining a small team of the best and brightest developers, working with great technology. we're making a difference for our customers by offering a product with unparalleled quality and outstanding support, learning the top spot in gartner's overall cpm vendor satisfaction category and a historic customer satisfaction rating of 5 out of 5 in a recent survey by bpm partners, a leading independent authority on business performance management.
 
we have an opportunity for a software engineer to join our team and share in our success. you will have a chance to be a key contributor and learn from other talented engineers as you hone the features of our existing platform and develop innovative new capabilities to add to the mix.
 
 
 
 
primary responsibilities:
·         work with the development team to design, develop and deliver a product that offers unmatched quality and features to our customers.
 
·         collaborate with team members from consulting, support and sales, as well as our customer base, to identify opportunities for improvement and innovation. develop methods and plans to test, maintain and document the software
 
·         maintain up-to-date professional and technical knowledge, demonstrate great flexibility and exhibit excellent interpersonal skills
 
qualifications:
·         5+ years of industry experience.
 
·         work efficiently with a wide variety of computer programming languages, frameworks and applications including c#, wcf, html5, javascript, sql server, and visual studio.
 
·         experience with ms azure infrastructure and development strongly desired.
 
·         proficiency in typescript a plus.
 
·         experience with the management of iis, load balancers, and network infrastructure is a plus.
 
·         must have excellent communication, interpersonal and customer service skills and be self-motivated, able to work independently, as well as part of a team, in a fast-paced environment.
 
 
kaufman, hall, & associates, llc. is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer. all qualified applicants will be considered without regard to age, race, color, religion, sex, national origin, marital status, ancestry, citizenship, veteran status, sexual orientation or preference, or physical or mental disability or other legally protected category.
 

	 


position requirements	
	 


full-time/part-time	
full-time	 


travel requirements	
	 


position	
software engineer	 


division	
kaufman, hall, & associates, llc	 


exempt/non-exempt	
non-exempt	 


location	
portland office	 


eoe statement	
we are an equal employment opportunity employer.  all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by law.	 

            this position is currently accepting applications.  apply now 



















we also recommend


other jobs within same category



software quality assurance analyst in skokie, illinoisposted on: 11/21/2017[apply now]qa manager  in portland, orposted on: 11/20/2017[apply now]



other jobs within 60 miles




qa manager  in portland, orposted on: 11/20/2017[apply now]





















 










 click here for technical assistance.










