



job application for data scientist at meetup























          apply now
        
data scientist

        at meetup
      
(view all jobs)

        new york
      


getting together with real people in real life makes powerful things happen. side hustles become careers, ideas become movements, and chance encounters become lifelong connections. meetup brings people together to create thriving communities. show up. change lives.
data scientists are part of meetup's strategy team and partner with teams throughout the company to identify and execute on the most impactful product and business opportunities. we are passionate about sparking real-life communities that can change lives and change the world, by redefining how all teams at meetup use data. our team is relatively new, so our work runs the gamut of munging data, supporting the development of our data warehouse and pipeline, consulting with client teams, building models and visualizing and presenting results. if you are a data scientist who nerds out on data and wants to drive critical projects with our internal teams and business to deliver data-informed insights that impact how the world uses meetup, we want to hear from you!
your values:

can connect data to business problems and clearly communicate the benefits, risks, and trade-offs
believes that data integrity is paramount and obsesses about figuring things out
is self-motivated, eager to create something new, and always looking to improve upon existing processes, tools and methodologies
loves working with both people and numbers to help teams answer complex questions
is passionate about building community all over the world

role and responsibilities:

collaborate with strategy, product, and data teams to map business needs to existing metrics or possible solutions, and then surface this information in our reporting platform
advise on and promote good experimental design and evaluation, as we quickly iterate on product changes
rapidly prototype and validate new metrics and models to generate new impactful insights about our members so we can better serve them and their communities
craft clear and comprehensible data visualizations that enable teams to easily understand and act upon the output of an analysis
analyze performance bottlenecks and recommend optimizations as we continually improve the performance of our tools

your experience:

3+ years working with data analytics, data warehousing practices, etl pipelines, experimentation, and modeling
proficiency in statistics and experiment design
partnering directly with clients (either internal or external) and leading projects with multiple work streams
meticulous attention to detail and an obsession with 'getting it right'
advanced sql and proficiency with one or more scripting languages: python, scala or r preferred
an optimistic outlook on what is possible to achieve and a passionate drive toward getting to that place
experience with data technologies like hadoop, hive, and spark
bonus points: building and analyzing web and mobile applications, and business intelligence tools

our team is bold, supportive, and passionate about bringing people together in real life to create community for everyone.  we care about moving fast, real-world change and building diverse, dynamic teams. you in?  
please include a cover letter with your application telling us why you are the perfect fit for this role, and meetup in particular!

 







apply for this job

* required
        











(optional)

almost there! review your information then click 'submit application' to apply.



first name *



last name *



email *



phone




              location (city)
            



resume/cv *


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 














cover letter *


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 















+ add another




 if you have a linkedin, github, blog, website or any other online profile you'd like to share, please paste the urls here:
    





tell us what inspired you to apply for a position at meetup. (please be brief. this does not replace a cover letter.)
    






if you've attended a meetup, we'd love to hear about your experience:
    






if you were referred by a meetup employee, please tell us who here:
    





do you now, or will you in the future, require sponsorship to work in the u.s.? *



--
yes
no




u.s. equal opportunity employment information (completion is voluntary)


  individuals seeking employment at meetup are considered without regards
  to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical
  or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation. you are
  being given the opportunity to provide the following information in order to help us
  comply with federal and state equal employment opportunity/affirmative action record
  keeping, reporting, and other legal requirements.


  completion of the form is entirely voluntary. whatever your decision,
  it will not be considered in the hiring process or thereafter. any information that you
  do provide will be recorded and maintained in a confidential file.


gender
please selectmale
female
decline to self identify


are you hispanic/latino?
please selectyes
no
decline to self identify


please identify your race
please selectamerican indian or alaskan native
asian
black or african american
hispanic or latino
white
native hawaiian or other pacific islander
two or more races
decline to self identify


      race & ethnicity definitions


  if you believe you belong to any of the categories of protected veterans listed below,
  please indicate by making the appropriate selection.  as a government contractor
  subject to vietnam era veterans readjustment assistance act (vevraa), we request this
  information in order to measure the effectiveness of the outreach and positive
  recruitment efforts we undertake pursuant to vevraa. classification of protected
  categories is as follows:


  a "disabled veteran" is one of the following: a veteran of the u.s. military, ground,
  naval or air service who is entitled to compensation (or who but for the receipt of
  military retired pay would be entitled to compensation) under laws administered by the
  secretary of veterans affairs; or a person who was discharged or released from active
  duty because of a service-connected disability.


  a "recently separated veteran" means any veteran during the three-year period beginning
  on the date of such veteran's discharge or release from active duty in the u.s.
  military, ground, naval, or air service.


  an "active duty wartime or campaign badge veteran" means a veteran who served on active
  duty in the u.s. military, ground, naval or air service during a war, or in a campaign
  or expedition for which a campaign badge has been authorized under the laws
  administered by the department of defense.


  an "armed forces service medal veteran" means a veteran who, while serving on active
  duty in the u.s. military, ground, naval or air service, participated in a united
  states military operation for which an armed forces service medal was awarded pursuant
  to executive order 12985.


veteran status
please selecti am not a protected veteran
i identify as one or more of the classifications of a protected veteran
i don't wish to answer



form cc-305
omb control number 1250-0005
expires 1/31/2020

voluntary self-identification of disability
why are you being asked to complete this form?

  because we do business with the government, we must reach out to, hire, and provide
  equal opportunity to qualified people with disabilities1.  to help us
  measure how well we are doing, we are asking you to tell us if you have a disability or
  if you ever had a disability.  completing this form is voluntary, but we hope that you
  will choose to fill it out.  if you are applying for a job, any answer you give will be
  kept private and will not be used against you in any way.


  if you already work for us, your answer will not be used against you in any way.
  because a person may become disabled at any time, we are required to ask all of our
  employees to update their information every five years.  you may voluntarily
  self-identify as having a disability on this form without fear of any punishment
  because you did not identify as having a disability earlier.

how do i know if i have a disability?

  you are considered to have a disability if you have a physical or mental impairment or
  medical condition that substantially limits a major life activity, or if you have a
  history or record of such an impairment or medical condition.

disabilities include, but are not limited to:

blindness
deafness
cancer
diabetes
epilepsy
autism
cerebral palsy
hiv/aids
schizophrenia
muscular dystrophy
bipolar disorder
major depression
multiple sclerosis (ms)
missing limbs or partially missing limbs
post-traumatic stress disorder (ptsd)
obsessive compulsive disorder
impairments requiring the use of a wheelchair
intellectual disability (previously called mental retardation)


disability status
please selectyes, i have a disability (or previously had a disability)
no, i don't have a disability
i don't wish to answer

reasonable accommodation notice

  federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified
  individuals with disabilities. please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation
  to apply for a job or to perform your job.  examples of reasonable accommodation
  include making a change to the application process or work procedures, providing
  documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using
  specialized equipment.


1section 503 of the rehabilitation act of 1973, as amended.  for more
  information about this form or the equal employment obligations of federal contractors,
  visit the u.s. department of labor's office of federal contract compliance programs
  (ofccp) website at www.dol.gov/ofccp.


  public burden statement:  according to the paperwork reduction act of 1995 no persons
  are required to respond to a collection of information unless such collection displays
  a valid omb control number. this survey should take about 5 minutes to complete.








 



share this job:    















        school name
      





        degree
      

high school
associate's degree
bachelor's degree
master's degree
master of business administration (m.b.a.)
juris doctor (j.d.)
doctor of medicine (m.d.)
doctor of philosophy (ph.d.)
engineer's degree
other



        discipline
      

accounting
african studies
agriculture
anthropology
applied health services
architecture
art
asian studies
biology
business
business administration
chemistry
classical languages
communications & film
computer science
dentistry
developing nations
discipline unknown
earth sciences
economics
education
electronics
engineering
english studies
environmental studies
european studies
fashion
finance
fine arts
general studies
health services
history
human resources management
humanities
industrial arts & carpentry
information systems
international relations
journalism
languages
latin american studies
law
linguistics
manufacturing & mechanics
mathematics
medicine
middle eastern studies
naval science
north american studies
nuclear technics
operations research & strategy
organizational theory
philosophy
physical education
physical sciences
physics
political science
psychology
public policy
public service
religious studies
russian & soviet studies
scandinavian studies
science
slavic studies
social science
social sciences
sociology
speech
statistics & decision theory
urban studies
veterinary medicine



        start date
      





        end date
      








powered by 

 
      read our privacy policy
















