
data scientist consultant job - techfield - new york, ny | indeed.com






















skip to job description, searchclose










find jobscompany reviewsfind salariesfind resumesemployers / post job







upload your resume


sign in







:







what
where





advanced job search


 

 



 



job title, keywords or company


city, state, or zip












data scientist consultant

techfield
     -
new york, ny


                $80,000 - $100,000 a year



job summarydata science consultant – job descriptionare you looking for an exciting opportunity to work on the cutting-edge of technological innovation? are you inquisitive and excited about venturing into untested waters that will take society into the next era? if you are passionate about using statistics and programming to create new possibilities, a career in the field of data science may be for you.techfield is an it consulting firm based in atlanta, georgia. at techfield we value professionals with advanced degrees in mathematics, physics or engineering, as well as 2-3 years of experience in programming and data analysis. if you have the right education, expertise and skills, we will train you to become a successful professional in the field of data science.our comprehensive consultant training is an 8-week intensive program led by field experienced subject matter experts. training prepares you to be an effective data science consultant. training includes:4-6 hours a day of applied data science classroom trainingassignments to enhance your classroom learningpersonalized coaching from our smesconsultant training seminars focusing on professional and soft skillsfurnished corporate housingtransportation to and from the atlanta headquarterstraining materialsyou will also be coached on how to land consulting projects with our high-profile fortune 500 partners such as:microsoftintelamazonaudibledeltabank of americaunivisonour career advisors will help set up your interviews with these established brands and secure contracts across the united states. we cover travel to and from each client site as well as hotel accommodations for the first 2 weeks of your new project. once a project is completed, our team is already hard at work to secure your next amazing opportunity. many of our consultants make an average of $80k to $100k after their first 2 years with us!we offer 40hrs per week training pay, a competitive compensation package, 401(k), pto, and guaranteed pay increase after your first year. employee benefits include:medical/dental/vision insurancepaid time off401(k)we currently have only 6 slots open for this exciting opportunity to become a data science consultant. contact our technical recruiter to walk you through the 3-step hiring process:initial pre-screen phone call with your recruitertechnical interview with a lead sme that includes live codingconfirmation skype call which ensures overall suitability for the positionrequirements:ms/phd in mathematics, statistics, physics, engineering or any quantitative fieldorbachelor’s degree with at least 2 years’ experience as a data analyst.programming in pythonability to write advanced sql queriesstatistical analysisstrong written and verbal communication skillsbusiness acumen.analytical and problem-solving ability.availability to travel and live in the u.s.nice to have:ability to manipulate data using python.other programming languages such as c++ or javacompany profiletechfield is an it/management firm that specializes in training and consultation. our multiple divisions focus on various technologies as we are focused on meeting our client’s needs in the fast-paced it industry. we strive to remain an industry leader and specialize in producing talented, skilled and experienced consultants.note:  if you are not able to make such a commitment in your career at this time- pass us some awesome referrals as we have a great $500.00 referral program for those who onboard with us.job type: full-timerequired education:bachelor's

22 days ago   -  save job









» apply now

            please review all application instructions before applying to techfield.







 





let employers find youthousands of employers search for candidates on indeedupload your resume










about - help center


©2017 indeed - cookies, privacy and terms



let employers find you  upload your resume











