



job application for data scientist at dataminr






















          apply now
        
data scientist

        at dataminr
      
(view all jobs)

        new york
      


type: full time min. experience: experienced
who we are:
we are dataminr, the leading company that turns social media into real-time, actionable alerts. our ability to find and deliver information faster than any traditional source has completely revolutionized how critical, relevant and actionable information reaches the news, finance, public sector and corporate security industries.
we are one of the most exciting companies to work for and have been referred to as the “super tool of journalists and hedge funds” while also receiving numerous accolades from professionals in both the corporate security area and public sector. we’ve been named to cnbc’s disruptor 50 list in 2014 and 2016, the forbes fintech 50 list in 2016, added to the alwayson global 250 top private companies list and received an invitation to speak at the world economic forum.    
headquartered in new york city and nearing 300 employees, dataminr provides a challenging and dynamic environment where everyone feels that they have the freedom to be innovative, impactful and influential. our culture promotes team interaction, work-life balance and the sharing of information and ideas because it empowers us to do our best work and have fun. if you want to be a part of the most interesting and exciting high-growth tech company in new york, please keep reading!
who you are:
you're a dedicated data scientist who wants nothing more than to help us sort, analyze and deliver relevant information from terabytes of unstructured data in the social media space. you will build machine learning models to transform social media feeds into actionable items. you will also work with engineers, product managers and other teams to solve challenging problems with your data science skills.
desired skills & experience

ph.d. in computer science, math, statistics or machine learning
2+ years of work experience in machine learning and natural language processing required
extensive programming experience in java, scala or python, ability to work on projects with minimal engineering support
experience with spark, hadoop/mapreduce and machine learning frameworks
ability to communicate complex quantitative results in a clear, precise and actionable manner
self-motivation and an ability to handle multiple competing priorities in a fast-paced environment
ability to work both independently and collaboratively within a team

our offering of competitive benefits and perks include:

company paid benefits for employees and their dependents, such as medical, dental, vision, disability and life
flexible spending account to be used for out-of-pocket medical, transit, parking and dependent care expenses
401(k) savings plan
generous leave
daily catered lunch
a kitchen fully stocked with snacks and beverages
discounted gym membership



dataminr is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. individuals seeking employment at dataminr are considered without regards to race, sex, color, creed, religion, national origin, age, disability, genetics, marital status, pregnancy, unemployment status, sexual orientation, citizenship status or veteran status.
#li-id









apply for this job

* required
        







first name *



last name *



email *



phone *




              location (city)
                *




resume/cv *


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 














cover letter


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 















+ add another




linkedin profile *






website
    





how did you hear about this job? *






are you authorized to work in the country of the job to which you are applying? *



--
yes
no


if so, will you now or in the future require immigration sponsorship to work with dataminr, inc? *



--
yes
no


are you or were you ever a u.s. government employee (this includes both military and u.s. government employees and officials)? *



--
yes
no


if the answer to the above question was yes, please list any post-employment restrictions that you may have stemming from your employment with the u.s. government.
    






please provide your home address:
    








u.s. equal opportunity employment information (completion is voluntary)


  individuals seeking employment at dataminr are considered without regards
  to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical
  or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation. you are
  being given the opportunity to provide the following information in order to help us
  comply with federal and state equal employment opportunity/affirmative action record
  keeping, reporting, and other legal requirements.


  completion of the form is entirely voluntary. whatever your decision,
  it will not be considered in the hiring process or thereafter. any information that you
  do provide will be recorded and maintained in a confidential file.


gender
please selectmale
female
decline to self identify


are you hispanic/latino?
please selectyes
no
decline to self identify


please identify your race
please selectamerican indian or alaskan native
asian
black or african american
hispanic or latino
white
native hawaiian or other pacific islander
two or more races
decline to self identify


      race & ethnicity definitions


  if you believe you belong to any of the categories of protected veterans listed below,
  please indicate by making the appropriate selection.  as a government contractor
  subject to vietnam era veterans readjustment assistance act (vevraa), we request this
  information in order to measure the effectiveness of the outreach and positive
  recruitment efforts we undertake pursuant to vevraa. classification of protected
  categories is as follows:


  a "disabled veteran" is one of the following: a veteran of the u.s. military, ground,
  naval or air service who is entitled to compensation (or who but for the receipt of
  military retired pay would be entitled to compensation) under laws administered by the
  secretary of veterans affairs; or a person who was discharged or released from active
  duty because of a service-connected disability.


  a "recently separated veteran" means any veteran during the three-year period beginning
  on the date of such veteran's discharge or release from active duty in the u.s.
  military, ground, naval, or air service.


  an "active duty wartime or campaign badge veteran" means a veteran who served on active
  duty in the u.s. military, ground, naval or air service during a war, or in a campaign
  or expedition for which a campaign badge has been authorized under the laws
  administered by the department of defense.


  an "armed forces service medal veteran" means a veteran who, while serving on active
  duty in the u.s. military, ground, naval or air service, participated in a united
  states military operation for which an armed forces service medal was awarded pursuant
  to executive order 12985.


veteran status
please selecti am not a protected veteran
i identify as one or more of the classifications of a protected veteran
i don't wish to answer



form cc-305
omb control number 1250-0005
expires 1/31/2020

voluntary self-identification of disability
why are you being asked to complete this form?

  because we do business with the government, we must reach out to, hire, and provide
  equal opportunity to qualified people with disabilities1.  to help us
  measure how well we are doing, we are asking you to tell us if you have a disability or
  if you ever had a disability.  completing this form is voluntary, but we hope that you
  will choose to fill it out.  if you are applying for a job, any answer you give will be
  kept private and will not be used against you in any way.


  if you already work for us, your answer will not be used against you in any way.
  because a person may become disabled at any time, we are required to ask all of our
  employees to update their information every five years.  you may voluntarily
  self-identify as having a disability on this form without fear of any punishment
  because you did not identify as having a disability earlier.

how do i know if i have a disability?

  you are considered to have a disability if you have a physical or mental impairment or
  medical condition that substantially limits a major life activity, or if you have a
  history or record of such an impairment or medical condition.

disabilities include, but are not limited to:

blindness
deafness
cancer
diabetes
epilepsy
autism
cerebral palsy
hiv/aids
schizophrenia
muscular dystrophy
bipolar disorder
major depression
multiple sclerosis (ms)
missing limbs or partially missing limbs
post-traumatic stress disorder (ptsd)
obsessive compulsive disorder
impairments requiring the use of a wheelchair
intellectual disability (previously called mental retardation)


disability status
please selectyes, i have a disability (or previously had a disability)
no, i don't have a disability
i don't wish to answer

reasonable accommodation notice

  federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified
  individuals with disabilities. please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation
  to apply for a job or to perform your job.  examples of reasonable accommodation
  include making a change to the application process or work procedures, providing
  documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using
  specialized equipment.


1section 503 of the rehabilitation act of 1973, as amended.  for more
  information about this form or the equal employment obligations of federal contractors,
  visit the u.s. department of labor's office of federal contract compliance programs
  (ofccp) website at www.dol.gov/ofccp.


  public burden statement:  according to the paperwork reduction act of 1995 no persons
  are required to respond to a collection of information unless such collection displays
  a valid omb control number. this survey should take about 5 minutes to complete.








 



share this job:    















        school name
          *






        degree
          *


high school
associate's degree
bachelor's degree
master's degree
master of business administration (m.b.a.)
juris doctor (j.d.)
doctor of medicine (m.d.)
doctor of philosophy (ph.d.)
engineer's degree
other



        discipline
          *


accounting
african studies
agriculture
anthropology
applied health services
architecture
art
asian studies
biology
business
business administration
chemistry
classical languages
communications & film
computer science
dentistry
developing nations
discipline unknown
earth sciences
economics
education
electronics
engineering
english studies
environmental studies
european studies
fashion
finance
fine arts
general studies
health services
history
human resources management
humanities
industrial arts & carpentry
information systems
international relations
journalism
languages
latin american studies
law
linguistics
manufacturing & mechanics
mathematics
medicine
middle eastern studies
naval science
north american studies
nuclear technics
operations research & strategy
organizational theory
philosophy
physical education
physical sciences
physics
political science
psychology
public policy
public service
religious studies
russian & soviet studies
scandinavian studies
science
slavic studies
social science
social sciences
sociology
speech
statistics & decision theory
urban studies
veterinary medicine



        start date
          *






        end date
          *









powered by 

 
      read our privacy policy
















