




thermo fisher scientific - software engineer job in hillsboro, or















































home
discover our stories
career areas


engineering
field service
finance
general management
human resources
operations & supply chain
quality
regulatory
r&d
sales & marketing
software & it
military & veteran
students & new grads


our culture


our mission & values
what we do
our brands
diversity & inclusion
corporate responsibility
awards


employee experience 


5 reasons to work at thermo fisher
benefits
how to apply
virtual lab training


locations 


north america
rochester
sparks
emea
latin america
apac
china
australia / new zealand
southeast asia
india
korea
japan


featured areas 


bioproduction


events



explore



careers at
thermofisher scientific



 what story will you tell?




search jobs




category

category
accounting/auditing
administrative services
bioinformatics
business management
communications
corporate strategy development
customer service
engineering
facilities / real estate
featured
field services
finance / economics
human resources
information technology
internship & apprenticeship
legal & compliance
manufacturing & production
marketing
new grad
operations
procurement / purchasing
product management
project management
quality
regulatory
research & development
sales
scientist
software development
supply chain / distribution





country

select a country





state/region

 select





city

 select




search


or search by keyword





























































































































































































































































































































































































































































careeropportunities
what story will you tell?









careers home > 
job details









    software engineer

  


apply now >>
       



job id : 
58607br


location : 
us - oregon - hillsboro


 : 
job descriptionwhen you’re part of the team at thermo fisher scientific, you’ll do important work, like helping customers in finding cures for cancer, protecting the environment or making sure our food is safe. your work will have real-world impact, and you’ll be supported in achieving your career goals. as the world leader in serving science, we empower our people to advance innovative technologies, develop meaningful solutions, and build rewarding careers. with revenues of $18 billion and the largest investment in r&d in the industry, we give our 55,000 extraordinary minds the resources and opportunities to make significant contributions to the world. we are looking for self-motivated individual with strong software skills to work in a group focused on automation software to control thermo fishers transmission electron microscopes marketed in our semiconductor business. in this position, you will join a team developing the preeminent innovative wafer-to-atomic information workflows, enabling our semiconductor customers to make timely decisions. by accelerating the information age, you will be helping make the world healthier, cleaner and safer.if you are an experienced software developer with a background in developing and delivering great software, excellent communication skills, and you enjoy working with smart people… then read on!this team builds user interfaces, computer vision algorithms, and machine automation routines to simplify operator experience with transmission electron microscopes. data acquired is used for process control and root cause defect analysis in the semiconductor market. if you enjoy development of software to control machines over building a line of business or mobile app, this is an excellent opportunity. responsibilities:perform software design, coding, integration and testing for the development of machine control applications to control transmission electron microscopes in cooperation with the product manager and key technical stakeholders.develop designs based on a full comprehension of the function, purpose and application of the product.package and communicate highly technical concepts to both technical and non-technical audiences.troubleshooting and debugging of software programs in a simulation as well as on the microscope systems available for development.conduct bug fixing on existing issues through software implementation, development of test methodologies and performing unit tests.act as the authoritative owner of multiple functional characteristics and/or modules of the specified software application.mentoring and coaching less experienced software engineers within the team. minimum qualifications:discipline, pride, and professionalism to write clean, unit-testable code.ability to troubleshoot and debug complex software applications.excellent interpersonal communications skills are required due to the high degree of interaction and collaboration across functional groups.willingness to roll up your sleeves and do what's necessary to drive your projects to completion.4+ years of relevant work experience​​typically requires a university degree in computer science, physics, math, or related technical discipline. an advanced degree is preferred.c# experience​eligible for passport and able to travel. preferred qualifications:background in data science, machine learning, and/or artificial intelligence techniques is highly desirable.knowledge of microscopy (optical/florescence, fib, sem, temjava experiencedevelopment experience with highly-integrated, high-performance systems used in semiconductor capital equipment or related industries. at thermo fisher scientific, each one of our 65,000 extraordinary minds has a unique story to tell. join us and contribute to our singular mission—enabling our customers to make the world healthier, cleaner and safer. apply today http://jobs.thermofisher.com thermo fisher scientific is an eeo/affirmative action employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, disability or any other legally protected status.thermo fisher scientific is an eeo/affirmative action employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, disability or any other legally protected status.



apply now >>
       








join our talent community
if you're ready to make a difference in the world, you can do it here.
join 


share
























the stories we tell






 




my work is a story of momentum






 




inspiring future scientists







our mission is to enable our customers to make the world healthier, cleaner and safer.




about thermo fisher scientific

					thermo fisher scientific inc. (nyse: tmo) is the world leader in serving science, with revenues of more than $20 billion and approximately 65,000 employees globally. our mission is to enable our customers to make the world healthier, cleaner and safer. we help our customers accelerate life sciences research, solve complex analytical challenges, improve patient diagnostics, deliver medicines to market and increase laboratory productivity. through our premier brands - thermo scientific, applied biosystems, invitrogen, fisher scientific and unity lab services - we offer an unmatched combination of innovative technologies, purchasing convenience and comprehensive services.
				




premier brands

thermo scientific
applied biosystems
invitrogen
fisher scientific
unity lab services



follow us

facebook
glassdoor
linkedin
twitter
youtube



company information

about us
investors
newsroom
responsibility
careers









© 2017 thermo fisher scientific, inc. all rights reserved.



accessibility/disability access
terms & conditions
privacy statement
eeo & affirmative action statement
sitemap
powered by smashfly







				all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, creed, religion, color, national or ethnic origin, citizenship, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, genetic information, veteran status, age or disability status. read more
pay transparency nondiscrimination provision. read more
philadelphia's fair chance hiring law read more

disability access
					if you are an individual with a disability who requires reasonable accommodation to complete any part of our application process, including the use of this website, please click here.

							applicants have rights under federal employment laws; family and medical leave act (fmla); equal employment opportunity (eeo); and employee polygraph protection act (eppa).
						























 