

job details


















 

skip navigation






















 
                                        

















sign in to access application status, saved documents and job search agents






		 company insider





 







use your linkedin profile to help you apply faster!

job details
 

 apply with linkedin







new search	    



                view job cart (0)
            



send this job to a friend                



view my account        








                        data scientist
                    




job id #:			16537


location:			

				us-wa-bellevue
			





functional area:			

				business development
			



department:			

				americas business development
			





position type:			

				us full time
			



education required:			

				not indicated
			





experience required:			

				not indicated
			



relocation provided:			





 








share:



facebook





linkedin





twitter






bebo
























position description


					concur, a part of sap, imagines the way the world should work, offering cloud-based services that make it simple to manage travel and expenses. by connecting data, applications and people, concur delivers an effortless experience and total transparency into spend wherever and whenever it happens. concur services adapt to individual employee preferences and scale to meet the needs of companies from small to large, so they can focus on what matters most. the company serves more than 30,000 clients representing more than 27 million users in over 150 countries. who are we looking for? we’re looking for a data scientist who will lead our full-stack machine learning research efforts. work will require meeting with customers to understand their problems, design experiments, model solutions, and visualize data. projects may involve image classification, natural language understanding, topic analysis, and anomaly detection. the ideal candidate will be familiar with machine learning algorithms, able to apply frameworks like scikit-learn, tensorflow, keras, or pytorch, and be able to create new tools, frameworks, and services.you will frequently represent our team and concur through public speaking at company events, customer events, meetups, and conferences. as a leader, you will mentor interns, junior developers, and junior data scientists. some travel is encouraged.about us concur labs explores ideas and builds prototypes that advance the concur platform. our charter is to surface innovations and look at problems differently, often combining technologies in novel ways to enhance the life of a business traveler. we are a small multi-disciplinary team that collaborates with technologists, designers, and product owners to reveal insights and create new product opportunities.we focus on near-future applications of applied machine learning, contextual computing, and alternative and conversational interfaces. the ideal candidate will prefer flexibility and learning over expertise, and will be comfortable in a fast-paced and dynamic environment.
	      		


position requirements


about you you’re creative. you have a good imagination and you’re always thinking of new and interesting ideas.you’re innovative. you are pragmatic and understand that you must work and execute on your creativity to provide meaningful value.you’re conscientious. you can analyze complex problems and present multiple solutions.you’re an instigator. you can think critically, identify opportunities, and clearly articulate your point of view.you’re resourceful: you’re someone who knows their way around the “data stack” utilizing r, python, sql, whatever it takes.  you can get the data you need wherever it lives, organize it, and explore it.you’re a leader: you are comfortable with preparing workshops, leading discussions, demonstrating your work, teaching others what you know, learning what you don't. you have experience presenting to leaders and stakeholders. you are able to communicate your work effectively depending on the audience.you work well with others. you thrive on inter-disciplinary teams, and value different perspectives and high levels of communication and collaboration.you’re a little (or a lot) nerdy. you stay up to date on the latest trends, fads, and tools in mathematics, technology, and data visualization.you want to make the world a better place. you believe that your work has tremendous potential to make life more rewarding, sustainable, and fulfilling.value competencies:displays passion for & responsibility to the customerhires, develops & rewards great peopledisplays leadership through innovation in everything you dodisplays a passion for what you do and a drive to improvedisplays a relentless commitment to windisplays personal & corporate integrityeeo:concur is an equal opportunity employer.  all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, ethnicity, color, national origin, religion, sex, protected veteran status, disability status, or any other characteristics protected by federal, state or local law. we are committed to hiring and valuing a global diverse work team. concur is a dynamic, growing and fast-paced organization.  as such, successful employees are able to work in a fast-paced environment, managing multiple priorities often times under tight deadlines.  this typically requires working a 40+ hour work week to accomplish performance objectives.  with that, concur offers flexibility as to the specific working hours that may be required or available depending on your role.concur is a saas company.  employees must be technically savvy with the ability to use the computer/keyboard and telephone to conduct business.  the ability to creatively problem solve to our core value of ‘leadership through innovation in everything we do’.   many positions within concur are customer facing so written, verbal and interpersonal communications skills are required for a majority of opportunities with concur.confidentiality and our core value ‘personal and corporate integrity’ are critical components being that concur is a publicly traded company and working towards building a great, enduring company.e-verify:  concur participates in e-verify to confirm work authorization.*ind123*li-ss1
          		


we are an equal opportunity employer and do not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, sex, age, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, status as a veteran, and basis of disability or any other federal, state or local protected class.








 

back to top





 



new search	    



                view job cart (0)
            



send this job to a friend                



view my account        

































jobdetails


