


efinancial careers | term life insurance jobs |data scientist















































please enable cookies to continue
please enable cookies in your browser to experience all the personalized features of this site, including the ability to apply for a job.







welcome page







returning candidate?

log back in!












data scientist


location

us-wa-bellevue





job id

2017-1686









overview






as a key member of the analytics team, you will be responsible for data-driven insights that enable efinancial and fidelity life association to optimize business processes and the customer experience. you will gather, organize and aggregate large sets of data in order to produce meaningful business insight in areas such as call center activity, predictive modeling of customer value, constraint optimization, and underwriting.  if you love leading and developing a strategic vision, solving complex problems, driving business strategy and increasing overall profitability by developing deep analytic approaches and infrastructure, this role is for you!








responsibilities






build predictive and behavioral analyses models that are used by the marketing, underwriting & sales teams to enhance targeting, increase revenue, and allocate resources more efficientlydevelop a behavior-based model of the customer lifecycleevaluate specific product performance and sales performance to make recommendations to senior management to increase productivity and drive efficienciesidentify the necessary data and equations to answer business questionstranslate business questions into definable metrics and vice versa.  ability to explain the story the numbers are telling, test hypotheses with numerical data, and identify problem areasresearch competitors, adjacent markets, and current market trends to discover new business or process opportunities








qualifications






bachelor’s degree in a quantitative field such as mathematics, economics, statistics, informatics, data science, or engineering required, advanced degree strongly preferredexperience with statistical analysis, complex sql queries, and business modelingdemonstrated knowledge of applying data mining techniques (i.e. classification, & clustering, time series forecasting, simulation and system modeling), statistics and information retrieval methods to real-world dataexpertise in predictive modeling using both supervised, unsupervised, and reinforcement learning techniques. must have knowledge and experience in the following: generalized linear models, model validation and testing, dimensionality reduction, clustering, and bayesian approaches to data analysisstrong foundations in the design and interpretation of experimentsexperience working with a data warehouse environment and leveraging models within a cloud based environmentproven ability to transform the results of complex modeling procedures into concrete decisions and actionsdemonstrated proficiency with r or pythonworking knowledge of hadoop, hive, and/or mapreduce 








eeoc/other 






efinancial is an equal opportunity employer and supports a diverse workplace. as an efinancial employee, you will be eligible for medical and dental insurance, health savings accounts, flexible spending accounts (health, dependent care & transit), vision care, 401(k), short-term and long-term disability, life and ad&d coverages.





options

apply for this job onlineapplysharerefer this job to a friendrefer


sorry the share function is not working properly at this moment. please refresh the page and try again later.

share on your newsfeed





application faqssoftware powered by icimswww.icims.com









