

	job posting details.













associate, data scientist
kpmg
seattle, wa  united states


the fastest growing big four professional services firm in the u.s., kpmg is known for being a great place to work and build a career. we provide audit, tax and advisory services for organizations in today’s most important industries. our growth is driven by delivering real results for our clients. it’s also enabled by our culture, which encourages individual development, embraces an inclusive environment, rewards innovative excellence and supports our communities.  with qualities like those, it’s no wonder we’re consistently ranked among the best companies to work for by fortune magazine, consulting magazine, working mother magazine, diversity inc. and others. if you’re as passionate about your future as we are, join our team.kpmg is currently seeking an associate, to join our advanced data analytics organization.responsibilities:analyze and model structured data using advanced statistical methods and implement algorithms and software needed to perform analyses build recommendation engines, spam classifiers, sentiment analyzers and classifiers for unstructured and semi-structured data cluster large amount of user generated content and process data in large-scale environments using amazon ec2, storm, hadoop and spark perform machine learning, natural language, and statistical analysis methods, such as classification, collaborative filtering, association rules, sentiment analysis, topic modeling, time-series analysis, regression, statistical inference, and validation methods participate in client engagements focused on big data and advanced business analytics, in diverse domains such as product development, marketing research, public policy, optimization, and risk management; communicate results and educate others through reports and presentations perform explanatory data analyses, generate and test working hypotheses, prepare and analyze historical data and identify patternsqualifications:a minimum of one year of  professional experience working as a data scientistmaster’s degree or phd from an accredited college/university in computer science, statistics, mathematics, engineering, bioinformatics, physics, operations research, or related fields, with a strong mathematical background and ability to understand algorithms and methods from a mathematical viewpoint and an intuitive viewpointindustry experience in financial services or federal, state, and local preferredstrong knowledge in at least one of the following fields: machine learning, data visualization, statistical modeling, data mining, or information retrieval strong data extraction and processing, using mapreduce, pig, and/or hive preferred ability to travel up to eighty percent of the timeapplicants must be currently authorized to work in the united states without the need for visa sponsorship now or in the futurekpmg llp (the u.s. member firm of kpmg international) offers a comprehensive compensation and benefits package. kpmg is an equal opportunity employer. all qualified applicants are considered for employment without regard to race, color, creed, religion, age, sex/gender, national origin, ancestry, citizenship status, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability,  physical or mental handicap unrelated to ability, pregnancy, veteran status, unfavorable discharge from military service, genetic information, or other legally protected status.  kpmg maintains a drug-free workplace. kpmg will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable local, state or federal law (including san francisco ordinance number 131192). no phone calls or agencies please.



click here to apply for this position.

job code: 69535
58965781






