

















microsoft careers: my job details






skip to main content





































                this site uses cookies for analytics, personalized content and ads. by continuing to browse this site, you agree to this use.
            learn more















 microsoft careers
















sign in


















account central

apply history

help center

job alerts

job watch list

recommended jobs

resumes


















welcome!









if you have an existing microsoft careers account, sign in below. if you are new to the site, create a microsoft careers account by clicking on one of the following:













microsoft


linkedin


google


facebook




cancel










working at microsoft 


benefits and perks


businesses and teams


mission and culture


office locations




students and graduates 


apply


events and webinars


find your recruiter


international opportunities


programs




find a job 


students and graduates


industry professionals




things to do 


create a careers account


explore recommended jobs


locate events and webinars


find your recruiter


review interview tips





working at linkedin
































 data & applied scientist









are you looking for opportunities to deliver innovations to hundreds of millions of users? are you excited about large scale distributed systems and machine learning algorithms?  &nbsp our group develops knowledge services for microsoft’s multi-billion-dollar enterprise and consumer business, these services power customer engagements across surfaces including office, windows and xbox, etc. leveraging big graph technology. we are staffing up a team with talented and experienced engineers with proven strengths in innovation, system design and architecture, data sciences, cross-group collaboration, shipping complex products/services, and engineering excellence who will be working on graph services for engagement, monetization and fraud detection using graph analytics and graph ml. this team will focus both on large scale engineering challenges and algorithmic challenges.  &nbsp we are a combined engineering organization that manifests authority, responsibility and accountability for all aspects of the running service (not just the software that powers it).  &nbsp basic qualifications: ms or phd in computer science, statistics, operations research, applied mathematics, electrical engineering, or equivalent technical fields with knowledge and experience of machine learning.   &nbsp requirements: knowledge and experience in machine learning, data mining, information retrieval or statistics required. 2+ years of practical experience in applying machine learning models and doing data analysis. proficient in one low level computer languages such as c#/java/c++, and in one scripting languages such as python, r, sql, java and scala.  &nbsp knowledge and experience working with cloud computing data platforms (e.g. cosmos, hadoop or apache spark) strongly preferred excellent communication skills, ability to present and write reports, strong team work preferred. proven track record of shipping online services in a fast-paced environment. ability to meet microsoft, customer and/or government security screening requirements are required for this role. these requirements include, but are not limited to the following specialized security screenings: microsoft cloud background check: this position will be required to pass the microsoft cloud background check upon hire/transfer and every two years thereafter.microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. if you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com.









job #






327055
1079989







locations





united states, redmond (wa)






job families





data & applied sciences (engineering)






products and technologies





windows 






teams





windows and devices group










empower your future.








































apply
when you complete this final step in the application process, your resume will be sent to staffing and you will get an email confirmation of submission. you may be contacted directly be a recuiter if there is a match. 


select resume
the resume you have selected will be used for the below job openings.




edit this resume

create new resume













the resume noted above will be used for applying to the position(s) listed in the table. please make sure that these are the openings you are interested in.
are you ready to proceed with submitting your resume for the above position(s)?





affirmative action information


microsoft is committed to a diverse work environment and this commitment is demonstrated, in part, through its affirmative action program. to assist us in meeting this commitment, we encourage you to complete the below information for our records. this information is solicited from all individuals applying for u.s. - based positions with microsoft, as required by u.s. law. completion of this section is strictly voluntary. declining to provide this information will not result in any adverse treatment of your application for employment. the ethnicity/race categories listed below are defined by the u.s. equal employment opportunity commission.





gender

malefemaledecline to state



race/ethnicity
view definitions
close definitions









what prompted you to apply to microsoft?






























































        to confirm that you are a person and not an automated program, please enter all the characters you see in the image. you can avoid this by signing in.
        


				
            notes:your computer must be able to play audio in wav format. the audio file is intentionally distorted to prevent automated programs from reading it. if the file plays in another program, remember the numbers, return to this page, and then type them in the field.
        
			









play audio































            update contact information?

some of the contact information you just provided is different from what we have in your existing microsoft careers account. do you want us to update your account with the latest information?











            great! updates to your account have been saved.









you need a resume to apply


to apply for this job, you must to submit a resume. 


if you already have a saved resume,
sign in













            the selected job(s) were added to your job watch list
        













feedback





x












get started


explore recommended jobs


search jobs


manage job alerts


manage resumes




life at microsoft


diversity


jobsblog


news center


stories


the fire hose


women at microsoft




tips and tools


apply history


frequently asked questions


help center


interview tips


job watch list




connect with us





































legal
privacy
contact us
©2017 microsoft





















