



qlik careers - data science/ analytics curriculum developer



























 









                                                    qlik careers                                            







                data science/ analytics curriculum developer
    
    

                            education services            
                                                home office,
                                        united states
                                                
                                        newton,
                                        massachusetts
                                                
                                        radnor,
                                        pennsylvania
                                                
                                        raleigh, nc,
                                        united states
                            
                        



        apply
    


description

qlik is committed to changing the world by making it easier to make more insightful decisions, and act on them. our business discovery software, qlikview and qlik sense, help organizations do more than just report findings. it allows them to explore their data and make informed decisions that can change the way they both see their business and operate more effectively. in the current data revolution, the ability to read, work with, analyze, and communicate with data is imperative for organizations.  the data literacy program at qlik helps bring training, learning, and insight regarding data and analytics to individuals and organizations, helping them data in this data revolution more effectively.the data scientist curriculum developer for the  data literacy program will have the opportunity to build and expand qlik’s new data literacy program.  this new role will accomplish this through many methods and opportunities, including:build data and analytical learning curriculum for online and in-person training. this curriculum will be focused on advanced analytic and statistical methodologies.deliver training on data literacy topics, including: beginner, intermediate, and advanced concepts.help build and expand the vision of qlik’s data literacy programpartner with internal qlik teams in data literacy capacities, including marketing and research and development.help expand new and existing partnerships with external partners in the world of data literacybuild and deliver data literacy content for speaking engagements, blog posts, and more. key skills:beginning level data scientistenthusiasm and passion for data, statistics, analytics, and learningability and comfort in public speakingentrepreneurial spirit and desire to buildscripting language skills in r, python, or other advanced statistical coding languagecurriculum development expertise is preferred but not requiredqlik is not accepting unsolicited assistance from search firms for this employment opportunity. please, no phone calls or emails. all resumes submitted by search firms to any employee at qlik via-email, the internet or in any form and/or method without a valid written search agreement in place for this position will be deemed the sole property of qlik. no fee will be paid in the event the candidate is hired by qlik as a result of the referral or through other means.   as part of its commitment to equal employment opportunity, the company seeks to comply with all applicable provisions of the americans with disabilities act (ada). if you need an accommodation due a disability, please contact humanresources@qlikview.com.applicants must be eligible to work in the united states without sponsorship  *li-ed




        apply
    

        apply later    


            ← back to current openings        




share





linkedin




facebook




twitter




email












powered by jobvite









