


        vp, data science -        sidecar -         job board
    

























 






view our website



view all jobs















we’re on the hunt for top talent! take a look at our job openings to see if you're a fit. 



vp, data science


philadelphia, pa                    

full time                

data science                    

executive                


















overview:
we’re looking for a vp of data science to join our rapidly growing team.  as the vp of data science, you will be exposed to all facets of the business and be encouraged to learn and develop skills both within and beyond your role. you’ll be working in one of the most collaborative offices in center city philly, developing and working with machine learning technology, surrounded by passionate, high-performing individuals.
 
qualifications:
the vp of data science candidate is an intelligent, motivated person that is passionate about data science and a true thought leader. the candidate should have:

10+ years experience in data science, analytics, machine learning or related fields
3+ years experience managing a data science team
exceptional people manager, mentor, and leader with experience managing and developing a team of highly skilled data scientists
demonstrated ability building company wide data science vision and successfully executing that vision
ability to communicate data science vision, goals and requirements across the organization
strong understanding of various big and small data architectures and design patterns
proven experience in leading data science and machine learning projects from definition to execution, driving impact and influencing product and marketing roadmaps
experience in e-commerce and online advertising is a huge plus

 
responsibilities:

develop an integrated end to end data science strategy for sidecar and its current and future data science products
develop machine learning expertise and apply innovative machine learning approaches across the organization
collaborate with product, engineering, marketing, operations, customer success and other stakeholders to ensure alignment between organizational and data science vision
manage and develop a team of quantitative and highly skilled data scientists
operate as a thought leader and visionary, with the ability to guide, influence and inspire peak performance across the data architecture and data science functions
champion a data-driven culture and drive long-term business value creation through development of best-in-class data science capabilities

 
who we are:
sidecar built a technology from the ground up that’s dedicated to one mission: tackle the challenges retailers face in data-driven e-commerce channels. based on advanced machine learning algorithms and deep data science expertise, our technology digests and analyzes massive, real-time datasets, allowing it to spot trends and continually improve campaigns for google shopping, facebook dynamic ads, and bing shopping.
these channels are changing every day—and have become too complex and competitive to manage manually or with outdated technologies. they require automated, sophisticated, and ever-evolving technology to stay ahead. that’s what sidecar is all about. we’re proud to work with retailers of all sizes and verticals in the u.s. and abroad, including under armour, crate & barrel, and boscov’s, to name a few.
as a company, we’re a group of energetic people who work hard to make a lasting impact in the rapidly evolving world of e-commerce marketing. and our work is paying off—we are quickly becoming a tech leader and the go-to partner for e-commerce marketing pros.
our open-floor work environment and slack-enabled team encourages collaboration, creativity, and growth as individuals and as a company. many of us come from e-commerce, statistical, or start-up backgrounds, but we certainly welcome talent with outside perspective and experience. we believe in regular company social events inspire friendships and strengthen our bond.
 
benefits:

competitive salary, based on experience
medical, dental, and vision coverage
company-paid disability and life insurance
a company 401(k) plan
unlimited pto (our policy is simple, respect your team, and take time off when you need it)
flexible schedule
choose your flavor of device: mac, windows, linux
pre-tax deductions of public transportation costs for your commute
discounted gym membership
team and social events


read more



apply for position








            apply for this position        
required*



apply with linkedin







apply with indeed









first name*



last name*



email address*



address
















phone*



resume*

attach resume
                    or
                    paste resume



                        attach resume as .pdf, .doc, or .docx (limit 2mb) or
                        paste resume


 




                            paste your resume here or
                            attach resume file









have you ever been convicted of a felony?*
no answernoyes 

if “yes”, you have been convicted of a felony, please explain the circumstances around the conviction:*




submit application














×close
forward this position





recipient email address (one)



your name



your email address



enter a message (optional)
the message cannot contain links




human check*




















powered by















