

	analytical development scientist - philadelphia, pa






























we arespark
our scientificplatform & programs

« back
our scientificplatform & programs


about gene therapy




patients& families

« back
patients& families


inherited retinal diseases
hemophilia




healthcareprofessionals

investors& media

« back
investors& media


media
investors overview
stock information

stock quote & chart
historical stock lookup
stock calculator


analyst coverage
press releases
events
investor presentations
corporate governance

corporate compliance
highlights
management team
board of directors
committee composition


annual meeting
financial information

sec filings


shareholder services

investor contacts






join thespark team













current openings













your email

friend's email



subject



your email

i thought you might be interested in the analytical development scientist job listed at spark therapeutics.  just copy and paste the following link into your browser: http://jobs.sparktx.com/jobseeker/detail.aspx?jid=02545023


enter the number in the image to the right
                              
                            





send email





analytical development scientist

















apply

location philadelphia, pa
job type direct hire
date nov 28, 2017
job id 2545023



under general guidance from the analytical development lead, working closely with colleagues in r&d and quality control, the successful candidate will develop, optimize and  qualify analytical methods for use in gene therapy product characterization.  specifically, the candidate will develop chromatographic and electrophoresis methods to provide critical knowledge about aav-based vectors.   s/he will provide written and oral updates  to project teams, provide support for regulatory document filings, provide technical reports and data summaries and participate in technology transfer.   this is a hands-on laboratory-based position in a fast-paced, dynamic environment.  s/he must be able to contribute to the delivery of corporate goals under aggressive timelines.   responsibilities: 85%            chromatography and/or electrophoresis method optimization, qualification and technology transfer. 15%            data review; project updates; technical report and sop preparation.   qualifications:  the candidate must possess strong oral presentation and scientific writing skills, as demonstrated in peer-reviewed publications and scientific meeting oral presentations/posters.   requirements:  phd or ms in biotechnology, biochemistry or related field. minimum 1-3 years (phd) or 4-7 years (ms) of relevant biotech industry experience working in a laboratory setting is required. experience with chromatography method development is required. experience with capillary electrophoresis method development is strongly preferred. experience in biophysical characterization, such as mass spectrometry, analytical ultracentrifugation, dynamic light scattering, and/or electron microscopy is strongly preferred. experience with gene therapy and viral vector products in a gmp/glp laboratory setting is strongly preferred but not required. experience writing sops and technical documents is required.   who we are:  transforming patient’s lives. spark therapeutics is a pioneering gene therapy leader transforming the lives of patients suffering from debilitating genetic diseases by developing one-time, life-altering treatments. we are embarking on our goal to deliver the  first approved gene therapy product in the us for genetic blinding conditions and have a product pipeline addressing other unmet rare genetic diseases. we have an entrepreneurial culture and are looking for talented and passionate professionals who are committed  and motivated to making a difference in the lives of our patients. if you share our passion for excellence and are looking for a dynamic work environment that fosters creativity, scientific innovation and team collaboration, you may be a great fit for our  team.                            sprkresearchdevelopment  




apply





















spark therapeutics, inc.
3737 market street
philadelphia, pa 19104
phone: 1-855-sparktx / +1 215-220-9300
© 2017 spark therapeutics, inc.







contact us
privacy policy
terms of use











