

careers | mckean defense




























 













            careers
        






careers homeyour profile/job agentmckean homecabrillo home




 


your user session will timeout in 5 minutes.  please click ok to continue with your application.

















					data statistician
				


						tracking code
					

						2598-317 
					

						job description
					

mckean defense is an employee owned naval life cycle management, engineering, enterprise transformation and program management business headquartered in philadelphia, pa. mckean’s engineers, developers, technical staff, programmers, analysts, and program managers identify and deploy new shipboard technologies, integrate information technology across shipboard platforms, and develop strategies to support the warfighter. mckean’s employees create strategic solutions to help customers reach new levels of mission support and transform their organizations.
 
mckean is seeking a data analyst/statistician to support the energy metrics group.
 
1. advising nswcpd regarding the appropriateness of available statistical methods to solve a defined business/research problem
 
2. conducting statistical analysis
 
3. authoring reports containing actionable recommendations based upon the employed techniques
 
4. educating and training others regarding statistical methods
 
5. recommending new product offerings, extensions and enhancements incorporating evolving statistical methods
 


						required skills
					

1. strong technical data analytical skills
2. develop strategies for data analytics
3. apply data management and statistical methods and the use of data management, computational, and analytic software
4. apply statistical principles, processes, applications, and analytical methods to design, implement, and analyze related studies
5. proficiency with a personal computer (pc)
6. proficiency with matlab and all microsoft office suite applications
7. energy metrics is a plus
8. thermal management is a plus
 
successful applicants must either have an active government security clearance or the ability to receive approval upon position acceptance.
must have a valid us passport or the ability to obtain one upon position acceptance.
 
 
 


						required experience
					

 1. 7 to 10 years of experience as a data statistician
2. mathematical theory usage and development
3. thorough technical knowledge of relevant statistical methodology
4. masters (ms) in statistical analysis (ph.d is a plus)
 
 
equal opportunity employer–minorities/females/veterans/individuals with disabilities/sexual orientation/gender identity.
mckean defense is an e-verify company.
 


						job location
					

						philadelphia, pennsylvania, united states
					

						position type
					

						full-time/regular
					





							apply
						











								connect
							


							who do you know at
							
mckean-defense-group







								share
							






















					return to job listings
				






search current openingsupdate your profilecreate a job agentupdate job agent
  







copyright 2017, mckean defense group. all rights reserved. 










