

	pd scientist - analytical - philadelphia, pa






























we arespark
our scientificplatform & programs

« back
our scientificplatform & programs


about gene therapy




patients& families

« back
patients& families


inherited retinal diseases
hemophilia




healthcareprofessionals

investors& media

« back
investors& media


media
investors overview
stock information

stock quote & chart
historical stock lookup
stock calculator


analyst coverage
press releases
events
investor presentations
corporate governance

corporate compliance
highlights
management team
board of directors
committee composition


annual meeting
financial information

sec filings


shareholder services

investor contacts






join thespark team













current openings













your email

friend's email



subject



your email

i thought you might be interested in the pd scientist - analytical job listed at spark therapeutics.  just copy and paste the following link into your browser: http://jobs.sparktx.com/jobseeker/detail.aspx?jid=02538099


enter the number in the image to the right
                              
                            





send email





pd scientist - analytical

















apply

location philadelphia, pa
job type direct hire
date nov 16, 2017
job id 2538099



the process development scientist is a key role in the process development analytical team. he/she will function as an analytical scientist to develop and implement new assays,  optimize existing assays based on in-depth knowledge of laboratory techniques and perform analytical experiments to support upstream and downstream process development at spark.     the major responsibilities are as follows, but not limited to: conduct analytical experiments to support process development of upstream, downstream and pre-clinical operation teams design and perform analytical experiments to determine raav yield and recovery, vector purity and potency while delivering reliable high-quality experimental data and preparing  experimental reports in a timely manner provide analytical expertise to troubleshoot issues and resolve the issues timely develop and implement new analytical methods or optimize existing methods with limit guidance from supervisor and other team members to support raav production and purification  methods       work closely with team members to ensure the availability of adequate laboratory materials as needed  execute routine lab operations on an ongoing basis, maintain accurate, timely and detailed records of work collaborate with facility for instrument maintenance and calibration  responbilities: 75%         working in the labs to perform experiments described above in the job primary duties 15%         design experiments, organize, discuss and record experimental data. 5%           prepare presenting materials, literature search and so on.    5%           trainings, lab meetings and administration work  qualifications:  strong analytical skills and problem-solving capabilities; familiar with variety of lab techniques, including pcr, q-pcr, digital pcr, protein assays, elisa-based assays and  cell-based assays. proven ability to work independently in hands-on laboratory setting, self-motivated to learn and develop new techniques capable of performing multiple tasks simultaneously, keep accurate records, follow instructions, and comply with company policies.  good personal communication skills and team  worker. must be comfortable in the fast-paced, biotech start-up environment and interact with multi-disciplinary research teams at spark. knowledge of gene therapy is preferred, but not required.  requirements:  ph.d in biological sciences required minimum of two years of relevant working with analytical technologies in pharma/biotech industry experience experience with viral vector production, q-pcr, digital pcr, elisa-based assays and cell-based assay is preferred  who we are:  transforming patient’s lives. spark therapeutics is a pioneering gene therapy leader transforming the lives of patients suffering from debilitating genetic diseases by developing one-time, life-altering treatments. we are embarking on our goal to deliver the  first approved gene therapy product in the us for genetic blinding conditions and have a product pipeline addressing other unmet rare genetic diseases. we have an entrepreneurial culture and are looking for talented and passionate professionals who are committed  and motivated to making a difference in the lives of our patients. if you share our passion for excellence and are looking for a dynamic work environment that fosters creativity, scientific innovation and team collaboration, you may be a great fit for our  team.                    sprkprocessdevelopment




apply





















spark therapeutics, inc.
3737 market street
philadelphia, pa 19104
phone: 1-855-sparktx / +1 215-220-9300
© 2017 spark therapeutics, inc.







contact us
privacy policy
terms of use











