data scientist - bradsdeals.combradsdeals.comdata scientistdatachicagoabout the rolewe are looking for talented, passionate data scientist with the skill and desire to contribute to our team.  in simplest terms, you'll be building the foundation upon which we grow our business.if you have experience working to develop predictive forecast models and recommendation systems that incorporate multiple data sources, then we would love to talk with you.   if you are the type of person who comes to work every day expecting to learn, contribute, teach, and have fun, then we think you will fit right in.about our teamwe aim to derive meaning from our data, enabling us to run our business better, and also equip our clients to do the same.  we believe in agile software development (lowercase 'a') and use elements from scrum and lean as a base for how we manage our work.  'inspect & adapt' is more than just a catchphrase to us.  we pair regularly as-needed, but not as a rule. we are willing to have every problem under the sun exactly once, in exchange for never having the same problem twice.  core responsibilities & qualificationsin this role, you will focus on the design, development and implementation of ranking models, cluster segmentations,  and algorithms in support of brads deal's business needs. you will leverage various mathematical and statistical methods to help better understand and predict the behavior of both complex and simple systems.you have previous experience writing production quality code using tools such as r and python.you will work with our devops team to develop and maintain the infrastructure that powers our models.  we are a small (and growing) team so it's important that you enjoy working a project from end­-to-­end.you will help maintain and expand our proprietary recommendation engineyou have experience building predictive models, including  time series, spatial, and/or financial forecasting modelsyou have at least 3-7 years modeling and predicting behaviors of both complex and simple systemsyou have hands-on experience with aws and the different data tools that are offered on that platform (redshift, emr, kinesis, s3, etc)about usshop smart, one of forbes’ 100 most promising companies and a 101 chicago best and brightest organization, publishes deals and coupons from national retailers across a network of sites. the flagship, brad’s deals, is the largest editorial-driven deal site with over 5m monthly unique visitors.launched in 2002, the rapidly growing company has changed the way millions of consumers shop and is a leader in our space and in the chicago technology community. we have relationships with over 2,500 top retailers (amazon, target, dell, etc.), exposure to over 50m consumers a year and a consistent national media presence (usa today, today show, wsj, msnbc).remind me to apply laterclearwant to apply later?type your email address below to receive a reminderemailerrorrequired fieldcancelsend reminderapply to jobfirst nameerrorrequired fieldlast nameerrorrequired fieldemailerrorrequired fieldphone numbererrorwebsiteerrorresumeattachattachclearinsert_drive_filedeletecover letterattachattachclearinsert_drive_filedeletesubmitprivacy.terms