

norc career central - norc at the university of chicago



























 






learn more about norc at www.norc.org 




homeall jobsabout usresearch and surveyinterviewer positionsinformation technologyfinance & administration



 

search current openingsupdate your profilecreate a job agentupdate job agent
  



your user session will timeout in 5 minutes.  please click ok to continue with your application.

















					data scientist
				


						tracking code
					

						2017212 
					

						job description
					

norc at the university of chicago is seeking a data scientist to support a diverse range of research projects in the center for excellence in survey research department. at norc, data scientists play a strategic role in supporting our research teams to produce valuable insights for our clients. they work collaboratively in multi-disciplinary teams to help drive innovative solutions. a person in this position will likely be involved in the design and implementation of algorithms, models, and work flows to discover valuable information in large volumes of data from various sources. he/she organizes, harmonizes, and analyzes data sets, uses various technologies to enable data visualization, and creates applications of enduring value to the company’s business.
 
responsibilities
 
responsibilities of a person in this position would include but not be limited to: interpreting data from multiple sources; developing programs and scripts for data transformation, integration, or reduction; developing new software or enhancing previously developed in-house applications such as those for data coding; and performing various types of analysis involving multiple data sets. this job also entails engagement in business development and authoring sections of technical proposals


						required experience
					

the successful candidate should have at least a masters' degree in one of the following fields:  math, statistics, computer science, data science, or a social science or public policy related field. 
 
he/she should have a strong foundation in areas of statistics, mathematics, and computer programming.
 
mature fluency in python programming and familiarity with linux environments are required along with parallelization technologies for high performance computing.
 
preference will be given to those with additional expertise in areas of data mining such as topic modeling, natural language processing, and machine learning. 
 
strong skills in problem solving and quantitative/qualitative analysis are required. 
 
the candidate should be able to organize and prioritize work assignments to meet project needs. 
 
he/she must have at least five years’ experience in positions of increasing responsibility, preferably working with large datasets and conducting statistical and quantitative modeling, melding analytics with programming, data mining, clustering and segmentation.
 
some familiarity with the social science domain is strongly preferred.
 
the qualified candidate should have strong communication skills with experience in client communications and relationship management; should be able to quickly comprehend requirements and assignments and then explain his/her solutions in both writing and speech.
 
about norc
 
a tradition of excellence
as one of the oldest not-for-profit, academic research organizations in the united states, and through its affiliation with the university of chicago, norc maintains the highest standard of professional excellence and scientific rigor, and is committed to broad dissemination of its findings.
 
a passion for innovation
norc’s subject matter experts and survey professionals develop and employ innovative study designs, research methods, and technical applications to derive meaningful and accurate results.
 
a commitment to collegiality
norc cultivates an interdisciplinary culture of achievement in which senior investigators from diverse fields and professional backgrounds collaborate with the next generation of researchers in an open, collegial environment.
 
norc is an affirmative action, equal opportunity employer that values and actively seeks diversity in the workforce. norc evaluates qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, and other legally- protected characteristics.


						job location
					

						chicago, illinois, united states
					

						position type
					

						full-time/regular
					





							apply
						











								share
							






















					return to job listings
				








| site map |    © copyright 2011 norc at the university of chicago











