





job details – akuna capital






























 














your career
the team
our culture
get in touch
 






 










your career
the team
our culture
get in touch



























 

junior quantitative developer - data analysischicago, il




























 

junior quantitative developer - data analysischicago, il




































we are looking for junior quantitative developers in chicago to work with a world class team of quant developers and traders.
financial markets are complex and competitive and require sharp, creative minds to find insights. quantitative developers on our data analysis teams are responsible for leading the effort to find the insights that differentiate us from our competition. finding these insights is a difficult task that requires enthusiastic problem solving and a willingness to challenge our current thinking. along the way, our quantitative developers apply the latest techniques to identify insights and deliver high quality code, tools and visualizations used throughout our organization.
what you’ll do as a junior quant developer at akuna:

create, validate and analyze complex datasets used throughout our organization.
design, implement, maintain and improve tools used by developers, quants, traders and support personnel
produce clean, well-tested code with a clear design
research and develop algorithm and strategy improvements.
write and optimize data analysis code and calculation intensive models

qualities that make great candidates:

pursuing a bs/ms/phd in a technical field – physics, math, engineering, computer science, or equivalent.
passionate, pragmatic problem solver with the ability to independently pursue solutions to complex problems
ability to communicate complex technical topics in a clear and concise way
demonstrated experience with data analysis, either on a personal, school, or research project
demonstrated experience developing software using python on linux. experience with the common python data libraries (pandas, numpy, etc…) is a strong plus
comfortable developing intuitive ways to manipulate and display data
location: chicago, ildepartment: quantitativeapply now

































the new wavein tech and trading
akuna capital headquarters
333 south wabash avenue
26th floor
chicago, il 60604








all rights reserved © akuna capital






























