











data scientist with cvs health

















skip navigation







cvshealth.com



main menu


aboutabout
our servicesretail pharmacy
pharmacy benefits management
clinical services
specialty pharmacy
digital services

leadership
diversityemployee and consumer rights
supplier diversity
veterans
workforce
multicultural products and services

cvs health at a glance
our storyhistory


social responsibilitysocial responsibility
our givingfoundation giving
corporate giving
local community support
community contacts

corporate social responsibilityhealth in action
planet in balance
leader in growth
reporting

stakeholder engagement

resource library

be the first tobacco-free generation
tobacco-free generation campus initiative


community stories
thought leadershipthought leadershiprising drug priceshealth care delivery & innovation
opioid epidemic
tobacco prevention & cessation

cvs health research institute
stay informedemail alerts & subscriptions


careerscareers



newsroomnewsroompress releases

media gallery
media contacts
email news alerts

investorsinvestors
investor storyour business model
growth drivers
capital allocation
long term targets

results center
2016 in reviewceo's shareholder letter
health is where the heart is
interactive annual report

financial informationfive-year financial summary
interactive financial history
fixed income information
annual report archive

sec filings
events & presentations
stock informationstock chart
stock calculator
dividend history
equity analyst coverage
cost basis calculator

corporate governanceleadership
board of directors
guidelines
committee composition
documents

investor resourcesshareholder services
shareholder information request form
faqs
contacts
investor alerts








search form

search 





 



other sites
cvs/pharmacy
cvs/caremark
cvs/minuteclinic
cvs/specialty
 



prescription help
contact
 











search jobs
search jobs



keyword search



location



search radius
radius
5 miles
15 miles
25 miles
35 miles
50 miles



search jobs












analytics careers












share

facebook
twitter
linkedin
google+






job details


data scientist

apply now

save job
remove job

view saved jobs



 job id:
    706026br
 business area:
    cvs health
primary location:
    il ‒ northbrook
 other locations: 
    ma - boston, ri - woonsocket 
 job type:
    full time 
 job category:
analytics, corporate

 clinical licensure required:
    n/a 
location code of145

position summary:are you passionate about data and helping patients improve their health?   consider the position of data scientist, where your experience in advanced analytics and modeling will directly inform how cvs health helps patients on their path to better health.    as a key member of the enterprise analytics group, you will work with a variety of business partners from across the enterprise to both support the development of innovative programs to improve patient outcomes as well as reduce cost and improve efficiency across cvs health the role of data scientist will primarily be responsible for developing machine learning and other advanced models that drive business outcomes across cvs. the advanced analytics team is an interdisciplinary team of data scientists that partners with business groups across cvs to ideate, develop, and deploy analytic models and solutions that leverage advanced machine learning and analytics methodologies.   as a member of this group you will work with a highly collaborative team to apply state of the art analytic methods to solve real world problems. the successful data scientist will translate business needs into analytic questions; design and conduct rigorous analyses of clinical, financial, customer, and operational data; and translate these analytic findings into predictive models and evaluation results for our business partners. key job functions include, but are not limited to, the following:  consulting with key internal and external stakeholders to determine how best to leverage predictive modeling and advanced analytic methods to support business objectives across cvs health. able to select several potential appropriate modeling approaches for a given analytic problem (regressions, time series analysis, neural networks, decision trees, ensemble models). efficiently implement the models in a variety of modeling tools, achieving highly accurate models. understands the underlying statistical concepts and computational approaches that enable efficient execution of models and may be able to design and implement modifications and enhancements to the computations.developing sound analytic plans based on available data sources, business partner needs, and required timelines. able to apply innovative approaches to understand and predict what will happen across the business. managing deliverables across multiple projects in a deadline-driven environment and project related to a wide variety of business settings and clinical needs. presenting analytic findings in a variety of formats (reports, ppt, graphs, figures and tables), formulating recommendations, and effectively presenting the results to non-analytic audiences. #analytictalent#dcerequired qualifications:to be considered for this exciting opportunity on the advanced analytics team, candidates will need to have the following experience: a minimum of 5 years of professional post-graduate experience in constructing, validating, and executing predictive modeling solutions.advanced skills and training in machine learning data mining and other quantitative research analytics such as: non-linear regression analysis, multivariate analysis, bayesian methods, generalized linear models, decision trees and random forest, non parametric estimations, neural networks, ensemble models, etc. experience in translating business problems across disciplines into advanced analytic projects with measurable business value. experience with theoretical modeling approaches and matching analytic modeling approaches to a wide range of business applications. analytics experience within the retail and/or healthcare industries, with experience deploying capabilities across a wide range of business disciplines. demonstrated strong project management and time management skills. strong background in statistical languages technologies such as r, python, sas, etc. experience with computer development languages (java, c++).   preferred qualifications:phd in economics, statistics, mathematics or directly related field. education:master’s in in economics, statistics, mathematics or directly related field. business overview:cvs health, through our unmatched breadth of service offerings, is transforming the delivery of health care services in the u.s. we are an innovative, fast-growing company guided by values that focus on teamwork, integrity and respect for our colleagues and customers. what are we looking for in our colleagues? we seek fresh ideas, new perspectives, a diversity of experiences, and a dedication to service that will help us better meet the needs of the many people and businesses that rely on us each day. as the nation’s largest pharmacy health care provider, we offer a wide range of exciting and fulfilling career opportunities across our three business units – minuteclinic, pharmacy benefit management (pbm) and retail pharmacy. our energetic and service-oriented colleagues work hard every day to make a positive difference in the lives of our customers.cvs health is an equal opportunity employer. we do not discriminate in hiring or employment against any individual on the basis of race, ethnicity, ancestry, color, religion, sex/gender (including pregnancy), national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, physical or mental disability, medical condition, age, veteran status, military status, marital status, genetic information, citizenship status, unemployment status, political affiliation, or on any other basis or characteristic prohibited by applicable federal, state or local law. cvs health will consider qualified job candidates with criminal histories in a manner consistent with federal, state and local laws. cvs health will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against any colleague or applicant for employment because such colleague or applicant has inquired about, discussed, or disclosed the compensation of the colleague or applicant or another colleague or applicant. furthermore, we comply with the laws and regulations set forth in the following eeo is the law poster: eeo is the law and eeo is the law supplementfederal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified individuals with disabilities. if you require assistance to apply for this job, please contact us by clicking eeo aa cvs healthcvs health does not require nor expect that applicants disclose their compensation history during the application, interview, and hiring process.for inquiries related to the application process or technical issues please contact the kenexa helpdesk at 1-855-338-5609. for technical issues with the virtual job tryout assessment, contact the shaker help desk at 1-877-987-5352. please note that we only accept resumes via our corporate website: https://jobs.cvshealth.com/

apply now
apply later








share

facebook
twitter
linkedin
google+







location map & information
learn about this job location and find nearby amenities.


 






related jobs


registered nurse rn-clinical sales liaison- boston ma
733422br
 massachusetts, boston, massachusetts


advisor, retail pharmacy strategy
734780br
woonsocket, rhode island


advisor, portfolio optimization and business insights
734783br
woonsocket, rhode island


senior manager of pharmacy strategy
734773br
woonsocket, rhode island






job alert notifications
sign up to receive the latest career opportunities directly to your inbox.


email addressinterested insearch for a category and select one from the list of suggestions. search for a location and select one from the list of suggestions. finally, click “add” to create your job alert.categorylocationaddremove

confirm email







learn more about our privacy policy.




application process
we’re here to make our application process as easy as possible for you. here's what you can expect.
learn more













awards &recognition
our hard work's been noticed, and acclaimed.
learn more










recruiting news
find out what we've been doing and how you can join us in doing it.
learn more












cvs and ibm team up to predict patient health
cvs health and ibm have formed a partnership designed to better predict deteriorating health of the pharmacy giant’s customers through predictive analytics.




let's get started!
before we redirect you into our applicant tracking system, please give us your email address.
first namelast nameemail

confirm email









































follow cvs health careers on social


































sign up for our email alerts sign up now




follow us
facebook
twitter
youtube
linkedin
 



 



about cvs health
millions of times a day, we’re helping people on their path to better health—from advising on prescriptions to helping manage chronic and specialty conditions. because we’re present in so many moments, big and small, we have an active, supportive role in shaping the future of health care.




quick links

code of conduct
corporate integrity agreement policy
diversity
ethics & human rights
political activities & contributions
 



corporate information
about
careers
newsroom
thought leadership
investors
 



 



terms of use
privacy policy
patient privacy
sitemap
© copyright 1999 - 2017 cvs health













































