



job application for data engineer  at riskiq






















          apply now
        
data engineer 

        at riskiq
      
(view all jobs)

        san francisco (relocation available)
      


riskiq is the leader in digital threat management, providing the most comprehensive discovery, intelligence, and mitigation of threats associated with an organization’s digital presence. with more than 80 percent of attacks originating outside the firewall, riskiq allows enterprises to gain unified insight and control over web, social, and mobile exposures. trusted by thousands of security analysts, riskiq’s platform combines advanced internet data reconnaissance and analytics to expedite investigations, understand digital attack surfaces, assess risk, and take action to protect business, brand, and customers. based in san francisco, the company is backed by summit partners, battery ventures, georgian partners, and massmutual ventures
our data science team is at the core of advancing our technologies that will compose our next generation of internet and mobile security products. a successful candidate will be a highly motivated team member with a passion for solving the challenging problems our business faces. as a hadoop engineer, you will design, build, and scale our hadoop ecosystem, which empowers our data science team to deliver game-changing intelligence from both existing and new/novel data sources. relocation is available for the right candidate. 
your responsibilities will include

participate in architecting and building scalable applications using elements of hadoop ecosystem.
determining feasibility and rapidly developing proof of concept code based on ideas that are produced from the data science team.
partnering with our engineering team to implement successful products into the riskiq platform.
work with our devops team to scale our data infrastructure.
creating new ways to extract interesting insights from existing research analysis.
analyzing, designing, developing, and testing of your projects to meet deadlines and exacting standards.

requirements

bs or higher in applied math, statistics, computer science, physics, or related field
senior developer with 6 years overall experience in java technologies and big data.
proven ability to build large, reliable, scalable infrastructure
4+ years of advanced, hands-on experience with the hadoop eco-system:

mapreduce
hive
mapr
hdfs
hbase
spark

strong sql experience to analyze, transform, and integrate high volume, complex data sources.
extensive knowledge of data infrastructure at both the physical and the logical level
excellent communication skills with the ability to identify and communicate data driven insights and technical approach through conversation, documentation, and presentation.
proficiency with the following:

job orchestration systems (e.g. oozie, luigi, airflow)
advanced file formats (e.g. parquet, avro, orc) 
stream processing systems (e.g. spark, storm, flink)
search engines (e.g. elasticsearch, solr, lucene)

desired experience with some of the following technologies: 

kafka
cassandra
redis
machine learning experience
amazon web services or other cloud-based providers/solutions


why work at riskiq?

fascinating work - welcome to the dark underbelly of the internet. we detect, expose, and investigate malware, exploit kits, botnets, affiliate fraud, advertising fraud, and illicit mobile apps, and much more. it is the golden age of internet crime, and we are at the forefront of defensive efforts to stem the tide.  internet security is a global growth industry, and the knowledge you acquire here will be a marketable skill for decades to come.
we’re a company on the forefront of a burgeoning industry - we've recently celebrated several new milestones headlined by 80% year-over-year growth revenue growth, the closing of $30.5 million in series c funding, and recognition by forrester in its forrester wave™: digital risk monitoring, q3 2016 report, which named riskiq a leader.
top leadership - our ceo is a renown cybersecurity veteran known for his expertise. our leadership group is poised and experienced with a track record in technology and cyber security.
unbounded opportunity - we are small, but we’re growing. at riskiq, you’ll be provided with as much responsibility as you can handle—new career development opportunities constantly arise given our rate of growth want to design a new data center from the ground up? architect a big data backend to increase our storage and analysis capabilities? these challenges are yours for the taking if you prove you're capable.
flexibility - you’ll have a large workload, but also the freedom to accomplish it on your own terms. riskiq has unlimited pto and flexible hours.

 







apply for this job

* required
        







first name *



last name *



email *



phone *




              location (city)
                *




resume/cv *


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 














cover letter


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 

















linkedin profile
    





website
    





how did you hear about this job? *








u.s. equal opportunity employment information (completion is voluntary)


  individuals seeking employment at riskiq are considered without regards
  to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical
  or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation. you are
  being given the opportunity to provide the following information in order to help us
  comply with federal and state equal employment opportunity/affirmative action record
  keeping, reporting, and other legal requirements.


  completion of the form is entirely voluntary. whatever your decision,
  it will not be considered in the hiring process or thereafter. any information that you
  do provide will be recorded and maintained in a confidential file.


gender
please selectmale
female
decline to self identify


are you hispanic/latino?
please selectyes
no
decline to self identify


please identify your race
please selectamerican indian or alaskan native
asian
black or african american
hispanic or latino
white
native hawaiian or other pacific islander
two or more races
decline to self identify


      race & ethnicity definitions


  if you believe you belong to any of the categories of protected veterans listed below,
  please indicate by making the appropriate selection.  as a government contractor
  subject to vietnam era veterans readjustment assistance act (vevraa), we request this
  information in order to measure the effectiveness of the outreach and positive
  recruitment efforts we undertake pursuant to vevraa. classification of protected
  categories is as follows:


  a "disabled veteran" is one of the following: a veteran of the u.s. military, ground,
  naval or air service who is entitled to compensation (or who but for the receipt of
  military retired pay would be entitled to compensation) under laws administered by the
  secretary of veterans affairs; or a person who was discharged or released from active
  duty because of a service-connected disability.


  a "recently separated veteran" means any veteran during the three-year period beginning
  on the date of such veteran's discharge or release from active duty in the u.s.
  military, ground, naval, or air service.


  an "active duty wartime or campaign badge veteran" means a veteran who served on active
  duty in the u.s. military, ground, naval or air service during a war, or in a campaign
  or expedition for which a campaign badge has been authorized under the laws
  administered by the department of defense.


  an "armed forces service medal veteran" means a veteran who, while serving on active
  duty in the u.s. military, ground, naval or air service, participated in a united
  states military operation for which an armed forces service medal was awarded pursuant
  to executive order 12985.


veteran status
please selecti am not a protected veteran
i identify as one or more of the classifications of a protected veteran
i don't wish to answer



form cc-305
omb control number 1250-0005
expires 1/31/2020

voluntary self-identification of disability
why are you being asked to complete this form?

  because we do business with the government, we must reach out to, hire, and provide
  equal opportunity to qualified people with disabilities1.  to help us
  measure how well we are doing, we are asking you to tell us if you have a disability or
  if you ever had a disability.  completing this form is voluntary, but we hope that you
  will choose to fill it out.  if you are applying for a job, any answer you give will be
  kept private and will not be used against you in any way.


  if you already work for us, your answer will not be used against you in any way.
  because a person may become disabled at any time, we are required to ask all of our
  employees to update their information every five years.  you may voluntarily
  self-identify as having a disability on this form without fear of any punishment
  because you did not identify as having a disability earlier.

how do i know if i have a disability?

  you are considered to have a disability if you have a physical or mental impairment or
  medical condition that substantially limits a major life activity, or if you have a
  history or record of such an impairment or medical condition.

disabilities include, but are not limited to:

blindness
deafness
cancer
diabetes
epilepsy
autism
cerebral palsy
hiv/aids
schizophrenia
muscular dystrophy
bipolar disorder
major depression
multiple sclerosis (ms)
missing limbs or partially missing limbs
post-traumatic stress disorder (ptsd)
obsessive compulsive disorder
impairments requiring the use of a wheelchair
intellectual disability (previously called mental retardation)


disability status
please selectyes, i have a disability (or previously had a disability)
no, i don't have a disability
i don't wish to answer

reasonable accommodation notice

  federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified
  individuals with disabilities. please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation
  to apply for a job or to perform your job.  examples of reasonable accommodation
  include making a change to the application process or work procedures, providing
  documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using
  specialized equipment.


1section 503 of the rehabilitation act of 1973, as amended.  for more
  information about this form or the equal employment obligations of federal contractors,
  visit the u.s. department of labor's office of federal contract compliance programs
  (ofccp) website at www.dol.gov/ofccp.


  public burden statement:  according to the paperwork reduction act of 1995 no persons
  are required to respond to a collection of information unless such collection displays
  a valid omb control number. this survey should take about 5 minutes to complete.








 



share this job:    













powered by 

 
      read our privacy policy
















