



job application for data science research & development - internship at civis analytics























          apply now
        
data science research & development - internship

        at civis analytics
      
(view all jobs)

        chicago, il 
      


are you passionate about model strategy and research design? do you want to learn from data scientists and have an immediate impact on our work? civis analytics is looking for an data science research and development intern to join our team!
civis analytics was born on the campaign trail, with ceo dan wagner and our founding members spearheading the 2012 obama for america analytics team. since then, our dc and chicago teams have been building software and growing rapidly among a steadily developing client base in education, energy, government, healthcare, media, nonprofits, and politics. it’s our mission to empower organizations to find truth and guide actions that will change their world for the better.
the data science research and development team is responsible for developing the fundamental data science methods, techniques, and best practices that power the mission of our company. our diverse work includes predictive analytics, algorithm development, experimental design, natural language processing, visualization, and survey research.
as an intern on our chicago-based research and development team, you will learn modeling strategy, research design, and software engineering from data scientists on the cutting edge of the field. you will work on collaborative projects through which you will make real contributions to the best practices that back our products and our consulting. to help you learn and succeed, you will be paired with a data scientist mentor from our team — we strive to grow the skills of our interns.
past interns have worked on a variety of projects including:

applications of neural network autoencoders on large, sparse datasets from social media, television viewership, and medical diagnostics
mcmc code development and bayesian statistical modeling of time series data from surveys
development of production code for resource optimization

we are looking for 2019 graduates only. our summer internships are a full-time, 10 week commitment with two start dates to accommodate both semester and quarter students. civis is looking for detail-oriented individuals from diverse backgrounds with demonstrated quantitative and problem-solving skills. we value creativity, hard work and on-the-job-excellence and offer competitive compensation and benefits packages. in compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the united states.
to learn more about our culture, check out civis analytics on the muse!
 
minimum qualifications

pursuing an undergraduate degree program in statistics, computer science, economics, physics or other quantitative field
experience using applied statistics or machine learning
proficiency with python or r
experience working with imperfect data
passion and eagerness to constantly learn and teach others

preferred qualifications

masters or phd student in statistics, computer science, economics, physics or other quantitative field

specialization in a particular area of statistics or machine learning, e.g. neural networks, markov chain monte carlo, network analysis, data engineering, natural language processing, optimization,  etc.







apply for this job

* required
        











(optional)

almost there! review your information then click 'submit application' to apply.



first name *



last name *



email *



phone *




              location (city)
                *




resume/cv *


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 














cover letter


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 















+ add another




linkedin profile
    





website
    





highest form of education? *






university *






major/area of concentration  *







how did you hear about this job? *






will you now or in the future require civis analytics to commence (“sponsor”) an immigration case in order to employ you (for example, h-1b or other employment-based immigration case)? this is sometimes called “sponsorship” for an employment-based visa status. *



--
yes
no


if the answer to above question is "yes," please specify the type of visa you currently have and its expiration date. if not applicable, please mark na. *








u.s. equal opportunity employment information (completion is voluntary)


  individuals seeking employment at civis analytics are considered without regards
  to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical
  or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation. you are
  being given the opportunity to provide the following information in order to help us
  comply with federal and state equal employment opportunity/affirmative action record
  keeping, reporting, and other legal requirements.


  completion of the form is entirely voluntary. whatever your decision,
  it will not be considered in the hiring process or thereafter. any information that you
  do provide will be recorded and maintained in a confidential file.


gender
please selectmale
female
decline to self identify


are you hispanic/latino?
please selectyes
no
decline to self identify


please identify your race
please selectamerican indian or alaskan native
asian
black or african american
hispanic or latino
white
native hawaiian or other pacific islander
two or more races
decline to self identify


      race & ethnicity definitions


  if you believe you belong to any of the categories of protected veterans listed below,
  please indicate by making the appropriate selection.  as a government contractor
  subject to vietnam era veterans readjustment assistance act (vevraa), we request this
  information in order to measure the effectiveness of the outreach and positive
  recruitment efforts we undertake pursuant to vevraa. classification of protected
  categories is as follows:


  a "disabled veteran" is one of the following: a veteran of the u.s. military, ground,
  naval or air service who is entitled to compensation (or who but for the receipt of
  military retired pay would be entitled to compensation) under laws administered by the
  secretary of veterans affairs; or a person who was discharged or released from active
  duty because of a service-connected disability.


  a "recently separated veteran" means any veteran during the three-year period beginning
  on the date of such veteran's discharge or release from active duty in the u.s.
  military, ground, naval, or air service.


  an "active duty wartime or campaign badge veteran" means a veteran who served on active
  duty in the u.s. military, ground, naval or air service during a war, or in a campaign
  or expedition for which a campaign badge has been authorized under the laws
  administered by the department of defense.


  an "armed forces service medal veteran" means a veteran who, while serving on active
  duty in the u.s. military, ground, naval or air service, participated in a united
  states military operation for which an armed forces service medal was awarded pursuant
  to executive order 12985.


veteran status
please selecti am not a protected veteran
i identify as one or more of the classifications of a protected veteran
i don't wish to answer



form cc-305
omb control number 1250-0005
expires 1/31/2020

voluntary self-identification of disability
why are you being asked to complete this form?

  because we do business with the government, we must reach out to, hire, and provide
  equal opportunity to qualified people with disabilities1.  to help us
  measure how well we are doing, we are asking you to tell us if you have a disability or
  if you ever had a disability.  completing this form is voluntary, but we hope that you
  will choose to fill it out.  if you are applying for a job, any answer you give will be
  kept private and will not be used against you in any way.


  if you already work for us, your answer will not be used against you in any way.
  because a person may become disabled at any time, we are required to ask all of our
  employees to update their information every five years.  you may voluntarily
  self-identify as having a disability on this form without fear of any punishment
  because you did not identify as having a disability earlier.

how do i know if i have a disability?

  you are considered to have a disability if you have a physical or mental impairment or
  medical condition that substantially limits a major life activity, or if you have a
  history or record of such an impairment or medical condition.

disabilities include, but are not limited to:

blindness
deafness
cancer
diabetes
epilepsy
autism
cerebral palsy
hiv/aids
schizophrenia
muscular dystrophy
bipolar disorder
major depression
multiple sclerosis (ms)
missing limbs or partially missing limbs
post-traumatic stress disorder (ptsd)
obsessive compulsive disorder
impairments requiring the use of a wheelchair
intellectual disability (previously called mental retardation)


disability status
please selectyes, i have a disability (or previously had a disability)
no, i don't have a disability
i don't wish to answer

reasonable accommodation notice

  federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified
  individuals with disabilities. please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation
  to apply for a job or to perform your job.  examples of reasonable accommodation
  include making a change to the application process or work procedures, providing
  documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using
  specialized equipment.


1section 503 of the rehabilitation act of 1973, as amended.  for more
  information about this form or the equal employment obligations of federal contractors,
  visit the u.s. department of labor's office of federal contract compliance programs
  (ofccp) website at www.dol.gov/ofccp.


  public burden statement:  according to the paperwork reduction act of 1995 no persons
  are required to respond to a collection of information unless such collection displays
  a valid omb control number. this survey should take about 5 minutes to complete.








 



share this job:    















        school name
          *






        degree
          *


high school
associate's degree
bachelor's degree
master's degree
master of business administration (m.b.a.)
juris doctor (j.d.)
doctor of medicine (m.d.)
doctor of philosophy (ph.d.)
engineer's degree
other



        discipline
          *


accounting
african studies
agriculture
anthropology
applied health services
architecture
art
asian studies
biology
business
business administration
chemistry
classical languages
communications & film
computer science
dentistry
developing nations
discipline unknown
earth sciences
economics
education
electronics
engineering
english studies
environmental studies
european studies
fashion
finance
fine arts
general studies
health services
history
human resources management
humanities
industrial arts & carpentry
information systems
international relations
journalism
languages
latin american studies
law
linguistics
manufacturing & mechanics
mathematics
medicine
middle eastern studies
naval science
north american studies
nuclear technics
operations research & strategy
organizational theory
philosophy
physical education
physical sciences
physics
political science
psychology
public policy
public service
religious studies
russian & soviet studies
scandinavian studies
science
slavic studies
social science
social sciences
sociology
speech
statistics & decision theory
urban studies
veterinary medicine



        start date
          *






        end date
          *









powered by 

 
      read our privacy policy
















