

uchicago jobs - applicant site : posting details




















skip to main content













home


search postings


create profile


login







                    uchicago

        




                    student employment

        




                    benefits

        




                    compensation

        




                    our setting

        




                    our employees

        




                    frequently asked questions

        




                    applicant definition

        




                    affirmative action/equal opportunity employer

        




                    job opportunities at the university of chicago medical center

        





posting details


return to search results



printer-friendly version











*the standard summary is designed to indicate the general nature and level of work performed by employees within this classification. it is not designed to contain or be interpreted as a comprehensive inventory of all duties and responsibilities required of employees assigned to this job.note: after applying for this position you will receive a confirmation number. if you do not see the confirmation number, you have not completed applying for the position.the university of chicago is an affirmative action/equal opportunity/disabled/veterans employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national or ethnic origin, age, status as an individual with a disability, protected veteran status, genetic information, or other protected classes under the law. for additional information please see the university's notice of nondiscrimination.   staff job seekers in need of a reasonable accommodation to complete the application process should submit a request via the  applicant   inquiry form  or call 773-702-5800.   the university of chicago's annual security & fire safety report provides information about university resources, statistics and policies, including: offices and programs that provide safety support; crime and fire statistics; emergency response and communications plans; and other policies and information. the report can be accessed online at: http://commonsense.uchicago.edu/. paper copies of the report are available, upon request, from the university of chicago, human resources, 773-834-2044, 6054 s. drexel avenue, chicago, il 60637.











position information










requisition number




	            		104101
		            
	            		 
				
            






departmental job title




	            		computational scientist
		            
	            		 
				
            






type of position




	            		staff
		            
	            		 
				
            






number of positions available




	            		1
		            
	            		 
				
            






division




	            		office of evp for research, innovation & ntnl labs
		            
	            		 
				
            






department




	            		85650-office of evp for research, innov & ntl labs
		            
	            		 
				
            






*standard summary





	            		 
				
            






about the unit




	            		the university of chicago research computing center (rcc), a unit in the office of the executive vice president for research, innovation and national laboratories (rinl), provides high-end research computing resources to researchers at the university of chicago. it is dedicated to enabling research by providing access to centrally managed high performance computing (hpc), storage, and visualization resources. these resources include hardware, software, high-level scientific and technical user support, and the education and training required to help researchers make full use of modern hpc technology and local and national supercomputing resources.  the office of the executive vice president for research and for national laboratories oversees the conduct of sponsored research, technology transfer, research program development, multi-institutional research institutes, national laboratory board, and contract management functions. rinl supports the development and coordination of research-related communications and educational programs at the university of chicago. rinl oversees the management of two department of energy contracts for argonne national laboratory and fermi national accelerator laboratory. when combined with the lab r&d budgets, the office oversees approximately $1.4 billion in sponsored research. rinl works closely with individual scholars, departments, and divisions to encourage, seed, and coalesce research across the university, argonne, and fermilab campuses.
		            
	            		 
				
            






unit job summary




	            		computational scientist; the research computing center (rcc) is seeking a highly motivated computational scientist to work closely with faculty and researchers in the social sciences division at the university of chicago.  the person in this position will serve as a technical domain expert in supporting and advising faculty on using high-end computing and machine learning techniques for big data analysis for their research and grant writing. the successful candidate will join a team of consultants who are playing a key role in the creation of a scientific computing support group at the university of chicago. essential functions include but are not limited to: -be a central knowledge resource for faculty and researchers in the social sciences division (ssd). -work closely with faculty in ssd to identify, develop, and implement useful computational methods and resources that support or advance their research. -assist in the implementation, development, and improvement of application software and methods that can be utilized in analyzing and interpreting data in the social sciences.  -assist with the compiling, debugging, optimizing, profiling and porting of codes on rcc compute and storage resources. -design tutorials, hands-on workshops, and documentation for researchers and students in the social sciences division with the help and coordination of other rcc staff. -organize seminars and meet-ups to expand and help bring together the emerging community of computational researchers in the ssd.  -keep abreast of new developments in computation social sciences and be pro-active in introducing them to the faculty. -help faculty with grant proposals by contributing sections of the proposal that describe the interplay between their research and high-end computing resources.  -assist researchers with data management implementations and compliance to funding agencies requirements. -dedicate a portion of time on research projects or activities for professional development, as approved.
		            
	            		 
				
            






education




	            		ph.d in computer science, statistics, applied mathematics or any other quantitative field required. ph.d. may be in process but degree must be conferred by september 1, 2018.
		            
	            		 
				
            






experience




	            		-proficiency with machine learning techniques and algorithms required. -must be able to understand and translate researchers' scientific goals into computational requirements required. -must be able to function as part of an interactive team while demonstrating self-initiative to achieve project's goals and research computing center's mission required. -broad programming skills to support analysis efforts in multiple programming environments required.  -numerical computing experience using statistical programming packages, such as python, matlab or r required. -fluency in data manipulation and analysis required.  -experience in a unix-based programing environment required. -proficiency with applied statistical skills, such as distributions, statistical testing, regression, etc. preferred. -experience in one or more programing languages (such as c++, c, fortran, etc.) preferred. -experience with data visualization tools, such as d3 or ggplot preferred. -parallel computing experience with mpi and openmp preferred. -familiarity with natural language processing (nlp) methods preferred. -exposure or experience in any of the following a plus: hadoop, pig, hive, sql coding, relational database structures and query techniques preferred.
		            
	            		 
				
            






competencies




	            		-excellent interpersonal, verbal, written, and presentation skills required. -ability to understand and translate researchers' scientific goals into computational requirements required. -ability to function as part of an interactive team while demonstrating self-initiative to achieve project's goals required. -strong analytical skills and problem solving ability required. -ability to work well with faculty and researchers required.
		            
	            		 
				
            






required job seeker documents




	            		resumecover letter
		            
	            		 
				
            






optional job seeker documents





	            		 
				
            






work location




	            		campus - hyde park
		            
	            		 
				
            






other work location





	            		 
				
            






work schedule




	            		full-time
		            
	            		 
				
            






hours/week




	            		37.5
		            
	            		 
				
            






if other than regular hours (m-f, 8:30-5:00) please detail




	            		regular
		            
	            		 
				
            






benefits eligible?




	            		yes
		            
	            		 
				
            






union (if applicable):




	            		non-union
		            
	            		 
				
            






pay grade




	            		na
		            
	            		 
				
            






pay range




	            		depends on qualifications
		            
	            		 
				
            






pay frequency




	            		monthly
		            
	            		 
				
            






does this position require incumbent to operate a vehicle on the job?




	            		no
		            
	            		 
				
            






is a background check required?




	            		yes
		            
	            		 
				
            






is drug testing required?




	            		no
		            
	            		 
				
            






employee referral bonus amount




	            		none
		            
	            		 
				
            






posting date




	            		11-30-2017
		            
	            		 
				
            






remove from posting on or before




	            		05-30-2018
		            
	            		 
				
            






return to search results









*the standard summary is designed to indicate the general nature and level of work performed by employees within this classification. it is not designed to contain or be interpreted as a comprehensive inventory of all duties and responsibilities required of employees assigned to this job.note: after applying for this position you will receive a confirmation number. if you do not see the confirmation number, you have not completed applying for the position.the university of chicago is an affirmative action/equal opportunity/disabled/veterans employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national or ethnic origin, age, status as an individual with a disability, protected veteran status, genetic information, or other protected classes under the law. for additional information please see the university's notice of nondiscrimination.   staff job seekers in need of a reasonable accommodation to complete the application process should submit a request via the  applicant   inquiry form  or call 773-702-5800.   the university of chicago's annual security & fire safety report provides information about university resources, statistics and policies, including: offices and programs that provide safety support; crime and fire statistics; emergency response and communications plans; and other policies and information. the report can be accessed online at: http://commonsense.uchicago.edu/. paper copies of the report are available, upon request, from the university of chicago, human resources, 773-834-2044, 6054 s. drexel avenue, chicago, il 60637.









for additional support, please visit http://peopleadminsupport.com/5-8/







