



job application for data scientist at mojio























          apply now
        
data scientist

        at mojio
      
(view all jobs)

        palo alto
      


 mojio: connected car cloud platform
want to be at the forefront of a highly scalable leading, connected car platform?
the team at mojio work together to bring real time data from your vehicle directly to the palm of your hand….and our r&d teams are in the front seat.
mojio is backed by deutsche telekom, amazon, relay ventures, 500 startups, bdc capital, and the bc tech fund. we are fast growth, fast-paced and technically-driven while remaining flexible and collaborative. after all, we’re disrupting one of the largest and most established industries in the world!
we launched with tmobile in the us in nov’16 and tmobile in czech republic in dec’16 which has led to unprecedented growth and a need to to expand our team. we are looking for star server/platform developers to help get our platform ready for its next phase of expansion.
who you are
as a data scientist at mojio you will be a part of new product features from conception through deployment. you will have the opportunity to apply your knowledge of statistics and your analytical skills to mine data at scale and develop large-scale machine learning (ml) models to reveal customer value in data. you will support feature prototyping, and utilize industry best practices to write production-grade code. you will build data pipelines, implement ml-based analytical algorithms, and work closely with our software development team to set up back-end systems and interfaces that will deliver the next-generation analytics.
specific job duties may include:

writing or modifying big data pipelines to process and mine historical time-series data
providing data insight from massive amounts of data using data cleaning, data visualization, and statistical analysis tools and techniques 
prototyping and validating advanced ml and deep learning (dl) models and algorithms that transform big data into actionable information
setting up and maintaining databases supporting analytics research and feature prototyping
writing production code to deliver analytics feature content as an internet-of-things (iot) solution 

required skills and experience:

an advanced degree (m.s. or ph.d) in computer science (cs), electrical engineering (ee), operation research (or) and optimization, physics, applied mathematics, or a comparable analytical field from an accredited institution --or—bachelors degree plus 5 years of relevant industry experience.
5+ years experience or demonstrated fluency with python and at least one other programming language (scala, java, c/c++/c# a plus)
expert in data mining, machine learning, deep learning, statistical modeling and data visualization techniques using data-oriented tools and languages such python, r, and matlab
2+ years experience writing sql-like as well as nosql queries and databases
experience dealing with large amounts of unstructured data (experience with gis data is a bonus) 
experience setting up and using large-scale distributed data-processing frameworks such as apache spark and hadoop map-reduce
experience working with enterprise-grade cloud computing platforms such as microsoft azure and amazon aws
demonstrated ability to develop high-quality code adhering to industry best practices (i.e., code review, unit tests, revision control)
experience designing experiments and collecting data for the purpose of deriving data analytics insights and solutions
understanding of error propagation and the limitations of data subject to measurement uncertainties
work/project history reflective of a self-motivated professional who excels when given open-ended problems and broadly-defined goals, having an innate desire to discover the patterns and relationships in data that can be leveraged to provide business value

all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, sex, color, religion, national origin, protected veteran status, gender identity, social orientation, nor on the basis of disability.
posted positions are not open to third party recruiters/agencies and unsolicited resume submissions will be considered free referrals.







apply for this job

* required
        











(optional)

almost there! review your information then click 'submit application' to apply.



first name *



last name *



email *



phone *




              location (city)
                *




resume/cv *


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 














cover letter


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 

















linkedin profile
    





website
    





how did you hear about this job? *







  indeed



  glassdoor



  linkedin



  caljobs






u.s. equal opportunity employment information (completion is voluntary)


  individuals seeking employment at mojio are considered without regards
  to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical
  or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation. you are
  being given the opportunity to provide the following information in order to help us
  comply with federal and state equal employment opportunity/affirmative action record
  keeping, reporting, and other legal requirements.


  completion of the form is entirely voluntary. whatever your decision,
  it will not be considered in the hiring process or thereafter. any information that you
  do provide will be recorded and maintained in a confidential file.


gender
please selectmale
female
decline to self identify


are you hispanic/latino?
please selectyes
no
decline to self identify


please identify your race
please selectamerican indian or alaskan native
asian
black or african american
hispanic or latino
white
native hawaiian or other pacific islander
two or more races
decline to self identify


      race & ethnicity definitions


  if you believe you belong to any of the categories of protected veterans listed below,
  please indicate by making the appropriate selection.  as a government contractor
  subject to vietnam era veterans readjustment assistance act (vevraa), we request this
  information in order to measure the effectiveness of the outreach and positive
  recruitment efforts we undertake pursuant to vevraa. classification of protected
  categories is as follows:


  a "disabled veteran" is one of the following: a veteran of the u.s. military, ground,
  naval or air service who is entitled to compensation (or who but for the receipt of
  military retired pay would be entitled to compensation) under laws administered by the
  secretary of veterans affairs; or a person who was discharged or released from active
  duty because of a service-connected disability.


  a "recently separated veteran" means any veteran during the three-year period beginning
  on the date of such veteran's discharge or release from active duty in the u.s.
  military, ground, naval, or air service.


  an "active duty wartime or campaign badge veteran" means a veteran who served on active
  duty in the u.s. military, ground, naval or air service during a war, or in a campaign
  or expedition for which a campaign badge has been authorized under the laws
  administered by the department of defense.


  an "armed forces service medal veteran" means a veteran who, while serving on active
  duty in the u.s. military, ground, naval or air service, participated in a united
  states military operation for which an armed forces service medal was awarded pursuant
  to executive order 12985.


veteran status
please selecti am not a protected veteran
i identify as one or more of the classifications of a protected veteran
i don't wish to answer



form cc-305
omb control number 1250-0005
expires 1/31/2020

voluntary self-identification of disability
why are you being asked to complete this form?

  because we do business with the government, we must reach out to, hire, and provide
  equal opportunity to qualified people with disabilities1.  to help us
  measure how well we are doing, we are asking you to tell us if you have a disability or
  if you ever had a disability.  completing this form is voluntary, but we hope that you
  will choose to fill it out.  if you are applying for a job, any answer you give will be
  kept private and will not be used against you in any way.


  if you already work for us, your answer will not be used against you in any way.
  because a person may become disabled at any time, we are required to ask all of our
  employees to update their information every five years.  you may voluntarily
  self-identify as having a disability on this form without fear of any punishment
  because you did not identify as having a disability earlier.

how do i know if i have a disability?

  you are considered to have a disability if you have a physical or mental impairment or
  medical condition that substantially limits a major life activity, or if you have a
  history or record of such an impairment or medical condition.

disabilities include, but are not limited to:

blindness
deafness
cancer
diabetes
epilepsy
autism
cerebral palsy
hiv/aids
schizophrenia
muscular dystrophy
bipolar disorder
major depression
multiple sclerosis (ms)
missing limbs or partially missing limbs
post-traumatic stress disorder (ptsd)
obsessive compulsive disorder
impairments requiring the use of a wheelchair
intellectual disability (previously called mental retardation)


disability status
please selectyes, i have a disability (or previously had a disability)
no, i don't have a disability
i don't wish to answer

reasonable accommodation notice

  federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified
  individuals with disabilities. please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation
  to apply for a job or to perform your job.  examples of reasonable accommodation
  include making a change to the application process or work procedures, providing
  documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using
  specialized equipment.


1section 503 of the rehabilitation act of 1973, as amended.  for more
  information about this form or the equal employment obligations of federal contractors,
  visit the u.s. department of labor's office of federal contract compliance programs
  (ofccp) website at www.dol.gov/ofccp.


  public burden statement:  according to the paperwork reduction act of 1995 no persons
  are required to respond to a collection of information unless such collection displays
  a valid omb control number. this survey should take about 5 minutes to complete.








 



share this job:    













powered by 

 
      read our privacy policy

















