


















 arm - graduate data scientist - san jose ca 95134








search for careers
arm careers


search for careers
our culture
our impact
experienced
early careers
students








×

employment


categories


country






students/interns
contractors
consultants
temporary
graduate
experienced professionals




category 1
category 2
category 3
category 4
category 5
category 6




country 1
country 2
country 3
country 4
country 5






search






careers at arm












send this job to a friend                


view my account        


recruitment enquiries & support




recently viewed jobs




string resource not found: cp.rd.widget.alwayslooking.header




















job details







graduate data scientist








job id #:
12266 
job category:
information technology 
employment type:
graduates 
division:
administration 
department:
information technology  




primary country:
usa 
primary location:
san jose (ca) 











share:



 











apply with linkedin        









we are an equal opportunity employer and do not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, sex, age, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, status as a veteran, and basis of disability or any other federal, state or local protected class.




job description
about the rolearm designs the technology that sits at the heart of the connected world, from smartphones and tablets, to servers and infrastructure and into the internet of things. information is arm's second most valuable asset, after its people. the data science team is part of the rapidly growing information management group, which ensures this information captured, stored and used wisely. we are dedicated to developing cutting edge data-driven applications, aiding decision-making and fostering a data science community.we have recently expanded the team from cambridge uk, to the bay area and are looking for talented data scientists to help us shape the future of data science at arm. if you are curious, excited about turning data into insights and keen to drive the business forward, we want to hear from you.your primary focus will be on consulting with business partners, performing statistical analysis and building high quality machine learning systems. this is a global role, working with people around the world on both engineering and business projects. you will work closely with teams in iot, business strategy, marketing, high performance computing and research.




job requirements
what skills, experience, and qualifications do i need?doctorate or masters degree required (mathematics, statistics, computer science, physics, economics, life sciences, etc.) or equivalent experienceability to rapidly prototype and deploy data science solutions in pythonability to gather and manipulate both small and large datasets using sql and nosql queriesapplied statistics skills, such as hypothesis testing, regression, classification and clusteringexcellent understanding of machine learning techniques and algorithms. a few of our favourites are gaussian processes, bayesian hierarchical models, random forests and lstmsthe ability to communicate clearly with business and engineering teams with a focus on driving impactexperience with (or willingness to learn) common data science toolkits such as pandas, scikit-learn, tensorflow, nltk, networkx, h2o, sparkexperience with (or willingness to learn) data visualisation tools and web technologies, such as tableau, d3.js, etc.nice to haveability to develop and deploy web-apps (flask, django, javascript, docker, etc)good understanding of software development workflow, such as git usage, unit testing, software design and architecture principlesexperience with any of the following:natural language processingbayesian statisticsmulti-objective optimisationreinforcement learningwhat are the desired behaviours for this role?at arm, we are proud to have a set of behaviours that reflect our unique culture and guide our decisions, defining how we work together to defy ordinary and shape extraordinary. these behaviours are assessed as part of the recruitment process:partner and customer focus – your tendency to put your partners and customers first in all that you do by understanding their needs and striving to achieve win-win solutions.collaboration and communication – your ability to forge lasting relationships which are built upon mutual trust, open communication and sharing of information and success.creativity and innovation – possessing a passion for driving continuous improvement through spotting opportunities and seeking the views of others.team and personal development – you take time to drive your own development, whilst also encouraging team members and partners to do the same.impact and influence – you listen to different perspectives, evaluate, persuade and carefully shape your work to deliver truly impactful results.deliver on your promises – you demonstrate a can-do attitude and you drive to overcome obstacles, acting with a sense of urgency because you’re passionate about what you do.




benefits
your particular benefits package will depend on position and type of employment and may be subject to change. your package will be confirmed on offer of employment. arm’s benefits program provides permanent employees with the opportunity to stay innovative and healthy, ensure the wellness of their families, and create a positive working environment.
annual bonus plan
discretionary cash awards
401(k), 100% matching on first 6% eligible earnings
medical, dental & vision, 100% coverage for employee only, shared cost for dependents
basic life and accidental death and dismemberment insurance (ad&d)
short term (std) and long term (ltd) disability insurance
vacation, 20 days per year with option to buy 5 more.
holidays, 13 days per year
sabbatical, 20 paid days every four-years of service
sick leave, 7 days per year
volunteering, four hours per month (teamarm)
office location dependent: café on site, fitness facilities, team and social events 
additional benefits include: flexible spending accounts for health and dependent care, eap, health advocate, business travel accident program & commuter programs.

arm, inc. (usa) participates in e-verify.  for more information, please refer to www.dhs.gov/e-verify
 



about arm

arm® technology is at the heart of a computing and connectivity revolution that is transforming the way people live and businesses operate. from the unmissable to the invisible; our advanced, energy-efficient processor designs are enabling the intelligence in 86 billion silicon chips and securely powering products from the sensor to the smartphone to the supercomputer. with more than 1,000 technology partners including the world’s most famous business and consumer brands, we are driving arm innovation into all areas compute is happening inside the chip, the network and the cloud.

with offices around the world, arm is a diverse community of dedicated, innovative and highly talented professionals. by enabling an inclusive, meritocratic and open workplace where all our people can grow and succeed, we encourage our people to share their unique contributions to arm's success in the global marketplace.
 



about the office

    the arm san jose office is nestled in california's silicon valley, just south of san francisco. serving as arm’s north america headquarters, the office houses employees serving all divisions of arm. world-renowned stanford university is seen as a hub of innovation, helping to make san jose one of the us’s fastest growing cities.



  san jose, california usa  
 arm inc.
         150 rose orchard way
         san jose, ca 95134-1358
        



see on google maps




 






related jobs san jose (ca)





related jobs information technology














products

processors
multimedia
physical ip
development tools
security on arm
system ip
technologies
internet of things solutions
buying guide



support

contact support
self-service resources
training
support & maintenance
active assist
arm accredited engineer program
university program



community

arm connected community
social media
mailing list subscriptions
rss updates



markets

internet of things (iot)
home
mobile
wearables
embedded
infrastructure
arm educational partnership



about

company profile
investors
trademarks
newsroom
events



careers

search careers
careers account
our culture
our impact
experienced
early careers
students





find us on linkedin
facebook
find us on glassdoor
follow us on twitter
find us on google plus
find us on youtube
find us on instagram
find us on pinterest





terms of use
privacy
cookies

all rights reserved. ©arm ltd. 1995 - 2015


jobdetails




