














career opportunities: data scientist (103341) 



























javascript is turned off in your web browser. turn it on to take full advantage of this site, then refresh the page.

loading...






powered by successfactors




                              sign in



















career opportunities: data scientist (103341)



















requisition id 103341 - posted 08/22/2017 - regular - cmo - analytics - redwood city - california - united states - americas



 &nbspjob description print preview









	                  apply
	                 
	         	 
              







	                  save job
	                





	                  email job to friend
	                





                  return to list
                







 



 
 
the data scientist position is part of the data science team within the global analytics and insights group in electronic art’s global marketing organization.   a successful candidate will use his or her expertise in applied machine learning to drive critical decisions in a cross-functional environment.  for a more senior candidate there will be opportunities for project management and mentoring of junior data scientists.   
 
responsibilities
 

research, design, implement and validate models and cutting edge algorithms to analyze diverse sources of data. 
use big data technologies to scale predictive models to millions of players.
manage and deliver business-driving analytical projects.
develop tools and libraries for the broader analytics group.
communicate actionable results and findings derived from data throughout the organization in a clear, concise way
collaborate with other areas of the business on long-term projects
learn, implement and share new methodologies.

 
attributes
 

eager to use data for insights and has a demonstrated passion for applying data science to make business critical decisions and recommendations.
hypothesis driven – uses data to test ideas rigorously and objectively.
able to create compelling communication for executives.
strong programming skills and a passion for data science.
flexible and adaptable while maintaining positive attitude
self starter with passion, energy, enthusiasm to drive results and affect meaningful change
views challenges as opportunities; tenacious and focused
solution oriented, creative problem solver
a team player who is able to work collaboratively within the group and across business units/functions
ability to execute multiple projects and drive key business results under tight deadlines.

 
background
 

master’s degree required, preferred in computer science
demonstrated experience applying data science methodologies to real world problems.
experience in scaling up smaller projects and sharing work collaboratively across a wider team.   
expert status in analyzing extremely large, complex, multi-dimensional data sets with a variety of tools

strong programming experience in a system programming language such as c/c++ or java.
familiarity with at least one scripting language: r, python, or scala.
experience using sql to query databases.


experience with any of the following is a big plus:

big data technologies such as hadoop, mapreduce, hive, pig
model production in spark
application deployment using aws, virtual machines, or docker


sufficient data warehouse and non-relational data techniques knowledge to work effectively with engineering partners.
ability to communicate insights using powerpoint, word and excel to technical and non-technical audiences

*li-ac1
what’s in it for you? glad you asked!
 
we love to brag about our great perks like comprehensive health and benefit packages, tuition reimbursement, 401k company match and, of course, many other perks! and since we realize it takes world-class people to make world-class games, we offer competitive compensation packages and a culture that thrives off of creativity and individuality. at ea, we live the “work hard/play hard” credo every day.
 
more about our location: https://www.ea.com/careers/careers-overview/redwood-shores
 
contact our recruiter: andrew courtemanche - acourtemanche@ea.com
 
ea is an equal opportunity employer. all employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, national origin, ancestry, sex, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, age, genetic information, religion, disability, medical condition, pregnancy, marital status, family status or veteran status. we will also consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal records in accordance with applicable law.






 









	                  apply
	                 
	           	
              







	                  save job
	                





	                  email job to friend
	                





                  return to list
                






















email this job to a friend





 








 


 



the job has been sent to
          


 



please provide the information below



job title:
        




*your email address:
        




*your friend's email address:
        



message:
        
         






verification code:
        





*please enter the verification code here:
        














send
            




cancel
            



















