
decision scientist | facebook careers







jump tosections of this pageaccessibility helppress alt + / to open this menufacebookemail or phonepasswordforgot account?sign upwork at facebookteamslocationsuniversity studentsbenefitsfacebook lifeour communitydata & analyticsmenlo parkdecision scientist(menlo park, ca) facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at facebook are builders at heart. our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. together, we can help people build stronger communities — we're just getting started. the marketing team focuses on building facebook brand presence, improving user sentiment and product education.  it is an exciting time at facebook marketing because understanding people and connecting them to facebook and our products (and vice versa) is crucial for future growth.  we are seeking a talented analyst who thrives at the intersection of data, marketing, product and engineering.  the successful candidate will support all things marketing at facebook to help us make better decisions.  the ideal candidate will have strong technical and analytical background – with a hunger to make significant business impact by owning and driving business outcomes.  strong time management and communication skills are critical, and a passion for facebook is a must.responsibilitiespartner with marketing, research and product organizations to design, execute, measure and improve the impact of marketing effortstranslate data insights into actions and recommendations that will drive brand sentiment, user growth and engagement, and marketing effectivenessdevelop quantitative analysis, ad hoc reports, and models to support marketing decision making. analysis areas might include (but not limited to): retention, lifetime value, messaging, promotions, usage and engagement.produce visuals (charts, infographics) and presentations to clearly and effectively communicate findings to internal stakeholders.design and implement reporting dashboards that track key metrics and performance trends, and provide actionable insights to marketing leadership.analyze and maintain marketing metrics to identify cause-effect relationships between marketing actions and behavioral & attitudinal outcomes.minimum qualifications5+ years of experience in data analysis.statistical and data analysis/modeling skills (e.g. significance testing, regression modeling, etc.)direct experience working with data-setsexperience using spss, sas, r, matlab, or similar statistical packagesexperience with python, hadoop/hive, & sqlability to thrive in an environment and collaborate with different individuals and organizationscommunication skills.preferred qualificationsmaster's or doctorate degree in psychology, statistics, economics, behavioral or social science or a related quantitative fieldmba or management consulting experienceapply facebook is proud to be an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. we do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, genetic information, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. we also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law.  if you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, you may contact us at accommodations-ext@fb.com or you may call us at +1 650-308-7837. applyplease limit to 3 applications.other positions in product marketingbrand marketing quantitative researcher(menlo park)decision scientist(menlo park)localization manager, seattle(seattle)back to all jobs
 facebook © 2017english (us)about uscompany infoour facebook pagenewsroomcareershow tohelp centerprivacy basicscreate a pagecreate an adour policiesdata policyterms and policiescookiesmore resourcesfamily safety centerfacebook for businessfacebook for developers








