




data scientist - advanced analytics

























search for more jobs
forward this job to a friend

apply by email without registering
apply by creating/using  account



 


sign in


            language
        


                english
            


                français
            

                español
            










from:




to:



subject:



message:















ok
cancel
























email:



password:



forgot your password?
log in











please enter your registered email address, and we'll email you a link to reset your password right away.

your email






ok








from




subject



resume





browse





browse




browse







message





how were you referred to us? 









ok
cancel






























				previous
			


data scientist - advanced analytics





			next
		





ref no.:
17-02982

location: 
beaverton, oregon





at excell™, you’re more than just a number. our employee relationship managers support you throughout your engagement, provide career guidance and reemployment assistance. join excell™
 
our client is the world’s most recognized sportswear corporation seeking a data scientist who will directly shape the future of advanced analytics by delving deeper into our data, gaining insights from it, developing solutions, and presenting recommendations to senior leaders.
 
you will also learn how to lead high-visibility cross-functional projects and implementation of capabilities such as predictive analytics tools and solutions, data visualization, and building an advanced analytics platform. you will work on high visibility, relevant, and influential questions and opportunities that will help surpass its growth targets.
 
as a data scientist, you will collaborate with a team of data scientists, solutions delivery managers, engineers, and business stakeholders to enhance and execute high-impact advanced analytics solutions across the north america organization. you will employ advanced data modeling and forecasting techniques to explore strategic business opportunities and to prescribe actionable recommendations to leverage those opportunities. you will also play a pivotal role in elevating our advanced analytics capabilities.
 
ideal candidates will have a strong academic background as well as technical skills including applied statistics, machine learning, data mining, and software development. familiarity working with large-scale datasets and big data techniques would be a plus.
 
the role is perfect for a team player with very strong advanced analytics experience, drive, curiosity, and exceptional communication skills. you know how to rise above the numbers and explain the essential insights to business users, and you instinctively minimize complexity to focus on results. while you rely on data to prove your point, you love to think outside the box and solve problems creatively. you thrive in a fast-paced entrepreneurial environment, and you are excited by the challenge of building something from the ground up. as part of this role, you will be expected and encouraged to keep your advanced analytics skills sharp and current, and will have the opportunity to work the full development lifecycle of putting analytics solutions into production.
 
qualifications:

phd (+2 year experience) or ms (+5-7 year experience) in a quantitative field (statistics, economics, advanced analytics, operations research, applied mathematics, decision sciences, computer science, engineering, and other relevant quantitative fields
very strong technical and analytical skillset (r, python, sql, tableau, predictive analytics, forecasting, data mining, machine learning, text analytics, algorithm designs, bayesian methods etc.)
proven ability to sift through data, identify critical information, develop hypotheses, perform rigorous analyses, and make recommendations to broader audiences
excellent written and verbal communication skills, including superior presentation skills
prior experience synthesizing and packaging complex analyses and delivering results to non-technical audiences including senior leadership teams
demonstrated ability to use data to influence strategic decision making
familiarity with agile development methodologies 


w2 only, no corp to corp. we are unable to sponsor h1b visas at this time. **excell™ supports equal employment opportunity** excell™, a division of compucom® systems, inc., a global company headquartered in bellevue, washington, provides it staffing services and solutions to fortune 1000 companies as well as small and medium business. for more information, visit www.excell.com.
 
	



apply by creating/using  account















ok





