

fujimi corporation











































 





login / register
								      
				





google+
linkedin
twitter
facebook
mail




fujimi corporation










products
services
about fujimi











fujimi products



browse/search fujimi products 


lapping & grindingpolishinglappingpolishing padsspecialty products 



thermal spray materialschemical mechanical planarizationcontract manufacturing 





fujimi services

 


fujimi services overviewnew business developmentresearch and developmentquality assurance and controltechnical support 


engineeringvalue added services 




about fujimi



about fujimi overviewfujimi global networkcareersnews and relevant informationupcoming fujimi events 


fujimi historysustainability at fujimicommunity involvementfrequently asked questionscorporate information 


reporting ethics, legal, or other concerns 


















home > 
careers > 
research scientist - new business development








research scientist - new business development
apply now
posted october 19, 2017where tualatin, oregon









department



					new business development



job status



					full time





flsa status



					exempt



reports to



					director, research & development





grade/level


				 


amount of travel required



					3-5%





job type


				 


positions supervised



					none





work schedule: 



					monday - friday



relocation:



					none





position summary

	the research scientist conducts independent research to provide a new process or technical advantage that allows fujimi to expand in new market opportunities. the scientist will identify and solve gaps related to new or unfamiliar processes and identify and explore technical advantages that fujimi has in providing products or services in existing or new business opportunities. this position is responsible for evaluating technical and marketplace information to determine the viability of a new product or service that fujimi may expand in new market developments or opportunities.

essential functions

reasonable accommodations statement

	to perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. reasonable accommodations may be made to enable qualified individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

essential functions statement(s)


		ability to generate innovative ideas and applying creative concepts to new products. 

		diverse background in milling and/or classification of ceramics. 

		results oriented with the ability to set goals and then plan and execute them in a timely manner. 

		ability to plan, organize and execute multiple and complex research projects. 

		conduct experiments, instrumental analysis, interpret data, recommend and prepare statistical and narrative reports and report on findings. 

		present research results for parent company and share input on proposals and ideas for products and other tasks for the r&d group. 

		support and implement new r&d policies and procedures. will conduct and support all raw material, in-process and finished product release testing requirements. 

		performs other duties as assigned.      


position qualifications

competency statement(s)


		accountability - ability to accept responsibility and account for his/her actions. 

		analytical skills - ability to use thinking and reasoning to solve a problem. 

		autonomy - ability to work independently with minimal supervision. 

		communication, written - ability to communicate in writing clearly and concisely. 

		conceptual thinking - ability to think in terms of abstract ideas. 

		creative - ability to think in such a way as to produce a new concept or idea. 

		deductive reasoning - ability to apply principles of logical or scientific thinking to a wide range of intellectual and practical problems. 

		detail oriented - ability to pay attention to the minute details of a project or task. 

		goal oriented - ability to focus on a goal and obtain a pre-determined result. 

		initiative - ability to make decisions or take actions to solve a problem or reach a goal. 

		judgment - the ability to formulate a sound decision using the available information. 

		organized - possessing the trait of being organized or following a systematic method of performing a task. 

		presentation skills - ability to effectively present information publicly. 

		project management - ability to organize and direct a project to completion. 

		research skills - ability to design and conduct a systematic, objective, and critical investigation. 

		systems analysis - ability to determine how a system should work and how changes in conditions, operations, and the environment will affect outcomes. 

		technical aptitude - ability to comprehend complex technical topics and specialized information.  .    


skills & abilities





education



					master's degree required, field of study: chemistry, material science, or other closely related field.





experience



					5 plus years of experience in research development preferably within the manufacturing industry.





computer skills



					proficiency in microsoft office, statistics software such as statistica or jmp.





certificates & licenses


				 




other requirements


				 




other physical requirements



					ability to wear personal protective equipment (ppe) (safety glass, hearing protection).





work environment



					works primarily in a lab and office environment with occasional exposure to manufacturing and warehouse areas. extended daily and weekly work hours. may require travel and occasional evening meetings.





physical demands





n (not applicable)



					activity is not applicable to this position.





o (occasionally)



					position requires this activity up to 33% of the time (0 - 2.5+ hrs/day)





f (frequently)



					position requires this activity from 33% - 66% of the time (2.5 - 5.5+ hrs/day)





c (constantly)



					position requires this activity more than 66% of the time (5.5+ hrs/day)





	 





physical demands



lift/carry





					stand



					f



					10 lbs or less



					o





					walk



					f



					11-20 lbs



					o





					sit



					f



					21-50 lbs



					o





					manually manipulate



					f



					51-100 lbs



					o





					reach outward



					f



					over 100 lbs



					o





					reach above shoulder



					f



push/pull





					climb



					o



					12 lbs or less



					o





					crawl



					n



					13-25 lbs



					o





					squat or kneel



					o



					26-40 lbs



					o





					bend



					f



					41-100 lbs



					o





					grasp



					o



					 



					 





					speak



					f



					 



					 





the company has reviewed this job description to ensure that essential functions and basic duties have been included. it is intended to provide guidelines for job expectations and the employee's ability to perform the position described. it is not intended to be construed as an exhaustive list of all functions, responsibilities, skills and abilities. additional functions and requirements may be assigned by supervisors as deemed appropriate. this document does not represent a contract of employment, and the company reserves the right to change this job description and/or assign tasks for the employee to perform, as the company may deem appropriate.




back to career list









 customer access
 products
 services
 about fujimi









fujimi corporation
				11200 sw leveton drive,tualatin, oregon 97062 
				ph. (503) 682.7822
				fax. (503) 612.9721
get directions > 



aboutcareerscontact usloginpo terms & conditionsprivacy policyproductsreporting ethics, legal, or other concernsservicessitemapsupportterms & conditions 



			© copyright 2012 fujimi corporation. all right reserved
			
			visit our parent company fujimi incorporated



google+
linkedin
twitter
facebook







