

	site reliability engineer #460154 portland






 

















view all jobs


company web site








about lithium
build software. reach 500 million users. change lives. that’s what we’re doing at lithium. and you can do it, too. if you want to put your stamp on the digital customer space and enjoy yourself along the way, come join the team. we’re looking for seriously passionate, fun, collaborative & innovative thinkers to help us change the world.





view all jobs
site reliability engineer








×
email this job






your first name



your last name




your e-mail address



e-mail address to share with

subject

message










 send e-mail
close






 portland



apply



























×
employee referral





tell us who you are


first name
last name
e-mail address



                                please complete all 3 fields.
                            




how do you want to share?















close







company information
lithium offers a great working environment and competitive compensation and benefits packages. we're looking for fast-thinking, innovative, passionate team players who enjoy brainstorming new ideas, working with the best and brightest in the social media software industry.
at lithium we encourage our employees to be real. in keeping with this philosophy, we appreciate diversity and welcome all qualified applicants regardless of race, religion, sex, age, national origin, sexual orientation, disability, veteran status, genetic information or criminal history.

job description

site reliability engineer (tooling) 
about lithium
lithium technologies is an award winning privately held venture-backed company garnering social crm market leadership from both gartner and forrester. lithium builds trusted relationships between the world’s best brands and their customers, helping people get answers and share their experiences. customers rely on our software platform to help them connect, engage and understand their total community.  in a world of extreme expectations lithium technologies has allowed our customers like airbnb, at&t, best buy, fitbit, sephora, skype, google, gopro and virgin atlantic meet the ever-growing expectations of their customer base by allowing them and drive the conversation through unique vibrant lithium powered communities.
 
responsibilities 

building and managing build and deploy 
designing and developing tools and processes to maintain large applications and services at scale
helping our engineers and data scientists build software that scales in terms of performance and stability
ruthlessly identifying and removing system bottlenecks before they ever impact performance
working side by side with on-call engineers to handle emergencies and then running postmortems to ensure they don’t happen in the future


establishing best practices inside the organization, proving that they work and then bringing them to other teams at lithium
    requirements



2+ years of experience as a sre or software engineer
fluency in java and understanding of jvm
proficiency with linux/unix operating systems
ability to articulate technical issues in a concise manner
bs in computer science or equivalent experience
experience with highly scalable web applications


passionate about customer outcomes
     
preferred



experience with mysql, redis, elasticsearch
experience with cloud services
experience with scripting languages: bash or python
experience with deploying and maintaining services


experience with open source projects

 
why you should join our team 
lithium offers a great working environment and competitive compensation and benefits package. we're looking for fast-thinking, innovative, passionate team players who enjoy brainstorming new ideas, work with the best and brightest in the social media software industry. build software. reach 500 million users. change lives. that’s what we’re doing at lithium. and you can do it, too. if you want to put your stamp on the digital customer space and enjoy yourself along the way, come join the team.
skills & requirements

qualifications






 
 


powered by hirebridge











