


		data engineer -		focuskpi inc. - 		job board
	










































 


go to our website »












« go back to job listings


data engineer



location: san francisco, ca		

type: contracted		

min. experience: mid level		





focuskpi, inc. is looking for a data engineer to work for our client in san francisco,, ca. this is a contract position with a negotiable rate.
duties:

help define and drive roadmap for delivery of usage analytics to business stakeholders
work with product and business teams to understand data needs, provide in-depth analysis support and share associated business insights
perform regular ad-hoc data querying and analysis to better understand customer behaviors including acquisition, engagement, conversion and retention
gather, synthesize and interpret disparate quantitative information sources, develop meaningful insights and clearly disseminating to key stakeholders
create and update regular reporting based on a variety of data sources
understand, monitor, qa, translate, collaborate with business stakeholders to ensure on-going data quality

skills:

at least 1+ years of mobile and web analytics exp. 
experience in a software product company working on saas related metrics and dashboards is strongly preferred.
a strong proficiency in querying and manipulating large data sets for analytical purposes using sql-like languages (hive / impala experience preferred)
advanced excel and powerpoint skills, including use of the powerpivot add-in
familiarity with big data platforms such as hadoop and amazon redshift
python knowledge is strongly preferred.
experience with data visualization tools such as tableau
good attention to detail and ability to qa multiple data sources
desired experience in developing and implementing a full range of analytic techniques resulting from the application of business analytics, statistical models, segmentation techniques, and optimization techniques

thank you for applying!
focuskpi hiring team 
 
about focuskpi:     
focuskpi inc. is an analytics consulting business providing solutions such as crm customization, risk management, business intelligence, advanced/operational/web/digital analytics as well as human resources for our clients.





 

 

 





forward this position




				recipient email address (one)
			

 



				your name
			

 



				your email address
			

 



				enter a message (optional)
			

 




  




« go back to job listings













			apply for this position		

			* required fields
		















first name*





last name*





email address*





location 





phone number*





resume*


attach resume or
					paste resume





						attach resume as .pdf, .doc, or .docx (limit 2mb) or
						paste resume



 




						paste your resume here or
						attach resume file



 



cover letter*





in 150 characters or fewer, tell us what makes you unique. try to be creative and say something that will catch our eye!*





human check*
























 






