



splunk careers - data scientist



























 












                                                    splunk careers                                            







                data scientist
    
    

                            engineering            
                    san francisco,
                            california
                
                        



        apply
    



splunk’s guild of data science has been tasked with helping splunk build smarter software and make data-driven decisions. while our mission is broad, individual guild members are involved in a subset of the efforts described below. we offer the flexibility to align your involvement with one or more efforts that interest you.key responsibilities:you understand various types of datayou will closely interact with the research team as well as product management to derive requirements for how the data should be processed and what we are looking foryou will research, evaluate and implement statistical methods to track metricsquick prototyping and evaluation of multiple solutions using frameworks like python/sparkimplementation of the solutions in a product environmentyou will derive data insights and bring them back to the product management teamyou will strive to find the best ways to visualize the data and the resultsyou will interact with various teams and areas throughout the product organization to collect feedback, improve the backlog, and define best practices for machine learning related matters.you will work as a traveler to help teams design features and products that are data-driven and/or rely on machine learning and statistics, assure the quality of the outcome, and actively participate in knowledge transfer.you will derive data insights and bring them back to the product management team.you will stay current on industrial and research trends, positioning, and customer needs.you will advocate for data science and machine learning through engaging with the external data science community and/or contributing to technical blogs.you will contribute to splunk’s privacy and compliance efforts.you will build and maintain a data repository and documentation standards.required experience/skills & education:you have expertise in statistical analysis tools such as r, stata, weka, matlab - requiredyou have experience in spark/mllib specifically an added plusyou have the ability to code in java or scala, or pythonyou have experience working with large datasets, preferably using tools like sql, hadoop, mapreduce, pig, hive. – preferredyou have experience with graph mining and graph algorithms an added plus, even more so knowledge of graphxmath, statistics or cs background with emphasis in machine learning - requiredwhat we offer you:a constant stream of new things for you to learn. we're always expanding into new areas, bringing in open source projects and contributing back, and exploring new technologies.a set of exceptionally talented and dedicated peers, all the way from engineering and qa to product management and customer support.a stable, collaborative and supportive work environment.we don't expect people to work 12 hour days. we want you to have a successful time outside of work too. want to work from home sometimes? no problem. we trust our colleagues to be responsible with their time and dedication, and believe that balance helps cultivate an extraordinary environment.we are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. we do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status




        apply
    

        apply later    


            ← back to current openings        




share





linkedin




facebook




twitter




email






similar jobs





                                    {{ job.title }}
                                









about splunk

splunk was founded to pursue a disruptive new vision: make machine data accessible, usable and valuable to everyone. machine data is one of the fastest growing and most complex areas of big data—generated by every component of it infrastructures, applications, mobile phone location data, website clickstreams, social data, sensors, rfid and much more.
splunk is focused specifically on the challenges and opportunity of taking massive amounts of machine data, and providing powerful insights from that data. it insights. security insights. business insights. it’s what we call operational intelligence.
since shipping its software in 2006, splunk now has over 13,000 customers in more than 110 countries around the world. these organizations are using splunk to harness the power of their machine data to deepen business and customer understanding, mitigate cybersecurity risk, prevent fraud, improve service performance and reduce costs. innovation is in our dna – from technology to the way we do business. splunk is the platform for operational intelligence!
splunk has more than 2,700 global employees, with headquarters in san francisco, an office in san jose, ca and regional headquarters in london and hong kong.
we’ve built a phenomenal foundation for success with a proven leadership team, highly passionate employees and unique patented software. we invite you to help us continue our drive to define a new industry and become part of an innovative, and disruptive software company.
benefits & perks: wow! this is really cool!
sf only
medical, full company paid dental, vision and life insurance, flexible spending and dependent care accounts, commuter accounts, employee stock purchase plan (espp), 401(k), 3 weeks of pto, sick leave, stocked micro kitchens in splunk offices, catered lunches on mondays, catered breakfast on fridays, basketball hoops, ping pong, arcade games, bbq’s, soccer, “fun fridays”.

pursuant to the san francisco fair chance ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.
non sf
medical, full company paid dental, vision and life insurance, flexible spending and dependent care accounts, commuter accounts, employee stock purchase plan (espp), 401(k), 3 weeks of pto and sick leave.  our work environments vary by location however we believe in hosting amenities and fun activities to fuel our energy.  you may find fully stocked micro kitchens, catered lunches on mondays and breakfast on fridays, basketball hoops, ping pong, arcade games, bbq’s, soccer and “fun fridays”. 
this isn’t a job – it’s a life changer – are you ready?
individuals seeking employment at splunk are considered without regards to race, religion, color, national origin, ancestry, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, marital status, age, physical or mental disability or medical condition (except where physical fitness is a valid occupational qualification), genetic information, veteran status, or any other consideration made unlawful by federal, state or local laws. click here to review the us department of labor’s eeo is the law notice. please click here to review splunk’s affirmative action policy statement.
splunk does not discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. please click here to review splunk’s pay transparency nondiscrimination provision.splunk is also committed to providing access to all individuals who are seeking information from our website. any individual using assistive technology (such as a screen reader, braille reader, etc.) who experiences difficulty accessing information on any part of splunk’s website should send comments to 
accessiblecareers@splunk.com. please include the nature of the accessibility problem and your e-mail or contact address. if the accessibility problem involves a particular page, the message should include the url of that page. 
splunk doesn't accept unsolicited agency resumes and won't pay fees to any third-party agency or firm that doesn't have a signed agreement with splunk.
to check on your application click here.





powered by jobvite










