



job application for data scientist at remind





















          apply now
        
data scientist

        at remind
      
(view all jobs)

        san francisco
      


about us
remind is a messaging app that helps teachers, students, and parents communicate quickly and efficiently. we believe that when communication improves, relationships get stronger. education gets better. we're hiring team members inspired by the potential to transform education, motivated to solve communication challenges in education, and passionate about our vision of connecting every teacher, student, and parent in the world. with more than 27 million active users, remind is one of the fastest-growing companies in education technology. we’ve raised $59 million in funding from kleiner perkins, social capital, and first round capital to bring us closer to achieving our goals, and we want you to join us.
responsibilities

perform deep-dive analytics that inform important decisions across product, engineering, marketing and finance teams
analyze data to identify trends and opportunities, surface actionable insights, and help teams set goals, forecasts and prioritization of initiatives
design experiments, analyze results, and convey findings
design and build dashboards to monitor key performance metrics and understand key drivers

requirements

you have worked with large data sets, are fluent in sql and have additional experience with at least one scripting language (python, r, ruby, etc)
you know how to navigate the landscape of analytics and statistics (a/b testing, regression, forecasting)
you love to troubleshoot issues and solve problems
you effectively synthesize and communicate ideas clearly to others
you have superb attention to detail and maintain a high level of integrity in your work

benefits and perks

competitive salary and equity
100% health coverage for you and your dependents
open vacation policy
parental leave
catered meals and fully stocked kitchen
parking and commuter benefits

remind is an equal opportunity employer.







apply for this job

* required
        


first name *



last name *



email *



phone *



resume/cv *


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 














cover letter


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 

















how many years of full-time work experience (i.e. excluding internships, research projects) do you have? *






how did you hear about this job? *






linkedin profile
    





website
    











 



share this job:    













powered by 

 
      read our privacy policy
















