



job application for data scientist at collective health






















          apply now
        
data scientist

        at collective health
      
(view all jobs)

        san francisco
      


reimagining healthcare starts with exceptional experiences that bring clarity and insight to those receiving and paying for care.  our role in administering health plans puts us a unique position to dig into the most granular level of america's healthcare payment infrastructure.  this gives us control over our data quality, which is key for getting specific and actionable insights.we are looking for an full-stack data scientist to join the analytics team at collective health. this position requires that rare mix of applied modeling, data visualization skills and a genuine passion for building flexible and scalable frameworks.  you will develop tools for analytics of both health data and financial data.  you will work closely with teams across the company to develop these into specific critical analyses as well as revolutionary products that deliver specific insights.we expect to see:

an advanced degree (ms/phd) in a data- and modeling-heavy discipline (e.g. statistics, computer science, economics, econometrics, linguistics, neuroscience, astrophysics, atmospheric science, geophysics, etc.)
proficient skills in statistics and data modeling (regression, significance testing, multivariate statistics, dirty data, sparse data
excellent programming skills in python
demonstrated experience in data integration in various ways (web apis, sql, nosql, files)
a track record of getting stuff done with minimum supervision and proven success working with data and software engineers

 
nice to have:

a flair for visualization
experience with secure cloud infrastructure (s3 data storage, identity management integration, unix tools) 
successful record collaborating with multidisciplinary teams

collective health is a technology company working to create the healthcare experience we all deserve. founded in 2013, our team of engineers, designers, product managers, and actuaries are redefining the $1 trillion market of employer-sponsored health benefits with data-driven and people-focused products. our complete health benefits solution helps great companies like activision blizzard, palantir, restoration hardware, and pinterest take care of their people by harnessing the power of design and technology. based in san francisco, ca, we’re backed by some of the best investors in silicon valley including google ventures, founders fund, nea, and redpoint ventures. for more information, visit us at https://www.collectivehealth.com.
we are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. we do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.







apply for this job

* required
        


first name *



last name *



email *



phone *




              location (city)
                *




resume/cv *


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 














cover letter


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 

















linkedin profile
    





website
    





how did you hear about this job? *












 



share this job:    













powered by 

 
      read our privacy policy
















