



jobs

































toggle navigation










sign in
sign up

 help 

















career portal









failure message




 







cannot parse, seems some issue with the profile, please create the profile manually


alert message



  job post has been updated successfully




position title - data scientist

















job share
 

 



recipient email






share
cancel


 








  


 apply without registration
 apply





data scientist
 san francisco, california - united states                                
                                posted date - 10/16/17                                
primary skillsimproving,•	deploying best-in-class / rapid delivery capability for mobile solutions. •	simplifying,and standardizing business work management processes for mobile needs. •	delivering high value analytics across all lines of businesses.  •	rapid delivery of web applications.overviewrole: data scientist 
location: san francisco, ca 
duration: 6+ months 

team overview: 
the digital catalyst team is a new enterprise team that is responsible for working collaboratively with the lines of business to implement consumer grade mobile and analytical solutions across various user groups (e.g., field users, office workers, etc.). this includes, but is not limited to: 

deploying best-in-class / rapid delivery capability for mobile solutions.
simplifying, improving, and standardizing business work management processes for mobile needs.
delivering high value analytics across all lines of businesses. 
rapid delivery of web applications. 

 
digital catalyst consists of a staff of highly skilled professionals working together to produce mobile solutions following an agile methodology and design thinking. we are a “start-up” department within it and building driven and creative mobile development team. we take the time to understand our partners’ needs and translate those into solutions that delight our users. our goal is to deliver products with intuitive user experience that will improve employees’ and customer’s safety, productivity and overall well-being.
 
position summary:
 we are seeking an experienced data scientist in the digital catalyst team who will provide strong execution and delivery of data science. working as a part of the product team, this data scientist will translate business needs into advanced analytics and machine learning models. the successful candidate will be responsible for model selection and identification of appropriate training data sets; building, training, and evaluating models; and delivering results to the business on a regular cadence. this role is part of a fully agile scrum team, so the data scientist will work alongside a product owner, technical lead, and team of developers and data engineers to support delivery of high-value analytics and software products.
 
position responsibilities: 

leads development of high complexity models and training sets
provides hands-on execution and implementation of data science models 
translates business analysis needs into well-defined data science problems, and selecting appropriate models and algorithms and communicates model evaluation and implications of results back to stakeholders 
recognizes and prioritizes the most important work related to data science models to achieve highest operational impact for analytics in the business 
balances tradeoffs among analytics value, model development methods and design and technologies used to implement data science models with a bias toward action
performs collaborative work on data science problems and mentor junior data scientists 
creates shared process models, business objects, activity diagrams and process documentation to effectively articulate multiple views of the business solutions that support technical architecture.
manages development of quantitative models and tools. 
collaborates with leaders, other lobs, and business partners to work on issues, projects or activities.
develops new or revises complex models to predict business demand trends, and volume and expenditures forecasts capacity analysis, and various other metrics to identify potential opportunities. 
assesses business implications associated with modeling assumptions, inputs, methodologies, technical implementation, analytic procedures and processes, and advanced data analysis.
partners with leaders to drive high performance in their lines of business. 
develop deep understanding of business drivers and financial levers to provide strategic decision support.
oversees resolution of complex projects and programs.
develops and maintains up-to-date detailed project schedules and work plans.
performs analysis on complex data models requiring customized reports and data and presents recommendations.

 
minimum education/skills:

bachelor’s degree in econometrics, economics, engineering, mathematics, applied sciences, statistics or job-related discipline or equivalent experience
job-related experience, 8 years, or master’s degree and job-related experience, 6 years, or doctorate degree and job-related experience, 3 years
experience in data modeling, 5yrs

 
desired education / skills: 

phd in engineering or a related field (computer science, natural sciences, mathematics)
experience with python, r, scala, sql
experience developing solutions with pandas/scikit-learn, spark or comparable technologies
experience data science notebooks (jupyter, zeppelin or other)
experience with aws, azure, cloud computing technologies
scrum team experience
energy industry experience
experience designing efficient data science workflows and database architecture for data science purposes
experience with forecasting, bayesian networks, and graph analytics
strong statistics experience


experience with software development methodologies and software engineering principles
knowledge of program management theories, concepts, methods, best practices, and techniques as needed to perform at the job level
knowledge of relevant programming languages - for example visual basic, ladder logic,
programmable logic controller, c, sharepoint, html, java, adobe – as needed to perform at the job level
competency in knowing the most effective and efficient processes to get things done, with a focus on continuous improvement
knowledge of principles, techniques, and procedures used for production and design of technology based equipment and systems as needed to perform at the job level
knowledge of statistical theories, concepts, methods, best practices, and analyses as needed to perform at the job level
ability to develop reports, models, and simulations as needed to perform at the job level
competency in developing and delivering multi-mode communications that convey a clear
understanding of the unique needs of different audiences 
knowledge of data model design philosophies and methodologies for data warehouse and oltp systems 












job codejpsc-6409experience8 yearsrequired documentsresume 

















×
please wait...
please fill the details 

 
email

first name

middle name

last name

contact no

current location

work authorization

select
h1-b
l1-b
l1-a
l2-ead
b1
us citizen
gc
gc-ead
opt-ead
tn visa
canadian citizen
need h1b
h4
indian citizen
h1-b transfer
h4 ead
e3 visa
green card holder
current employer only
us authorized
employment auth. document
need h1 visa
sponsorship required
have h1 visa
h1b work permit
gc ead
opt ead
tn ead
l2 ead
security clearance
tn permit holder
need h1b - other visa
cpt ead
eu eligible
need h1b - no visa
need h1b - b1/b2
can work for current employer
not specified
employment authorization document
seeking work authorization
can work for any employer
euay

job title

resume

this field is required.
cover letter

other attachment






cancel

 






powered by 








