


careers center - data scientist


















































please enable cookies to continue
please enable cookies in your browser to experience all the personalized features of this site, including the ability to apply for a job.





returning candidate?

log back in!





data scientist



data scientist




location 

us-ca-san francisco




job id 
34046







more information about this job




summary







esurance has created a centralized data science group that is responsible for helping business units make objective decisions using science. the group supports overall business operations by delivering critical analytical insights and in-depth consultative analyses. this group also develops applications/ platforms that are used to deploy analytics in real time.







responsibilities







data scientists in the group develop tangible and actionable recommendations that are then implemented in real-time to improve business operations. key responsibilities include:working with business stakeholders to deeply understand business problems and pain points developing algorithms and predictive models using large amounts of structured and unstructured datacollaborating with internal technology team to deploy solutions for real-time decisionsdesigning experiments to determine efficacy of solutions.providing on-going performance monitoring of decision systems and statistical models 







qualifications







excellent knowledge of a high-level language for statistical and scientific computing (r, python or similar)extensive experience in data management and data scrubbingstrong aptitude towards math and programmingability to communicate complex information in a way that is clear and easily understoodexperience / education: bachelor degree in statistics, computer science, a related field or equivalent education/experience required; phd or master degree preferred.2+ years relevant quantitative and qualitative research and analytics experience.experience deploying machine-learning techniques for dimensionality reduction, regression, clustering, and classification to solve real-world problems.





options

apply for this job onlineapplysharerefer this job to a friendrefer



share on your newsfeed




connect with us!




not ready to apply quite yet? connect with us to get job updates based on your interests.





your application choices are:  















go back to the welcome page

application faqssoftware powered by icimswww.icims.com









