



job application for data scientist at thumbtack





















          apply now
        
data scientist

        at thumbtack
      

        san francisco
      


thumbtack is a local services marketplace that connects customers with the right professionals for anything they need done. every day we rally around the impact thumbtack has on people’s lives - from house cleaners, to yoga instructors to general contractors, we’re helping small businesses grow and thrive. join our growing team in the quest to build the destination for anything you need done.
about the data science team
at thumbtack, the data science team combines big data with innovative modeling and analysis techniques to shape the system logic that serves millions of customers and professionals. challenging problems include:

design innovative a/b testing techniques. understanding the true impact of a test in thumbtack’s marketplace requires well-designed separation among millions of interconnected customers and professionals, and sound methodology to interpret test results in the face of such extensive interconnection.
model complex relationships in the presence of many confounding factors. predictive modeling problems are everywhere across our product. our team works to scope, design and implement machine learning models to support thumbtack’s products.

about the role
we're looking for data scientists with deep expertise in statistics, machine learning, optimization, and/or building data products. our process gives you full ownership over the projects you tackle, so you should be a person who dreams big, then executes well.
responsibilities

design and execute experiments, collect and analyze test data to guide launch decisions
architect and deploy machine learning systems to production
design and implement metrics that align with company goals
analyze a wide variety of data: structured and unstructured, observational and experimental, with the goal of influencing system designs and implementations
advise engineering and product teams on sound statistical practices

must-have qualifications 

m.s. or equivalent experience in computer science, engineering, statistics, or other relevant technical field
minimum of 4 years of industry experience in engineering
expert knowledge of probability and statistics, including experimental design, predictive modeling, optimization, and causal inference
familiarity with machine learning concepts: regression and classification, clustering, feature selection, feature engineering, curse of dimensionality, bias-variance tradeoff, neural networks, svms, etc.
a strong sense of connecting technical work to product impacts
expert knowledge of a statistical computing language such as r or python/pandas
excellent written and verbal technical communication skills
familiarity with a scripting language and/or shell scripting

nice-to-have qualifications

preferred: ph.d. in computer science, engineering, statistics, or other relevant technical field
preferred: experience with large-scale distributed systems
preferred: experience with tools in the hadoop ecosystem such as hive, pig, or spark

more about us
thumbtack is a local services marketplace that connects customers who need to get things done with local, skilled professionals who can help. from plumbers and painters to djs and personal trainers, thumbtack helps millions of customers find the right professional for their project in over 1,000 categories. founded in 2009 and headquartered in san francisco, thumbtack is backed by over $250 million in investment from sequoia capital, capitalg, tiger global management, javelin investment partners and baillie gifford. 

learn more about our culture, benefits, and perks
learn more about engineering at thumbtack
follow thumbtack on linkedin

thumbtack embraces diversity. we are proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and do not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, religion, national origin, citizenship, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. pursuant to the san francisco fair chance ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.
#li-post







apply for this job

* required
        


first name *



last name *



email *



phone *



resume/cv *


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 














cover letter


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 

















who referred you to this position?
    











 



share this job:    













powered by 

 
      read our privacy policy
















