databricks - data scientistdata scientistsan franciscoengineeringfull-timeapply for this jobat databricks, we make big data simple. the state-of-the-art in big data is "simple things complex, complex things impossible." we think the future should be "simple things easy, and complex things possible." join us and work with world's leading experts in distributed systems, databases, and networking to help build a next-generation big data platform that users love.as a data scientist in the data team you will use databricks to process and analyze databricks customer usage data, and define correct user engagement metrics that help shape our product better. you will also conduct exploratory data analysis and share interesting insights with the company. your work will directly influence the company’s core strategy, future product decisions, and interactions with customers. join us and work closely with world's leading experts in distributed systems to build a next-generation big data platform that users love.databricks was founded out of the uc berkeley amplab by the creators of apache spark. we’ve been working for the past six years on cutting-edge systems to extract value from big data. we are the winners of the daytona graysort making us the fastest big data system on the market. we set a new record sorting 100tb of data 3x faster using 10x fewer machines. we have built a team of the best minds in the world in the field of big data. we have just begun to change the landscape of big data, and we are looking someone equally passionate to grow with us. databricks is venture-backed by andreessen horowitz and nea.requirementsstrong desire to work at a rapidly growing startup.knowledge of data processing and applied statistics.proficient in data analysis and visualization using r or pydata.familiar with sql and databases like mysql or postgresql.experience with distributed data processing systems like spark and hadoop.general-purpose languages such as python and scala.desire to explore lots of data to find unexpected insights.strong communication and presentation skills.plusesadvanced degrees in statistics, computer science, math, or similar fields.familiarity with interactive data visualization using tools like d3.js.benefitsmedical, dental, vision401k retirement planunlimited paid time offcatered lunch (everyday), snacks and drinksgym reimbursement employee referral bonus program awesome coworkers maternity and paternity plansapply for this jobdatabricks home pagejobs powered by 