ancestry data scientist | smartrecruiters

data scientistsan francisco, ca, usafull-timejob descriptionwe are growing our marketing data science team in san francisco. we’re looking for a data scientist to join and help grow this exciting team.by joining this data science team, you will be a member of the global data science & machine learning team, tackling our toughest and most exciting data science challenges.key responsibilitiesuse data science to drive product innovation, customer success, marketing optimization, and more across both our family history and consumer genomics businessesapply statistics, clustering, and modeling to complex business problemshelp champion a data-driven culture and push long-term business value creation through development of best-in-class data science capabilitiesleverage statistical modeling, data mining, and computer science to increase value across our businessesqualificationsm.s. or ph.d. in statistics, computer science, mathematics, physics, engineering, or other relevant technical fields.2+ years working experience in machine learning / statistical modeling. expert level in machine learning and statistical analysis (classification, regression, recommendation systems).proven track record of completing multiple data science projects end to end, from idea generation to objectives formulation to implementation and deliverables.fluency in python fluency in at least one high-level programming language like r or matlabfluency in sqlexperience in scala or javaexperience with spark excellent written and oral communication skillshighly skilled at translating business requirements from key stakeholders into shovel-ready work plansadditional informationhelping people discover their story is at the heart of ours. ancestry is the largest provider of family history and personal dna testing, harnessing a powerful combination of information, science and technology to help people discover their family history and stories that were never possible before. ancestry’s suite of products includes: ancestrydna, ancestryprogenealogists, fold3, newspapers.com, find a grave, archives.com, and rootsweb.we offer excellent benefits and a competitive compensation package. for additional information, regarding our benefits and career information, please visit our website at http://ancestry.com/careers. (ref)ancestry is not accepting unsolicited assistance from search firms for this employment opportunity. all resumes submitted by search firms to any employee at ancestry via-email, the internet or in any form and/or method without a valid written search agreement in place for this position will be deemed the sole property of ancestry. no fee will be paid in the event the candidate is hired by ancestry.com as a result of the referral or through other means.ind 2 #li-posti'm interestedi'm interestedrefer a friendshare this jobpowered by