




analytics developer at monsanto
























skip navigation
















who we hire
working at monsanto
inclusion & diversity
student opportunities
our benefits
monsanto.com















search our jobs  
search our jobs


keyword



location




radius
select radius
5 miles
15 miles
25 miles
35 miles
50 miles



search




discover matches to jobs using your linkedin profile  »






analytics developer

apply now
apply later
req id 01m2i date posted 11/02/2017
produce more. conserve more. improve lives. that’s monsanto’s vision for a better world. achieving this vision demands revolutionizing agriculture through technology and analytics is central to attaining this transformation. we are seeking exceptionally talented individual with a passion for innovation to become an integral part of our global breeding analytics team within the global breeding organization. the global breeding analytics team is a cutting-edge group providing recommendations and solutions to accelerate and optimize monsanto’s product development. we foster new game-changing ideas to produce sophisticated, intelligent predictive models. as part of our diverse, highly dynamic group, you will be exposed to exciting research challenges and will have ample opportunity to work with interdisciplinary scientists (statistical geneticists, quantitative geneticists, and breeders) to foster your career growth and development while delivering next-generation analytical solutions. in the analytics developer role, the candidate will work closely with the data science group to transition our predictive models into a production environment. in addition, the candidate will also invent and/or expand the impact of in-house innovations across geographies. he/she will work with data from diverse structured and unstructured data sources, and various formats. the candidate will work on all aspects of the design, development, validation, scaling and delivery of analytical solutions. the successful candidate will have the opportunity to work collaboratively with interdisciplinary scientists internal to monsanto, organize challenging problems, develop new solutions, and work with business & development teams to ensure these solutions deliver value.an ideal candidate possesses broad, up-to-date technical skills across the core domains of software and it infrastructure. at this level, he/she has become proficient with all aspects of the software development process (agile planning, testing, development, performance optimization, refactoring, debugging, production support), and all components of software delivery (infrastructure, networking, operating systems, middleware, application runtimes, service integration, data and databases, production monitoring). he/she is also our expert in programming languages, algorithms and data structures, distributed computing and multi-threading, distributed databases, fault-tolerance, relational and non-relational data modeling and other advanced topics that power modern applications. required education and skills/experience: 

bachelor’s degree in computer science, electrical engineering or a closely-related field 

at least 3+ years of relevant software development experience using r and python

proven ability to plan, schedule and deliver quality software 

a passion for building highly automated systems 

strong business aptitude, the ability to rapidly learn new problem domains, and become conversant in the domain with subject matter experts 

strong organizational, interpersonal, and proven problem solving abilities 

proven ability to communicate complex qualitative analysis in clear, precise and actionable manner.

creativity in validating and optimizing analytic solutions 
desired education and skills/experience: 

experience working with large data sets

experience working with distributed computing tools (map/reduce, hadoop, hive, hbase, scala, spark etc.) 

experience authoring workflows (using technology like apache airflow)

experience provisioning and maintaining highly-available, fault-tolerant it infrastructure including servers, storage, and data stores

cloud operation experience: running real workloads in the cloud and diagnosing and fixing problems (aws preferred)

at least 3 years of experience using r/python for real-word data analysis

java programming experience
apply now
apply later




map
st. louis
view the area



share

facebook
google+
twitter
linkedin
email




related jobs


materials testing laboratory chemist
st. louis, missouri


biodirect production research associate
st. louis, missouri


pathology and discovery breeding co-op
st. louis, missouri


data scientist
st. louis, missouri


procurement supervisor
santa fe, federal district













































get job news and event updates
first namelast namephone numberemail addressinterested insearch for a category / location, select a term from the suggestions, and click “add.”categorylocationaddresearch & development, st. louis, missouri, united statesremoveremove

confirm email















        		800 n. lindbergh boulevard
        		
        		st. louis, mo 63167
        	

facebook









©2002-2017 monsanto company – all rights reserved sitemap|
legal notice|privacy policy|
contact us







news & stories


conversation


news releases




innovation


products


our brands


seeds


agricultural biologicals


crop protection


safety information






company


investors


careers


contact us


more


america's farmers


modern agriculture


monsanto fund





sign up for our email newsletter

        				the monsanto newsletter brings you the latest modern agriculture news each month.
        			


first name *

last name

email *










©2002-2017 monsanto company – all rights reserved sitemap|terms & conditions|privacy policy|contact us












