




big data engineer at monsanto























skip navigation















who we hire
working at monsanto
inclusion & diversity
student opportunities
our benefits
monsanto.com














search our jobs  
search our jobs


keyword



location




radius
select radius
5 miles
15 miles
25 miles
35 miles
50 miles



search




discover matches to jobs using your linkedin profile  »









big data engineer
st. louis 
                       ,  missouri                    
 req id 01i9q 


apply now
apply later




overview
success profile
rewards
responsibilities
trending
map
featured jobs



at monsanto you will enjoy a team-focused environment that thrives on innovation and encourages you to do extraordinary things. by incorporating cutting-edge technology and your experience, you will push the limits of agricultural technology and help change the world. are you ready to begin?

full-time
level: all
 



success profile
what does it take to be successful at monsanto? check out the traits below to see if you have the right combination of talents.








































software/infrastructure skilled
embraces inclusion & diversity
team player
self-motivated
entrepreneurial aptitude
driven & organized
loves to code
working in a matrix




who we are we at monsanto are more than 20,000 employees dedicated to contributing to a smarter way to feed the world. you can find us at 404 facilities across 67 countries. we’re a diverse group of thinkers with one common goal: helping to make a balanced meal accessible. together, we foster a culture of inclusion and innovation and we are working for sustainable agriculture.
learn more





what's this jobreally like?






































read more about agriculture and computer science at monsanto











rewards


compensation:
monsanto offers competitive pay and benefits, as well as other exciting rewards.


insurance (medical, dental, vision):
monsanto offers a health and insurance benefits program that allows you to tailor your own benefits package.


paid time off:
we believe we can all be more effective individuals if there's a proper balance among the various demands of work, family and life.


paid training:
internal and external seminars and conferences are available to increase your technical, professional and managerial skills.


savings plan:
we provide you an opportunity to save up to 25% of your eligible pay in a personal savings program to which monsanto also contributes.


variety and collaboration:
opportunities to participate in varied types of projects and get new experiences from partnerships with many organizations within monsanto.




responsibilities
monsanto’s mission is centered on developing agricultural solutions for a sustainable future that will include a global population projected to eclipse 9.6 billion by 2050. we approach agriculture holistically, looking across a broad range of solutions from using biotechnology and plant breeding to produce the best possible seeds, to advanced predictive and prescriptive analytics designed to select the best possible crop system for every acre.to make this possible, monsanto collects terabytes of data across all aspects of its operations, from genome sequencing, crop field trials, manufacturing, supply chain, and everything in between. there is an enormous need and potential here to do something that has never been done before. we need great people to help transform these complex scientific datasets into innovative software that is deployed across the pipeline, accelerating the pace and quality of all crop system development decisions to unbelievable levels.what you will do:- be a critical senior member of a full-stack data engineering team focused on creating distributed analysis capabilities around our enterprise datasets- think through complex problems and work to solve them by applying cutting edge data engineering practices- collaborate closely with your engineering team colleagues and with data scientists across multiple research teams- take pride in software craftsmanship, diving deep into code and constantly innovatingwhy you should join us:- work with other top level talent solving a wide range of complex and unique challenges that have real world impact- we value the exploration of all relevant technology stacks to find the best fit for each dataset- we prioritize and pursue opportunities to present our work at relevant technical conferences- our environment values your talent over a role or title.  strength of ideas trumps position on an org chart if you share our values, you should have:

- minimum of a bachelor's degree in a relevant discipline.
    
- minimum of 2 years proven experience with distributed systems, e.g. mesos, kubernetes, spark, hadoop, distributed databases, grid computing

- experience with stream processing, e.g. kafka, spark streaming, akka, flink, etc.

- minimum of 3 years fluency in java or scala, or demonstrated mastery of another language with clear movement towards one of the jvm languages

- proven experience modeling large datasets in distributed databases such as apache cassandra

- demonstrated ability to solve complex problems
 
 
bonus points for:

- ability to build and maintain modern cloud architecture, e.g. aws, google cloud, etc.

- comfortable speaking publicly on relevant work

- experience contributing to open source projects

- knowledge of data science practices, to better steer our efforts to support them through the infrastructure we create
 
we encourage you to share with us any and all public contributions you have made in the form of conference presentations, community forums (e.g. stack overflow, github, etc.), or open source projects and code samples.




doing great things



putting military skills to work:
at monsanto, we value the leadership, tenacity, adaptability, teamwork, and performance orientation skills and attributes that veterans and service members bring to the table.
learn more



inclusion & diversity
creating an inclusive environment where employees of all genders, ethnicities, backgrounds and orientations feel welcome and able to contribute is core to creating a great place to work.
learn more



making a difference:
giving is a natural part of what we do at monsanto. as a company, we are committed to making lives better.
learn more






map
st. louis
view our location

 









































get job news and event updates
first namelast namephone numberemail addressinterested insearch for a category / location, select a term from the suggestions, and click “add.”categorylocationaddinformation technology, st. louis, missouri, united statesremoveremove

confirm email















        		800 n. lindbergh boulevard
        		
        		st. louis, mo 63167
        	

facebook









©2002-2017 monsanto company – all rights reserved sitemap|
legal notice|privacy policy|
contact us







news & stories


conversation


news releases




innovation


products


our brands


seeds


agricultural biologicals


crop protection


safety information






company


investors


careers


contact us


more


america's farmers


modern agriculture


monsanto fund





sign up for our email newsletter

        				the monsanto newsletter brings you the latest modern agriculture news each month.
        			


first name *

last name

email *










©2002-2017 monsanto company – all rights reserved sitemap|terms & conditions|privacy policy|contact us












