




statistical scientist at monsanto
























skip navigation
















who we hire
working at monsanto
inclusion & diversity
student opportunities
our benefits
monsanto.com















search our jobs  
search our jobs


keyword



location




radius
select radius
5 miles
15 miles
25 miles
35 miles
50 miles



search




discover matches to jobs using your linkedin profile  »






statistical scientist

apply now
apply later
req id 01m7p date posted 11/03/2017
produce more. conserve more. improve lives. that’s monsanto’s vision for a better world. achieving this vision demands revolutionizing agriculture through technology and analytics is central to attaining this transformation.monsanto is seeking a highly motivated individual for our trait analytics and decision science team under the biotechnology trait testing organization. this position will play a key role in shaping, optimizing, and helping with strategic decisions across emerging technologies. the statistical scientist will engage with multi-disciplinary areas across monsanto technology providing expertise in experimental planning, analysis, and decision process. they will be responsible for mining and modeling of high-dimensional data, improving process efficiencies, teaching statistical concepts to scientist colleagues, leading special projects in analytics, and collaborating with other analytics teams and monsanto r&d it teams for delivery. this position also is expected to identify and implement emerging methodologies that accelerate analytical research objectives in monsanto's biotechnology organization. required education & skills/experience:


minimum of a phd in statistics, biostatistics, bioinformatics or a statistics related discipline -or- a master’s degree in statistics, biostatistics, bioinformatics or a statistics related discipline with two years of professional experience
demonstrated computational skills and experience programming in r and sas
expertise in a wide range of statistical techniques including, but not limited to, experimental design, general and generalized linear mixed models, non-linear mixed models, multivariate statistics, non-parametric analysis, and bayesian statistics 
strong problem solving and critical thinking skills
experience presenting results to varied audiences and influencing project direction and strategy
demonstrated ability to foster and maintain relationships at all levels of the organization
ability to actively engage with internal partners and external collaborators to align strategies and success measures in analytics
proven statistical consulting and problem solving skills in a research environment

desired education & skills/experience:


one or more years of professional experience after phd
background and experience in computational statistics, computational mathematics, machine learning and predictive analytics.
background and experience in spatial statistics, geo-referenced data analytics and/or image analytics
programming skills in python
knowledge and experience in plant biology, breeding, agronomy, and/or genetics
knowledge and experience with agricultural field trials






apply now
apply later




map
st. louis
view the area



share

facebook
google+
twitter
linkedin
email




related jobs


materials testing laboratory chemist
st. louis, missouri


biodirect production research associate
st. louis, missouri


pathology and discovery breeding co-op
st. louis, missouri


data scientist
st. louis, missouri


procurement supervisor
santa fe, federal district













































get job news and event updates
first namelast namephone numberemail addressinterested insearch for a category / location, select a term from the suggestions, and click “add.”categorylocationaddresearch & development, st. louis, missouri, united statesremoveremove

confirm email















        		800 n. lindbergh boulevard
        		
        		st. louis, mo 63167
        	

facebook









©2002-2017 monsanto company – all rights reserved sitemap|
legal notice|privacy policy|
contact us







news & stories


conversation


news releases




innovation


products


our brands


seeds


agricultural biologicals


crop protection


safety information






company


investors


careers


contact us


more


america's farmers


modern agriculture


monsanto fund





sign up for our email newsletter

        				the monsanto newsletter brings you the latest modern agriculture news each month.
        			


first name *

last name

email *










©2002-2017 monsanto company – all rights reserved sitemap|terms & conditions|privacy policy|contact us












