


mercy careers | mercy |senior data scientist













































please enable cookies to continue
please enable cookies in your browser to experience all the personalized features of this site, including the ability to apply for a job.





returning candidate?

log back in!





senior data scientist



senior data scientist




requisition id 

2017-742889




category 
information technology





position type 

full time




shift(s) 
days





department 

evaluation decision science




location 
us-mo-chesterfield







more information about this job




overview







 we’re a little different our mission is clear. we bring to life a healing ministry through our compassionate care and exceptional service.   we don’t believe in jobs at mercy, we believe in careers that match the unique gifts of unique individuals; careers that not only make the most of your skills and talents, but also your heart. at mercy, you’ll feel our supportive community every step of your day, especially the tough ones. we’re a team and love working that way. that team is expanding, and we currently have exceptional opportunities to help our communities grow. 







responsibilities and qualifications







the department of evaluation & decision science at mercy virtual is seeking a senior data scientist to work within a team of other advanced scientists in the generation, extraction, and compilation of data to perform creative, high-quality, state-of-the-art analyses and evaluations that answer questions, make discoveries, and support decision-making within the emerging virtual healthcare segment. mercy has an incredible amount of operational, clinical, and financial data and increasing capacity to integrate additional data from external and device sources, such as geospatial indexes and biosensors. this is a great opportunity to work on the forefront of technology and methodology to address challenging health care questions and uncover the keys to the successful delivery of virtual healthcare services. the candidate should have an affinity for learning and a growth mindset, be able to effectively develop, document, and communicate project plans, demonstrate expertise with data analytic functions and related software tools, and deliver outputs on a tight time budget. this position will report to the director of the department of evaluation & decision science. responsibilities:proven ability to build and manage successful relationships with internal and external stakeholders and work both independently and within a team-centric environmenteffectively communicate with internal and external stakeholders to develop requirements, document data definitions, select appropriate data sources, extract, integrate, visualize, and analyze data using appropriate data mining and data analysis tools e.g. sql, r, sas, python, etc integrate decentralized data systems, devise/implement strategies for the development of data marts and data warehouses, and work with the mercy virtual team members on data commercialization opportunities develop data commercialization and publication quality data sets and analyses utilizing data from various internal and external sources in collaboration with internal and external business partnersperform duties and responsibilities in a manner consistent with our mission, values, and charismperform other duties as assigned qualifications:because you’re committed to excellence, you understand the importance of being properly prepared for your role at mercy. that’s why you’ll bring to your role the right set of qualifications: required qualifications:graduate degree in computer science, statistics, mathematics, data science, or similar fieldhave at least 5 years of experience in a similar rolepossess a working knowledge of descriptive and inferential statistics, causal process assessment, data mining, and predictive modelingdisplay understanding of study design, validation, and scientific standards for communication of health care data in the usdisplay understanding of and ability to use programming languages and related applications (e.g., sql, r, sas, and/or python)experience with business intelligence tools, such as sap business objects, qlikview, or sas visual analyticsshow ability to comprehend and apply data relationships across multiple sources and domainsdemonstrate capacity to build large, complex datasetsutilize analytical skills to critically evaluate information gathered from multiple sources, reconcile conflicts, decompose high-level information into details, and abstract up from low-level information to a more general understandinghave proven, practical problem-solving skills and demonstrated experience presenting information and data visualization to technical and non-technical audiences in a clear and compelling manner that inspires actionpossess strong organizational skills, an orientation toward detail, and be a team playerwork under pressure and meet deadlinespreferred qualifications (required qualifications plus):doctoral degree in computer science, statistics, mathematics, data science, or similar fieldunderstanding of and experience with big data tools (e.g., hadoop, sap hana, nosql)clarity certification we’ll support you at work and home our foundations are built on dignity and respect. modern healthcare magazine named us as a “top 100 places to work.” we go out of our way to help people feel welcomed. we offer day-one comprehensive health, vision and dental coverage, pto, and employer-matched retirement funds, even to part-time employees. we’re proud to provide tuition reimbursement to help you grow and learn new skills.  what makes a good match for mercy compassion and professionalism go hand-in-hand with us, along with exceptional quality care. having a positive outlook and a strong sense of advocacy is in perfect step with our mission and vision. we’re also collaborative and are not afraid to do a little extra to deliver excellent care – that’s just part of our commitment. if that sounds like a fit for you as well, we encourage you to apply. 





options

apply for this jobapplyshareemail this job to a friendrefer



share on your newsfeed




connect with mercy




what if i am not ready to apply? submit your resume here  and be considered for future opportunities!








go back to the welcome page

application faqssoftware powered by icimswww.icims.com









