














career opportunities: associate scientist (5001) 



























javascript is turned off in your web browser. turn it on to take full advantage of this site, then refresh the page.

loading...














skip to main content












career opportunities: associate scientist (5001)




















req id 5001 - posted 10/17/2017 - research & development/scientific - st. louis - missouri - united states



 &nbspjob description print preview









	                  apply
	                 
	         	 
              




                  apply using linkedin™
                 
               
              







	                  save job
	                





	                  email job to friend
	                





                  return to list
                







 



our mission:   at steris, we help our customers create a healthier and safer world by providing innovative healthcare and life science product and service solutions around the globe.                                                                                      
who we are:  steris is a growing provider of infection prevention and other procedural products and services through our family of wholly owned subsidiaries.
 
duties carries out assigned projects, laboratory work, and data analysis under the direction of a supervisor
 operates and maintains laboratory equipment
 works under supervision with direct instructions.
 carries out routine and semi-routine tasks independently.
 understands and complies with accepted laboratory and safety procedures.
 demonstrates excellent laboratory technique
 assists in writing test plans and reports
 design and develop simple formulations.
 modify existing formulations to improve performance
 perform analyses to support formulation development
 resolve issues using problem solving techniques to support formulation development.
 completes assigned tasks.
 individual contributor as part of a larger r&d organization
 serve on r&d subteams
 implements defined approaches to formulation development
 assist with design transfer and scale-up activities
 works under general supervision with direct instructions. carries out routine and semi-routine tasks with some independence
 conducts evaluations using well defined procedures.
 retrieves defined information from scientific literature
 writes reports using predefined templates
 understands and uses equipment
education degreeassociate's degree in sciencebachelor's degree in sciencerequired experiencerequires 0-5 years of related laboratory experience
 possess basic laboratory skills related to job field
 skilled in the use of basic microbiology and/or chemistry laboratory equipment.
 ability to read and follow protocols/sop's/methods.
 working knowledge of microsoft word, excel, outlook and powerpoint
good communication (technical writing, written and verbal) and problem solving skills.

 
steris plc is a $2b+, publicly traded (nyse: ste) organization with more than 14,000 employees worldwide.  we are dedicated to providing our customers with innovative infection prevention, decontamination, and health science technologies, products and services.
steris is an equal opportunity employer.  we are committed to equal employment opportunity and the use of affirmative action programs to ensure that persons are recruited, hired, trained, transferred and promoted in all job groups regardless of race, color, religion, age, disability, national origin, citizenship status, military or veteran status, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth and related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information, and any other category protected by federal, state or local law.  we are not only committed to this policy by our status as a federal government contractor, but also we are strongly bound by the principle of equal employment opportunity. 
we assure you that your opportunity for employment depends solely on your qualifications. those applicants requiring reasonable accommodation(s) to complete this application and/or during the interview process should notify a representative of the human resources department at 440-392-7047.






 









	                  apply
	                 
	           	
              




                  apply using linkedin™
                 
              
              







	                  save job
	                





	                  email job to friend
	                





                  return to list
                






















email this job to a friend





 








 


 



the job has been sent to
          


 



please provide the information below



job title:
        




*your email address:
        




*your friend's email address:
        



message:
        
         maximum character limit: 1000







verification code:
        





*please enter the verification code here:
        














send
            




cancel
            












powered by successfactors










