














career opportunities: associate scientist (169588) 



























javascript is turned off in your web browser. turn it on to take full advantage of this site, then refresh the page.

loading...














skip to main content












career opportunities: associate scientist (169588)



















req id 169588 - posted 11/28/2017 - united states - missouri - st. louis - engineering & skilled trade - career level (3) - full-time



 &nbspjob description print preview









	                  apply
	                 
	         	 
              




                  apply using linkedin™
                 
               
              







	                  save job
	                





	                  email job to friend
	                





                  return to list
                







 



a career with milliporesigma is an ongoing journey of discovery: our 50,000 people are shaping how the world lives, works and plays through next generation advancements in healthcare, life science and performance materials. for 350 years and across the world we have passionately pursued our curiosity to find novel and vibrant ways of enhancing the lives of others. milliporesigma is a business of merck kgaa, darmstadt, germany.
 
 
you role: the ideal candidate will execute analytical methodologies of general to moderate scope and complexity to enable process development and transfer methods to cgmp quality control groups for a wide range of bio-organic and bio-pharmacuetical products. 
 
essential job functions:

accurately perform established procedures and interpret data independently
perform and deliver analytical method verifications or qualifications of raw materials, intermediates and products
transfer methods to quality control laboratories for method validation or gmp release testing
optimize methods through application of scientific knowledge, experience, and principles.
become proficient in the technical and theoretical aspects of new analytical techniques
consistently demonstrates attention to detail in the planning, execution and documentation of experimental work.
deliver timely and comprehensive written (laboratory notebook, operating procedures and reports) and oral communications to project leads and internal partners
provide complete and accurate records consistent with sops with quality guidelines
excel in a team environment through concise and transparent communication and effective cooperation.
contribute to departmental and cross-functional process improvement initiatives.

 
who you are:
 

education:bs in chemistry, biochemistry or related field 
experience:

5 years years of academia or industrial experience.
experience with advanced data acquisition software systems such as chromeleon, empower, or chemstation are a plus.
medium to high-throughput instrumentation experience, equipment troubleshooting and basic instrument maintenance are preferred.


essential and critical skills: 

demonstrated skills in general and advanced laboratory techniques (theory and practice) to enable the development to solve analytical problems on fast-paced projects.
demonstrated success in contributing to the advancement of projects, project teams and process improvements.
experience in three or more of the following laboratory techniques: absorption spectroscopy (uv/vis), chromatographic techniques (hplc/gc/ic/uplc/sec/hilic/cge/ice), protein analysis, immunoassays, ftir, wet chemistry and/or usp methodologies. 
experience with either dad, elsd, cad, and ms detectors are advantageous as well as undergraduate research experience.
excellent time management, attention to detail and strong communication skills (both written and verbal).
working knowledge of microsoft word, excel and powerpoint is required. 



 
what we offer: with us, there are always opportunities to break new ground. we empower you to fulfil your ambitions, and our diverse businesses offer various career moves to seek new horizons. we trust you with responsibility early on and support you to draw your own career map that is responsive to your aspirations and priorities in life. join us and bring your curiosity to life!
curious? apply and find more information at come2emd.com
 
the company is an equal employment opportunity employer. no employee or applicant for employment will be discriminated against on the basis of race, color, religion, age, sex, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, disability, military or veteran status, genetic information, gender identity, transgender status, marital status, or any other classification protected by applicable federal, state, or local law.  this policy of equal employment opportunity applies to all policies and programs relating to recruitment and hiring, promotion, compensation, benefits, discipline, termination, and all other terms and conditions of employment. any applicant or employee who believes they have been discriminated against by the company or anyone acting on behalf of the company must report any concerns to his/her human resources business partner, legal, or compliance immediately. the company will not retaliate against any individual because he/she made a good faith report of discrimination.
 






 









	                  apply
	                 
	           	
              




                  apply using linkedin™
                 
              
              







	                  save job
	                





	                  email job to friend
	                





                  return to list
                






















email this job to a friend





 








 


 



the job has been sent to
          


 



please provide the information below



job title:
        




*your email address:
        




*your friend's email address:
        



message:
        
         






verification code:
        





*please enter the verification code here:
        














send
            




cancel
            



















