


principal data engineer ($250k+) | averity































view all jobs

visit our website
 


principal data engineer ($250k+)
 averity
 - san francisco, ca



we are bringing on a principal data engineer to join us at the country's most forward-thinking, innovative and technology-friendly consultancies. we are looking for the best out there who are excited about using their knowledge of the newest and best data technologies. if that is you, then we want to hear from you. what's the job you will be using the technologies that work best for each of our client's needs, but be prepared to be using the newest technologies like spark, aws, hadoop, kafka, scala, etc... this is a hands-on role including both architecture and development, so you will be coding as well as mentoring others. you should expect to work face-to-face with our clients. our engagements can last from a few weeks to several months, which means your job will always be challenging, and we can guarantee you will never be bored. we are a consultancy, so you will be traveling monday - thursday to be on-site with our clients who are involved in such sectors as finance, health care, travel, and technology. we are implementing the newest data technologies and strategies with our clients, so you will be working with our clients to find out their needs, developing data architecture, working on implementing that solution, and making sure your solutions solves their problems. compensation • $225,000 - $275,000 • full medical, dental and vision • 401(k) plus matching plan • flexibility to work at home on fridays what skills do we need? • spark and hadoop ecosystems • data architecture • experience implementing machine learning models who are we? we are a leading technology consulting firm in the united states. our clients range in backgrounds, and we place an extremely high value on furthering our mission to use technology to make the world a better place. we are extremely focused on agile software development, and we have contributed to a range of open source products. we are truly an international company, and have offices in every continent around the world (though you will be based here in the united states). what's in it for you? this is a great chance for a data engineer to work on a number of exciting and challenging projects with a company that values your background. you will also get to fulfill your love of travel while working with interesting organizations at the forefront of their industries. 
posted on: monday, november 27, 2017						
compensation:  $225,000 - $275,000
				

					
tagged: 
data science 










position contact


matt stabile
data science and engineering manager
(646) 828-6029
new york, ny


 
				apply to this job
		
























email




phone









or





			submitting
			






 



new york, ny •  info@averityteam.com


powered by crelate





