 


trinet hire | measurement science




















 
jobs at muse biotechnology, inc.








measurement science





                  boulder, co
                

type: full-time
min. experience: some experience





            back to job listings
 










we are looking for a highly talented scientist to be a key member of our metrology team. a candidate with fundamental knowledge of measurement techniques used to quantify biomaterials and process will become a key contributor to integrated and multidisciplinary teams developing new crispr-based dna editing technology platforms. candidates with a proven experience characterizing of biomaterials (dna, rna, proteins, macromolecules), polymers, and devices using a variety of spectroscopic and/or analytical methods will be considered. as a successful candidate you will work in a dynamic, team-oriented environment to create technology that enables scientific discovery. 
responsibilities:
develop analytical methods to characterize products & processes. quantify and characterize biomaterials, thin films, polymers and functionalized surfaces.
evaluate analytical tools and techniques.
develop manufacturing-friendly metrology. 
perform and lead failure analysis.
support process development by interpreting data and providing guidance for process optimization.
manage external development partners and contact manufacturers.  interface with third party analytical labs to plan experiments and analyze results.
analytical method gauge r&r, verification, validation & transfer from r&d to manufacturing. 
maintaining analytical equipment and operating procedures. 
work collaboratively with biochemists, molecular biologist, enzyme engineers, and bioinformaticians.
present clear and concise written and oral communications to colleagues and supervisors, lead and/or participate in technical meetings, and provide recommendations based on technical results.
preferred educational background:the ideal candidate will have a phd in physical chemistry, analytical chemistry, physics, biophysics or a closely related field.preferred experiential background:
successful candidates will have a strong background in a subset of the following areas:
demonstrated experience solving challenging, interdisciplinary research/development problems at the interface of biology, chemistry and materials science.  
chromatographic techniques such as gc-ms and hplc. fluorescence microscopy, spectroscopic methods.
knowledge of techniques used for nucleic acid and protein analysis also essential.
strong theoretical and practical analytical chemistry skills.
understanding of fluidic dynamics at the micron scale.   
biophysics research in the behavior and interaction of dna, proteins and/or other biological systems.   
strong quantitative, applied mathematics experience in probability theory, multivariate calculus, differential equations, and advanced topics in mathematical physics.  
experience in at least one programming or scripting language such as c#, c++, java, matlab, r or python.  
demonstrated ability to overcome technical challenges in a fast-paced environment within an interdisciplinary team setting. 




apply for this job






first name



last name



email address



location














phone number



resume



attach resume






attach another file



attach file



  

add another


attach your cover letter - or:



attach cover letter






cut and paste your cover letter below:













linkedin url
should be {http://www.linkedin.com/pub/[member-name/]x/y/z} or {http://www.linkedin.com/in/string}








© 2014-2017 trinet group, inc. all rights reserved.



