



return path careers - data engineer



























 











                                                    return path careers                                            







                data engineer
    
    

                            engineering            
                    broomfield,
                            colorado
                
                        



        apply
    


description

who is return path?return path is the expert in email deliverability. every day, our customers trust our data and insights to help them optimize their email marketing. partnered with best-in-class email service providers, we help marketers take their email programs to the next level by driving more response and increasing revenue.at return path, we know email.through the return path data exchange, we’ve brought together the world’s most comprehensive source of data from the email ecosystem. we partner with more than 70 providers of mailbox and security solutions, covering 2.5 billion inboxes—approximately 70 percent of the worldwide total. also feeding into this data platform is our consumer network of more than 2 million consumers, delivering unparalleled insight into user behavior, brand affinity, and consumer preferences.once you’re an employee here, this is a place where you’ll be challenged, inspired, rewarded, and transformed.the impact you’ll havethe return path data engineering team is responsible for general database administration, processing and maintenance of "big data", and the rollout and administration of tools to help employees access data. as a data engineer, you will collaborate with fellow engineers, data scientists and data analysts to support their needs and the needs of the business.while you don’t need a fancy degree to work here, you do need to embrace learning and continuous improvement, have a strong technical skill set, and favor simple solutions over complex ones. the people we hire are pragmatic, versatile, compelled by data and self-directed.what does it take to be successful in this role?mid-to-senior engineer with at least 4 years of professional experience in the software development field.you have experience with, and a desire to continue exploring large data processing solutions (spark, mapreduce, hadoop, hive, hbase, etc)you are proficient in some or all of the following programming languages:pythonscalalinux/unix shell scriptingyou have a deep understanding of and experience with relational database systemssqlstored procedure experienceoracle expertise a plusyou have development experience on linux/unix systemsfamiliar with linux/unix command lineexperience with linux/unix utilities (i.e. cron, grep, editors, innovating processes, etc)knowledge of cloud data access tools such as qubole and snowflake a pluswe use virtualization/cloud technologypublic or private cloud (e.g. amazon aws)docker / kubernetesexposure to common software development/deployment tools helpfulrevision control systems (git/github/gerrit preferred)continuous integration (e.g. jenkins)you have an analytical and creative mind with a deep understanding of data structures and algorithmsyou love working in an agile environment and are self-motivatedpeople firstwe are building an extraordinary company that helps people and businesses communicate more reliably, effectively, and securely. we put people first, do the right thing, and succeed together.we believe that our people are the most important part of our business. we incorporate this philosophy into our practices and we live it every day. this means we have generous traditional benefits and take a lot of time to focus on quality management and leadership development. we also strive to ensure each person in the company is in the right job, knows how his or her job contributes to the overall company mission, and has a clear sense of career growth and direction. we have great employee retention because people love our culture and really feel like they're part of something special.do the right thingthe rp experience is a two-way exchange. we expect you to give us your best day in and day out, and you can expect the same from us. in exchange for your talent, your energy, and your unique contributions, we will strive to give you the flexibility to live a balanced, healthy life. this means more than competitive pay and benefits—it means offering the freedom to create your ideal experience inside and outside the office.for more information visit www.returnpath.comreturn path is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. we are committed to equal opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, gender, gender identity, parental or pregnancy status, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, or veteran status.
            
                            



        apply
    

        apply later    


            ← back to current openings        




share





linkedin




facebook




twitter




email






similar jobs





                                    {{ job.title }}
                                












powered by jobvite









