







careers job search





















   
 
   















































job descriptionsign in|new user


















 previous job







next job 








 






job details


















job title


research informatics analyst i


job id


54549





location




aurora, colorado





full/part time

full-time













favorite job





regular/temporary

regular



















why work at children's....






children's hospital colorado has defined and delivered pediatric healthcare excellence for more than 100 years. founded in 1908, children's colorado is a leading pediatric network entirely devoted to the health and well being of children. continually recognized as one of the nation's outstanding hospitals by u.s. news & world report, children's colorado is known both for its nationally and internationally recognized medical, research and education programs as well as the full spectrum of everyday care for kids throughout colorado and surrounding states. with more than 1,000 healthcare professionals representing the full spectrum of pediatric specialties, children's colorado network of care includes its main campus, 16 children's care centers and more than 400 outreach clinics. a career at children's colorado will challenge you, inspire you, and motivate you to make a difference in the life of a child.





additional information






department: ri-research informaticshours per week: 40, eligible for benefitsshift: full time





job overview






this position is responsible for standard level work providing quantitative and qualitative data analysis and reporting identified patterns, insights, and trends to decision makers. duties include collecting, aggregating and analyzing data and producing actionable reports that show key performance indicators, identify areas of improvement and display root cause analysis of problems. communicates findings and insight to stakeholders and provides business strategy recommendations for optimizing business performance. provides reporting solutions, and responds to ad-hoc report requests. potential specialty areas: business intelligence, business objects, clinical, epic, etl, finance, interface, informatica, peoplesoft, quality, report writing, research dw, research, research registryresearch specifics:this position will provide research and data consultation, along with datasets, data extractions and data reports ready for analysis for clinical and translational researchers in the children’s colorado research institute using large database and data analysis techniques. this role will consult with customers regarding the data requirements for retrospective research studies, ensuring that the data decided upon is sufficient for answering the research questions and aims.  further, this role will consult with customers to develop the most appropriate query-based cohorts for a given prospective, retrospective or cross-sectional research study.  this role will perform data extraction, transformation and integration from the epic electronic health record and other institutional data sources to be provided in various outputs as required by the given study. this role will validate code and data from their own work, in addition to assisting fellow analysts and developers with validation activities.  this role will collaborate with other analysts to solve problems, provide feedback on code and reports, and participate in both formal and informal learning opportunities.population specific care• no direct patient care.essential functionsan employee in this position may be called upon to do any or all of the following essential functions. these examples do not include all of the functions which the employee may be expected to perform.• conducts data analysis and develops meaningful, accurate and dependable data reports, research registry forms, and dashboards.• completes data extraction and manipulation to develop meaningful and actionable results and may complete data profiling. supports and performs data validation and auditing.• collaborates with a variety of individuals and department teams to provide comprehensive analyses supporting organizational wide projects, programs, and initiatives. works directly with requestors to ensure best practices for data reporting and variable development. • identifies data sources needed to produce required data sets or reports. ensures delivered data solutions meet requirements. collaborates with others to solve problems and obtain feedback on reports.• prepares, analyzes and develops reports using a variety of different reporting tools. develops regularly scheduled and ad hoc reports for end users and data quality management.• may performs primary and secondary research techniques to produce insightful decisions and support recommendations.• manages, facilitates, and provides oversight for a variety of analytical projects from start to finish.• provides project management, data analysis and support for collaborative work and major improvement initiatives.• presents data-related progress updates and findings to internal and external stakeholders, project teams, departments, and leadership. creates data products, data visualizations and presentations.• involved in the development, preparation and outcome tracking for clinical and operational performance metrics.• gathers functional and technical requirements to design, build, test, deliver and manage data repositories, reporting, etl, data warehouse, registry or data collection forms, and dashboarding functions.• acts as liaison between it teams and business stakeholders and end users.• assumes on-call responsibilities as required.scope and level• guidelines: possesses knowledge of and applies the fundamental concepts, practices and procedures within a particular field of specialization.• complexity: duties and tasks are varied and somewhat complex, but usually involve limited responsibility. procedures, methods and techniques to carry out work may not be well defined, requiring greater analysis.• decision making: has some discretion in making some decisions. decisions and recommendations are made after contemplative analysis and with independent judgment and ingenuity. may escalate the most complex and important decisions to a higher level employee, supervisor and/or manager.• communication: communicates explanatory and/or interpretive information relative to the organization and/or own function with team members, peers, management, clients and in limited cases, the public. uses some discretion and independent judgment when information is exchanged, gathered and/or presented. defers to higher level team members and/or management in many situations.• supervision received: works under some supervision, conferring with higher level employees, supervisor and/or manager as needed.





qualifications






• education – bachelor's degree is required; prefer master’s in public health, epidemiology, informatics, or related field• experience – minimum of three (3) years of related experience is required.• equivalency – combination of post-high school education, job related certification and/or related experience equivalent to seven (7) years may be considered in lieu of minimum requirements. 





physical requirements






• vision - near: clear vision at 20 inches or less• weight lifted/force exerted: up to 10 pounds/4.5 kilos, up to 1/3 of time• hearing: able to clearly hear details• sit: 2/3 or more of time• talk: able to communicate verbally• mental/emotional: able to work in close proximity to others and/or in a distracting enviro• mental/emotional: able to cope with stress effectively• mental/emotional: able to prioritize effectivelywork environment• mental/emotional: able to tolerate ambiguity• mental/emotional: able to prioritize effectively• mental/emotional: may be subject to many interruptions• office work environment: regular/frequent exposure• bloodborne pathogen category 2: occasional exposure to blood/body fluid





equal employment opportunity






it is our intention that all qualified applicants be given equal opportunity and that selection decisions be based on job-related factors. we do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, national origin, sex, age, disability, or any other status protected by law or regulation.  be aware that none of the questions are intended to imply illegal preferences or discrimination based on non-job-related information.




































return to previous page













t
 




help


test     



 
careers job search 
default local node:dbname:portal:node:workcenter id:url:
 



test





