





2018 schwab intern academy: analytics and business insight intern track  job in austin, tx at schwab




































charles schwab corporation




who we are
what we do
leadership
careers
citizenship
perspectives





investor relations

governance
news room









diversity
financial consultants
grads and students
veterans
women
events







 careers home
> job details




2018 schwab intern academy: analytics and business insight intern track





apply now
       







job id: 1101-36920
job category: campus programs/internships
relevant work experience: no work experience
current licenses / certifications: none


position located in: tx - austin, az - phoenix, co - lone tree, ca - san francisco
education: ba/bs
job type: full time






                		 description: austin - tx, aus1, 2309 gracy farms lane, 78758amy elizabeth munson1101-36920we believe that, when done right, investing liberates people to create their own destiny. we are driven by our purpose to champion every client’s goals with passion and integrity. we respect and appreciate the diversity of our employees, our clients, and the communities we serve. we challenge conventions strategically to create value for our clients, our firm and the world. we live and bring to life the concept of ‘own your tomorrow’ every day. we champion our employee strengths, guide their development, and invest in their long-term success. we hire optimistic, results-oriented, curious, innovative, and adaptable people with the desire to help our clients and one another succeed.
as a company, we were established by chuck over 40 years ago to champion main street over wall street, and to help americans transform themselves from earners to owners. through advocacy and innovation, we work to make investing more affordable, accessible and understandable for all.  as we enter our fifth decade, we are looking for talented, innovative and driven people who believe they can help themselves, and our clients, create a better future.
our opportunity:
work with a company that has been challenging the conventions of the financial services industry for over 40 years through an internship with charles schwab. schwab’s mission is to help our clients create a better future for themselves, their families, and their communities. it is summed up in our tagline – own your tomorrow – and it permeates everything we do.
schwab intern academy is our centrally managed summer internship program that recruits juniors and rising seniors within a year of graduation. as an affirmative action employer, schwab takes affirmative action to employ qualified minorities, women, individuals with disabilities, and protected veterans in our intern program.  as a culture that values diversity and inclusion, schwab encourages the application of women, minorities, individuals with disabilities and protected veterans.
the design of the program invites interns to engage directly in schwab’s culture of service, while challenging them with a blend of learning programs, team-building activities, networking opportunities, and enriching work projects. features of our 2018 program include:

business track project: work with a schwab organization that provides a meaningful and valuable experience to translate classroom learning into real business projects.
intern cohort project: partner with other interns to brainstorm, discuss learning experiences, and present solutions.
learning activities: participate in facilitated classroom training, team discussions and events, individual assessments and activities, senior leader meetings, and on-the-job training.
feedback loop: receive regular feedback from your manager, participate in career-related discussions, and provide your own feedback.
strengths application: learn about yourself and how to apply your unique strengths, abilities, and goals to the work you do as part of schwab’s ‘strengths-based’ culture.
networking: gain support by interacting with professionals across schwab, including senior leaders, peers, and schwab intern academy alumni.

we look for students with:

optimism and curiosity, who are inspired by a keen sense of purpose, awareness, and knowledge 
adaptability and flexibility, who enjoy working through cross-functional partnerships and collaboration to achieve a common purpose
an innovative and questioning mindset, who constantly look for better ways to do things, have  a passion for service, and aim to exceed client expectations

because interns are considered a primary pipeline for full-time opportunities, every intern candidate must be eligible for full-time employment upon graduation and must also meet the following requirements:

enrolled in a current undergraduate program tracking to a bachelor’s degree
plan to graduate between december 2018 and may/june 2019
can work full time and on-site at schwab during the 9-week program (june 11 to august 10)
have specific skills as needed by the hosting business track

schwab is recognized as an industry leader, and our welcoming culture will embrace your individuality and partner you with other like-minded and solution-focused students. we will invest in your summer experience by providing you direction and leadership for a robust and well-rounded internship, as well as helping you focus on a potential future career with schwab.
please note: the 2018 schwab intern academy features multiple job opportunities. we encourage you to apply for all positions for which you are qualified and interested. regardless of which opportunity you pursue, we will provide you with a consistent and unique experience – one you won’t soon forget!
 analytics and business insight intern track
analytics and business insight is a department of 150+ team members focused on firm-wide strategic decision support, client behavior diagnostics, advanced analytics, market research, client loyalty, management reporting, and client and prospect data management. our mission is to help schwab compete on analytics – in particular, to serve our clients and cultivate their loyalty by understanding their needs and goals better than anyone, and then to make data-driven, strategic decisions. our services are in heavy demand due to our reputation for accuracy, strong business insight, outstanding productivity, and attention to detail.
are you interested in learning how to discover insights and influence others to turn them into action? as an intern with our group you will develop the skillset to deliver quantitative and qualitative insights to support data-driven decision making and measure the impact.  we work collaboratively across the company to drive strategic thinking and deliver impactful analysis and reporting.
what you'll do:
analytics interns
the analytics function at charles schwab provides advanced quantitative analyses to deliver insights to help business partners and senior leadership better understand our prospects, clients, and products. these insights help guide charles schwab in the development of new product/service offerings, better target prospects and clients, increase acquisition of desired prospects, understand the roi of advertising and marketing promotions, and identify strategies to grow client engagement, retention, and loyalty.  our analytical services are in heavy demand across the firm as our team is a critical component in schwab’s commitment to being a leading data-driven organization.
during the course of the summer you will learn how analytics supports a large organization including being able to successfully articulate the linkage between business decisions, business objectives, and analytical approaches & findings. you will work on a specific analytics problem under the guidance of an experienced analytics manager that will involve development of an analytical framework, identifying data needed to solve the problem, exploring and visualizing data, developing conclusions and building a final presentation deck.  during the process you will develop contextual skills with analytical tools such as sas, r, sql, excel and tableau.
business intelligence intern
the business intelligence function is an internal consulting group that leverages data, analytics and research to build out measurement, reporting, and analytics solutions that help our business partners track progress and make strategic business decisions to grow the business.  these solutions help charles schwab track new product/service offerings, better understand prospects and clients, increase acquisition of desired prospects, understand the roi of advertising and marketing promotions, and identify strategies to grow client engagement, retention, and loyalty.  our measurement and reporting solutions are in heavy demand across the firm as our team is a critical component in schwab’s commitment to being a leading data-driven organization.
during the course of the summer you will learn how business intelligence solutions support a large organization including how to leverage an analytic mindset to develop reporting solutions to drive informed decision making across product and business lines. you will work on a specific business intelligence project under the guidance of an experienced business intelligence manager that will involve development of business intelligence assets involving complex data sets, identifying key trends and visualizing those findings into a final presentation.  during the process you will develop contextual skills with analytical and reporting tools such as tableau, sql, excel, sas, and r.
data science intern
the data science team at charles schwab provides advanced capabilities in machine learning, data mining and statistical analyses to deliver actionable insights to help business partners and senior leadership better understand our prospects, clients, and products. these insights help guide charles schwab in the development of new product/service offerings, better target prospects and clients, increase acquisition of desired prospects, understand the roi of advertising and marketing promotions, and identify strategies to grow client engagement, retention, and loyalty.  our services are in heavy demand across the firm as our team is a critical component in schwab’s commitment to being a leading data-driven organization.
during the course of the summer you will learn how data science and machine learning supports a large organization including being able to successfully articulate the linkage between business decisions, business objectives, and analytical approaches & findings. you will work on a specific data science problem under the guidance of an experienced data scientist that will involve development of a methodology framework, identifying datasets needed to solve the problem, exploring and visualizing data, developing conclusions and creating a final presentation. during the process you will develop contextual skills with the latest data science tool stack within the r, python and spark ecosystems. 
what you have: 

planned graduation date between december 2018 and may/june 2019, earning a bachelor’s degree in economics, psychology, hard sciences, applied math, computer science, information systems, information technology, engineering, operational research, finance or a similar major.
coursework or interest in learning sql, sas, excel, r, python, spark or tableau.
curiosity to learn how to work with and interpret large data sets and turn the findings into actionable insights.
excellent communication skills (written and verbal)
excellent  organizational skills, enabling one to manage multiple priorities
ability to build strong relationships and work effectively with various levels of the organization throughout the company

charles schwab & co., inc. is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer committed to diversifying its workforce. it is schwab's policy to provide equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding, or related medical conditions), gender identity or expression, national origin, ancestry, age, disability, legally protected medical condition, genetic information, marital status, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, military status, citizenship status or any other status that is protected by law. schwab also does not discriminate against applicants or employees because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant.  at schwab, we believe that every employee, through their diverse abilities and experiences, can contribute to our growth, innovation and client loyalty. we embrace diversity and are committed to providing equal opportunity to all employees and applicants. if you have a disability, and require reasonable accommodations in the application process, call human resources at 800-725-3535. we will be happy to assist you. schwab will only share your accommodation request with those individuals who have a specific need to know. the request for an accommodation will not affect schwab’s hiring decisions. all other submissions should be performed online.
 charles schwab & co., inc. will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories consistent with san francisco ordinance 17-14 and federal law and regulations applicable to charles schwab.   
                		 job specifications 

relocation offered?:
no


work schedule:
days


languages:
english - spoken


current licenses / certifications:
none


relevant work experience:
no work experience


position located in:
tx - austin, az - phoenix, co - lone tree, ca - san francisco


education:
ba/bs


job type:
full time


  
						 category:campus programs/internships 
                		 activation date: wednesday, november 1, 2017   
                		 expiration date: saturday, november 25, 2017 
apply here


apply now
       



link for schema



















                    brokerage products: not
                    fdic insured • no bank guarantee • may lose value
                



            charles schwab & co., inc. is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer committed to diversifying its workforce.  it is schwab's policy to provide equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex  (including pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding, or related medical conditions), gender identity or expression,  national origin, ancestry, age, disability, legally protected medical condition, genetic information, marital status, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, military status, citizenship status or any other status that is protected by law.  schwab also does not discriminate against applicants or employees because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant.
        

            at schwab, we believe that every employee, through their diverse abilities and experiences, can contribute to our growth, innovation and client loyalty. we embrace diversity and are committed to providing equal opportunity to all employees and applicants. if you have a disability, and require reasonable accommodations in the application process, call human resources at 800-725-3535. we will be happy to assist you. schwab will only share your accommodation request with those individuals who have a specific need to know. the request for an accommodation will not affect schwab’s hiring decisions. all other submissions should be performed online.
        

            the charles schwab corporation provides a full range of securities, brokerage, banking, money
            management, and financial advisory services through its operating subsidiaries. its broker-dealer
            subsidiary, charles schwab & co., inc. (“schwab”), 
                member
                sipc
            , offers investment services and products, including schwab brokerage accounts. its banking
            subsidiary, charles schwab bank (member fdic and an equal housing lender), provides deposit and lending
            services and products.
        








 © charles schwab & co., inc. (member sipc) all rights reserved. (1115-7068)

contact

site map
schwab.com




facebook
twitter
youtube
linkedin
google plus



powered by smashfly





