galvanize - instructor, sr. data scientistinstructor, sr. data scientistaustininstructional – instructional teamfull-timeapply for this jobwe are growing our data science instructional team at galvanize.  our instructors train technical professionals with programming experience to solve data science problems utilizing innovative educational techniques.  we’re looking for passionate educators and practical problem solvers with demonstrated flexibility and curiosity.   we are seeking data science instructors for classes in austin, san francisco, seattle, denver, and boulder.  join us in building the world's hub for education in data science and data engineering. as a data science instructor at galvanize, you will:deliver lectures and tutorials on scientific python, sql, probability, statistics (bayesian and frequentist), machine learning, and data engineering.lead day-long “sprints,” maintaining a strong presence in the classroom and helping other instructional staff.deftly and patiently field student questions and provide feedback in lectures and office hours.build and refine data science curriculum and assignments.utilize student feedback and experimentation to continuously improve teaching and assessment methods.evaluate new tools, packages, and tutorials for use in the curriculum.professional development:at galvanize, we strive to provide meaningful professional development opportunities to all of our employees. here are just a few of the ways you will continue to grow and “level-up” as a data scientist and a teacher:  there’s no better way to learn than to teach! you’ll be amazed at how much you’ll develop skills you thought you were already an expert in just by helping students and planning lessons.opportunities to work with and learn from other data science and full stack instructors in a highly collaborative environment.previous projects have involved:  deep learning, deep engineering and architecture, applied statistics and statistical modeling, web development ruby on rails, angular, ember, react, and node.js and express.become the best instructor you can be with ongoing training and support.expected experience:industry experience in a data scientist or software engineer role.master's or phd in a quantitative discipline such as engineering, statistics, or mathematicsstrong understanding in the topics we teach: scientific python, probability, statistics (probability, a/b testing, bayesian methods, regression methods, time series), sql, machine learning (decision trees, random forest, boosting, support vector machines, clustering, natural language processing, recommenders, graphs), data engineering (hadoop, hive, and mapreduce), data visualization (d3), and data at scale. for more details on the program visit: http://www.galvanize.com/courses/data-science/#.viqz4lqr8uuoutstanding communication skills.experience teaching a quantitative subject preferred.galvanize provides equal employment opportunities (eeo) to all employees and applicants for employment. qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, age, marital status, protected veteran status, or disability status.apply for this jobgalvanize home pagejobs powered by 