blend - data analystdata analystsan franciscoengineeringfull-timeapply for this jobat blend, we’re dedicated to improving lending. we’re an enterprise technology company, but our product affects the most important purchase most people will make in their lifetime—their home. for homebuyers, our product means a clear, guided path to a new home. for lenders, it means modern, easy-to-use tools that let employees spend their time helping customers, rather than on repetitive, manual tasks. by aligning and modernizing this archaic industry, we believe everybody wins.we need someone who’s driven to solve hard problems—the harder the better. we’re motivated by the fact that our product won’t just affect the lives of a few people in the bay area—it affects people all over america, not to mention a foundational part of the u.s. economy. founded in 2012 by former palantir leaders, we’re currently backed by greylock, founders fund, andreessen horowitz and other prominent investors.the data analyst will support data needs across our growing company. as an early member of our analytics team, you will help to define howwe work with data and influence decision making throughout blend with your insightful analysis and reporting. you will work closely with ourdata engineering teams, gaining expertise in data analysis, visualization, and infrastructure.our ideal data analyst is passionate about data, insights, and data-driven decision making. she or he has experience working in sqland python, has solid foundations in statistics, and is very effective in communication. you may be a great fit if you work well bothindependently and collaboratively, take ownership of your work, and can explain complicated ideas to just about anyone.blend is an equal opportunity employer that values diversity, inclusion and belonging. we do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.responsibiltiescreate and maintain dashboards to enable data-driven decision making.answer ad-hoc analytics questions about our products and operations.collaborate with data engineers to develop and implement an etl system for blend’s rapidly growing datasets.conduct exploratory analysis to discover valuable insights for our organization.requirementsextensive experience working with sql.familiarity with python is very helpful.understanding of fundamental probability and statistical concepts, such as hypothesis testing, maximum likelihood, and basic regression.demonstrated the ability to structure complex problems, derive insights from data, and communicate and inspire actions.bs in a quantitative discipline.apply for this jobblend home pagejobs powered by 