




big data solution engineer - apps systems engineer 5 description at wells fargo






























skip navigation






close

our benefits
our values
our hiring process



social media

twitter
linkedin
youtube
glassdoor
facebook













search our jobs

search our jobs

keyword



location



radius
select
5 miles
15 miles
25 miles
35 miles
50 miles



search our jobs




    in order to provide you with a better search experience, we will be performing scheduled site maintenance starting saturday 12/16, 6:00am cst through 2:00pm cst. you will not be able to apply for jobs during this maintenance period. we are sorry for any inconvenience this may have caused but we look forward to you continuing your search soon.





job description
big data solution engineer - apps systems engineer 5
apply now
job id 5367074 schedule type reg-time work hours 40 location san francisco, california;

job descriptionsolution engineering team in wells fargo enterprise data lake is leveraging big data technologies and cutting edge innovations in solving business critical problems. we work with business and technology teams and provide solutions with our vast data and processing power in the data lake. the position is for a senior engineer with solid experiences in big data related technologies. the new team member will focus on building and supporting our machine learning platforms. the position will be located at either new york, ny or san francisco, ca.  a successful candidate for this role will have a service-oriented mentality and possess a strong sense of ownership of the problems/requests assigned.  the role will focus on evaluating technology solutions; building up and enhance the platform; offering solutions and supports to our business users. required qualifications7+ years of application development and implementation experience9+ years of java experience2+ years of hadoop experience7+ years of unix experience5+ years of sql experiencedesired qualificationsgood verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skillsknowledge and understanding of linuxhadoop experiencepython experiencejava experiencebig data experienceother desired qualifications solid experience in linux system and its administration solid experience in hadoop and its related technologies like spark and hive solid experience in hadoop administration, installation, trouble shooting and  performance tuning,  hands on experiences in java, python and pyspark. experience in machine learning technologies experience in designing and developing technical solutions with big data technologies. excellent verbal/written communication and presentation skills, abilities to articulate technical solutions to both technical and business audiences. excellent planning, project management, leadership and time management skills abilities to work independently. delivery focus and willingness to work in a fast-paced, mission-critical production environment. street addressca-sf-south of market area: 45 fremont street - san francisco, cadisclaimerall offers for employment with wells fargo are contingent upon the candidate having successfully completed a criminal background check.  wells fargo will consider qualified candidates with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable local, state and federal law, including section 19 of the federal deposit insurance act.relevant military experience is considered for veterans and transitioning service men and women.wells fargo is an affirmative action and equal opportunity employer, minority/female/disabled/veteran/gender identity/sexual orientation.

0216016 corporate finance
apply now




share

linkedin
twitter
email




about our location
san francisco office
view map 


sign up for our talent community
sign up


email addressselect your interestsjoin the wells fargo family, where we work together to help our customers and each other achieve success. explore our career opportunities and apply today. select a category and/or location to receive job alerts that match your interests then click “add.”categorylocationaddremove

confirm email















related jobs


performance engineer- apps systems engineer 4 - minneapolis, minnesota


intake leader - business initiatives manager - minneapolis, minnesota


analytic consultant 2 - business intelligence development on web portal for wells fargo marketing - san francisco, california




find jobs near you





working at wells fargo – our hiring process











building a career
"we work hard to provide candidates with information and guidance that make it easy to understand what we have to offer as an employer. job seekers wi









giving back
hear from gigi dixon, director of strategic partnerships for diversity & inclusion & strategic philanthropy talk about her work and passion for giving









veteran internship
veteran internship











wells fargo is committed to hiring and retaining diverse team members including military veterans, veterans with disabilities, and transitioning military personnel. we are working to increase diverse representation throughout the company and create an inclusive environment for all team members. when recruiting, we work with talent resources that focus on diversity and veterans. we attend veteran-focused job fairs and identify military veteran job seekers through resources like military.com, recruit military.com, hire vets first, our internal veterans’ team member network and others. to learn more about career opportunities with our company, please visit us at wellsfargo.com/careers.
we also welcome you to visit our military employment portal at wellsfargo-veterans.jobs. this innovative platform allows service men and women preparing to transition into civilian life to use their current military occupation code (moc) or military occupation specialty (mos) to easily find civilian jobs on corporate career sites. this technology provides the cornerstone all companies need to start effectively communicating their available employment opportunities to military men and women who are transitioning into civilian life.









legal notices
eeo is the law
site map

relevant military experience is considered for veterans and transitioning service men and women. wells fargo is an affirmative action and equal opportunity employer, minority/female/disabled/veteran/gender identity/sexual orientation. 
© 2017 wells fargo bank, n.a. all rights reserved.
















-->
	
	









