









career center



































new search
                       
                    


login page
                       
                    














position description























 



scientist




id


2713




location


austin, tx




practice/center


human factors




apply now
exponent is a leading engineering and scientific consulting firm. our multidisciplinary team of scientists, engineers, physicians, and regulatory consultants brings together more than 90 different disciplines to solve complicated problems facing corporations, insurers, government entities, associations and individuals. our approximately 1000 staff members work in 26 offices across the united states and abroad. exponent has over 800 consultants, including more than 500 that have earned a doctorate in their chosen field of specialization.
exponent’s human factors practice is seeking a scientist for our austin, tx office. this position will involve applying expertise in human performance to the analysis of everyday behavior, accidents, and injuries across a wide variety of scenarios, including vehicle operation, occupational work, and consumer products.
additional responsibilities will include:


managing a range of consulting activities that involve analysis and application of human perceptual, cognitive, and motor response capabilities and limitations


developing client contacts and working on multi-disciplinary projects


providing case management, data processing, writing, and other project support


conducting research to obtain and review technical data, scientific literature, and standards


designing and conducting human subjects testing


participating in the design and evaluation of warnings and safety information


qualifications for this position include:


ph.d. in cognitive or experimental psychology, neuroscience, or related discipline


excellent written and verbal communication skills, as well as strong interpersonal skills


proficient with word, excel, and powerpoint


assertive, proactive, and able to work with accuracy under pressure and/or deadlines


willing to expand present knowledge


strong mathematical aptitude and matlab proficiency a plus


we are an affirmative action, equal employment opportunity, veterans and disabled employer.
 

back
email
apply now







exponent is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer.
please see our equal employment opportunity (eeo) policy. if you would like more information about your eeo rights under the law, please click eeo is the law and eeo is the law supplement.


















