
eye tracking scientist job - mediascience - austin, tx | indeed.com























skip to job description, searchclose










find jobscompany reviewsfind salariesfind resumesemployers / post job







upload your resume


sign in







:







what
where





advanced job search


 

 



 



job title, keywords or company


city, state, or zip












eye tracking scientist

mediascience
     -
austin, tx 78753

this job posting is no longer available on indeed.
find similar jobs:eye tracking scientist jobs
                         - mediascience jobs




an eye tracking researcher is being sought for a private neuromarketing and media research company headquartered in austin, texas.mediascience® is looking for a researcher with experience in eye tracking measurement and data analysis. experience with eye tracking in relation to media content is strongly desired. a focus on quantitative research, and academic english skills in written and oral communication are also preferred. applicants must have hands-on lab experience with human participants and eye tracking measurement equipment. a ph.d. in visual systems, psychology, (or related field) is preferred but not required.job requirements: experience with eye tracking researcheye tracking equipment, data collection, data processing, and data analysisstrong proficiency with matlab is preferredstrong statistical analysis skillsability to work with large data setsan understanding of the value of all types of data collecteda solid understanding of experimental proceduresstrong understanding of visual information processingmeticulous attention to detailprofessional demeanorpositive attitudehigh level of teamworkability to be thorough with even small taskswillingness to learnability to multi-task and work against strict deadlinespay and hoursthe eye tracking researcher is a full-time position and will work 40 hours per week. pay is commensurate with experience and skills. flexible shifts may be available.applicants are currently being considered to fill one full-time position. if you are interested, please send the following as part of your submission:why you are interested in this positionyour resume or c.v.first available start dateany u.s. work authorizations or permits requiredabout mediascience ®mediascience® conducts research for major television and media companies such as espn, facebook, nbc, a&e, google, viacom, and hulu, as well as national advertisers. we apply the rigor of experimental research to the evaluation of various media and advertising platforms using a variety of research tools and methods including psychophysiology, eye tracking, facial coding, response latency testing, and survey. we are always exploring additional new methods that might complement our toolbox. mediascience® offers a variety of benefits including health insurance, 401k, gym memberships, and more.job type: full-timejob location:austin, tx 78753required education:doctoraterequired experience:eye tracking: 2 yearsrequired language:english

indeed - 11 days ago   -  save job










view or apply to job


other jobs you may like


test and compliance engineer

philips lighting -
					san marcos, tx
30+ days ago


medical affairs scientist (united states)

inc research -
					austin, tx
30+ days ago


researcher

dimensional fund advisors -
					austin, tx
10 days ago


engineering scientist - geophysicist

university of texas at austin -
					austin, tx
12 days ago


method development scientist - lc-ms/ms

alere -
					austin, tx
30+ days ago






eye tracking scientist jobs in austin, tx


jobs at mediascience in austin, tx


eye tracking scientist salaries in austin, tx




 





let employers find youthousands of employers search for candidates on indeedupload your resume










about - help center


©2017 indeed - cookies, privacy and terms



let employers find you  upload your resume











