









zipcar - opportunities - north america - data engineer (4091)


























main menu

for everybody
for business
zipvan






main menu

menu
join!
is zipcar for me?
how it works
find cars
rates & plans
blog





















loading...




data engineer (4091)



location:zipcar san mateo ca country:united states employment type:full time pay type:salary 







loading...
enlarge map











hi there. we’re zipcar, the world’s leading car-sharing network, driven to make cities better places to live.
since 2000, we’ve worked hard to turn a brilliant and disruptive idea into a movement that serves more than a million members worldwide. we’re keeping the pedal to the metal and growing every day. that’s why we need talented, passionate people with great ideas to join the zipcar family.
want to work for a company that is shaping the future of urban mobility? ready to join a dynamic, playful, diverse, and respectful company that’s seriously changing the world? then apply! to learn more, visit zipcar.com or zipcar.com/careers.
summary:
zipcar is seeking a data engineer that will be a leader in our efforts to leverage data about our members and vehicles, so that we may continually improve the zipcar experience and support internal operations.
 
responsibilities:
responsibilities include but are not limited to the following:

design and build scalable data infrastructure to support real-time analytics
manage data capture, transformation, and pipelines across our production applications and hadoop cluster
collaborate closely with data scientists and software engineers to deploy and scale machine-learning models into production
support the development of backend and frontend tools serving a variety of internal business processes and consumer-facing products
contribute to data architecture and technology decisions with expert understanding of data engineering best practices
use modern software tooling for rapid development, integrated testing, and high performance

 
qualifications:
the successful candidate must have the following experience, skills, and education:

bs in computer science, mathematics, statistics, engineering, or equivalent experience
experience and skill in data technologies, including:

hadoop distributions (e.g. cloudera, aws)
data pipelines (e.g. kafka / flume, kinesis / lambda)
data storage (e.g. hdfs, s3)
data processing frameworks (e.g. spark, mapreduce)
data querying (e.g. impala, redshift, sparksql)
programming languages (e.g. java, python, scala)


experience supporting data-driven products, applications, and features
excellent verbal and written communication skills

 
the ideal candidate has:

experience with data storage and processing at scale
experience with geospatial data
desire to learn new tools, frameworks, languages
exposure to various software lifecycle tools such as git, jira, etc.
a commitment to zipcar’s ideals of sustainable resource sharing and urban mobility

 
as a member of the zipcar team you get a great benefits package including health and dental insurance, 401k, vacation time, paid holidays, personal and sick leave, along with a full complement of other insurance and support programs.
because our work has a global impact, we enthusiastically support each employee’s commitment to creating a better world by offering:

free zipcar membership & discounted driving rates for you and your significant other
paid volunteer time off
bicycle commuter reimbursement
paid parental leave for mothers & fathers
training and development programs to accelerate career growth
global footprint of job locations and opportunities
flexible and open work arrangements
fun, respectful, passionate, and collaborative environment
educational assistance program
company sponsored parties, outings, and events
discounts on a variety of products and services through zipcar partners

zipcar is an eeo employer 
 to all recruitment agencies: zipcar does not accept agency resumes. please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, zipcar employees or any other company location. zipcar is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes
 

             
            



apply for this role











loading...
close maplocationzipcar san mateo ca15 n ellsworth ave, san mateo, california, united states of america, 94401loading...open in google maps













apply now








                    rate this page
                



loading...



012345










                    share this page
                







                    vacancy alerts
                

                    create an alert subscription based on this vacancy
                



create alert subscription











loading

























careers



overview
who we are
life at zipcar
teams
locations
opportunities
international
north america
internships












search vacancies

loading...








enter search text 
enter a location 























about |
faqs |
press |
careers |
gift certificates |
contact |
0333 240 9000



join the conversation
facebook
twitter
google+
youtube
linkedin
products & services
business |
university |
fastfleet |
zipvan



terms of use |
privacy policy |
copyright © 2017 zipcar, inc. all rights reserved.



                        zipcar (uk) ltd - registration no. 04525217.
 registered in england & wales. vat registration no - 832428339 
registered office - melbury house, 51 wimbledon hill rd, london sw19 
7qw. zipcar is the world's largest car sharing and car club provider. 
reserve zipcars in london, bristol, cambridge and oxford, plus north american zipcar cities including new york, san francisco and toronto.
                    
canada | españa | france | österreich | united kingdom | united states
we use cookies to ensure we deliver the best experience on our website. by using the site, you agree to the use of cookies. learn more | don't show me again.






