






data scientist - solaria labs at liberty mutual group


























skip navigation




personal insurance
business insurance

about liberty mutual

our company
international
careers
























menuliberty mutual insurancehome



closeliberty mutual insurance



home

working here


at liberty mutual
our approach
your development
capabilities & expectations
benefits
diversity & inclusion


corporate philanthropy
about liberty mutual




opportunities & locations


opportunities
actuarial
analytics
claims
customer service
digital customer experience
finance & accounting
human resources


opportunities cont.
internal audit
investments
legal
marketing
nursing
product management
risk control


opportunities cont.
sales
strategy & planning
technology
underwriting
locations map




students & graduates


undergraduates
undergraduate development programs
undergraduate internships
undergraduate profiles & stories
undergraduate tips


graduates
graduate opportunities
graduate internships
graduate profiles & stories




search jobs


experienced hires
undergrads & grads
current employees





personal insurance
business insurance
our company
international
careers






































pursue a career that’s more true to you. at liberty mutual, we empower you to raise your voice, think outside your job title, and make a real impact — not just within our global, fast-growing company, but in everyday lives.
search our jobs


keyword



location




radius
radius
5 miles
15 miles
25 miles
35 miles
50 miles



go








data scientist - solaria labs
apply
apply later
job id 90657 job location boston, massachusetts
the economy
is transforming: self-driving cars, the internet of things, the sharing and gig
economies, and an ever-changing set of lean start-ups are major contributors to
the disruption of classic business models. to adapt, liberty mutual has
established solaria labs, an innovation center dedicated to testing new ideas, building
products, and launching new companies.the teamsolaria
labs is a rapid prototyping and ‘build’ arm within liberty innovation,
partnering and co-developing with startups, universities like mit, and data-rich
“smart cities” like boston, chicago, and singapore.  we are looking for technical leaders who are
entrepreneurial, passionate about impacting change, and willing to test and
learn.  does building a new future for a
fortune 100 company like liberty mutual excite you? if so, join our team!the challengeto thrive
in tomorrow’s economy, we must launch into fields beyond our core insurance
practice to diversify our business and revenue streams.  we are looking for fresh and modern
perspectives on our 100 years of data and expertise.  can our models of storm and fire risks help you
choose which home to buy, or where homes on the market are undervalued?  can gps samples from our fleet of cars
determine which neighborhoods are safe to walk and bike, or can we plan a route
to minimize your risk while driving to work? 
at solaria, we are rapidly launching new data-driven products where
public interest and markets are merely a new perspective on our core models.the roleyou will
support research and development efforts in a diverse set of challenges as we
rapidly prototype and build new products.  many of the concepts we develop require novel
use of liberty mutual and partner data, and the application of current and
emerging machine learning techniques.  you
will interact with product and engineering teams to implement your solutions
within internal and customer facing software products.  responsibilities include:translate
product ideas into well-posed data science challenges, and solve themfind new
markets and novel applications for our core internal datadesign and
deploy machine learning (ml) systems backing our productstranslate
and champion our ml capabilities for non-technical audiencesparticipate
in the broader ml community to stay current with the latest techniques and
softwareengage
with staff within and beyond the innovation team, training and advocating for
the use of ml techniques in other business areasqualificationscompetencies
typically acquired through a ph.d. degree (in engineering, computer science, mathematics, or other scientific field
of study) and 0-1 years
of relevant experience, a master’s degree (scientific field of study) and 3-4
years of relevant experience or may be acquired through a bachelor’s
degree(scientific field of study) and 4+ years of relevant experience.extensive
experience analyzing data and a broad understanding of core statistical and ml
techniquesexpertise
with python, java, c, or similar language, along with standard machine learning
librariesproven
track record of rapid prototyping and development, leveraging open source or
commercial frameworks (e.g., tensorflow, hadoop, aws)computer
science background, comfortable working with both technical and non-technical
staff to translate concepts and algorithms into working prototypesability
to thrive in a fast-paced environment with significant uncertaintypossess
strong analytical, strategic, project management, decision-making and
problem-solving skillsbenefits:we recognize that talented people are attracted to companies that provide competitive pay, comprehensive benefits packages and outstanding advancement opportunities. for this reason we offer a comprehensive benefits plan that includes the following:401k and company paid pension planmedical coveragedental coveragepaid time-offpay-for-performancediscounts on automobile and homeowner's insurancediscount fitness membershipsflexible spending accountstuition reimbursementvision care coveragework/life resourcescredit union membershipemployee and dependent life insurancedisability insuranceaccidental death & dismemberment insuranceoverview:at liberty mutual, we give motivated, accomplished professionals the opportunity to help us redefine what insurance means; to work for a global leader with a deep sense of humanity and a focus on improving and protecting everyday lives.  we create an inspired, collaborative environment, where people can take ownership of their work; push breakthrough ideas; and feel confident that their contributions will be valued and their growth championed.we’re dedicated to doing the right thing for our employees, because we know that their fulfillment and success leads us to great places. life. happiness. innovation. impact. advancement. whatever their pursuit, talented people find their path at liberty mutual.job:  
                                    analytics
                                 primary location: united states-massachusetts-bostonschedule: full-timesalary: $90,301-$128,800education level: bachelor's degree (±16 years)travel: yes, 10 % of the time
apply
apply later




connect with careers

facebook
twitter
linkedin
glassdoor



sign up for job alerts
your email addressinterested inenter category and/or location, then click add. you must have at least one alert in the list below in order to subscribe.categorylocationaddanalytics, boston, massachusetts, united statesremoveremove

confirm email









notices

philadelphia fair chance law
los angeles fair chance ordinance






    get job listings that match your linkedin profile







related content






tech in the news
technology at liberty mutual in the news.







leading a digital transformation
how we're thinking differently at liberty mutual.







the top-four benefits of flexible work
chief talent & enterprise services officer melanie foley wrote an article for describing the benefits of workplace flexibility.








give us your feedback










about liberty mutual


culture and values
international
careers

2016 annual review
contact us




liberty mutual news


investor relations


philanthropy


personal insurance


 business insurance



resources

retiree portal
1099 tax faq
supplier information




connect with liberty mutual

facebook
twitter
linkedin
google+
youtube




about liberty mutual
liberty mutual news
investor relations
philanthropy
resources
personal insurance
business insurance





member information
web accessibility policy
privacy policy
security policy
terms & conditions
fraud protection
site map
workers compensation

©  liberty mutual insurance, 175 berkeley street, boston, ma 02116 | an equal opportunity employer  and an equal housing insurer | 36 usc 220506
    




















