








sts data studies - assistant/associate professor (jpf01850) - ap recruit












skip to main content






recruit





homeopen recruitmentssts data studies - assistant/associate professor (jpf01850)






sts data studies - assistant/associate professor
apply now to sts data studies - assistant/associate professor


    job #jpf01850
    

          letters and science: social sciences - science & technology studies
        





      recruitment period
    

open date: september 22nd, 2017

last review date: november 13th, 2017
            applications received after this date will be reviewed by the search committee if the position has not yet been filled.
          

final date: june 30th, 2018
          applications will continue to be accepted until this date, but those received after the review date will only be considered if the position has not yet been filled.
        

description
the university of california, davis invites applicants for a tenure-track assistant professor or recently tenured associate professor in the social studies of data and data science including the scientific, political, social, and scholarly use and creation of data. experience and a genuine interest in working in a collaborative environment and especially in collaborating with data scientists are highly desired. the successful applicant will be appointed in the science and technology studies program, with expectation for cross-appointment in an emergent multidisciplinary data science program. the appointee is expected to actively participate in the growing interdisciplinary team of the data science initiative and to take a central role in teaching in and developing a new data studies minor. aimed at social science and humanities students, this minor is designed to introduce students to data science concepts and techniques, teach them to critically analyze and contextualize data questions and results, and prepare them to collaborate with data scientists in work environments.
applicants should have expertise in one or more of the following areas: ethnography or history of the scientific, political, social, and scholarly use and creation of data; computational media; software studies; and ethics, law, and policy of data. applicants should be prepared to teach undergraduate and graduate courses in sts on topics related to critical approaches to data science; data visualization; or information ethics, privacy and policy. applicants should be prepared to teach undergraduate and graduate courses in sts and on topics related to critical approaches to data science; data visualization; information ethics, privacy and policy; successful applicants will also be expected to teach introductory data studies courses focusing on data analysis using excel, r, or equivalent. a ph.d. in either science and technology studies, anthropology, media studies, philosophy, cultural studies, communication, sociology, or a related field should be completed by september 23, 2018.
applicants should be prepared to teach undergraduate and graduate courses in data studies. applicants should submit a cover letter, a cv, 3 letters of recommendation, and a writing sample. applicants should also submit 2-3 example syllabi, one of which should propose a version of either sts 101 or sts 115 (course descriptions available at http://sts.ucdavis.edu/courses/course-descriptions/data-studies). applications must be submitted by november 6, 2017, through the online application form: https://recruit.ucdavis.edu/apply/jpf01850.
the university of california, davis, is an affirmative action / equal opportunity employer with a strong institutional commitment to the achievement of diversity.

job location
davis, ca
requirements
documents
curriculum vitae - your most recently updated c.v.
cover letter
writing sample
example syllabi #1 - should propose a version of either sts 101 or sts 115 (course descriptions available at http://sts.ucdavis.edu/courses/course-descriptions/data-studies). 
example syllabi #2 (optional)
statement of contributions to diversity - diversity contributions documented in the application file will be used to evaluate applicants. visit http://academicaffairs.ucdavis.edu/diversity/equity_inclusion/index.html for guidelines about writing a diversity statement and why one is requested.
statement of research (optional)
statement of teaching (optional)
example syllabi #3 (optional)

references
3-5 references required (contact information only)
how to apply

create an applicantid
provide required information and documents
if any, provide required reference information

get started: press apply now


apply now to sts data studies - assistant/associate professor
questions? contact the hiring department
already applied? log in to your application

    the university of california, davis is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer. you have the right to an equal employment opportunity.
    for more information about your rights, see the eeo is the law supplement.
    the university of california, davis is committed to providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with disabilities.
    see our jeanne clery disclosure of campus security policy and campus crime statistics act annual security reports.





    academic personnel recruit
university of california, davis

  

privacy policy
accessibility
about


  © 2007-2017 the regents of the university of california. all rights reserved.




