








project scientist - russell ranch sustainable ag facility (lawr) uc davis (jpf01843) - ap recruit












skip to main content






recruit





homeopen recruitmentsproject scientist - russell ranch sustainable ag facility (lawr) uc davis (jpf01843)






project scientist - russell ranch sustainable ag facility (lawr) uc davis
apply now to project scientist - russell ranch sustainable ag facility (lawr) uc davis


    job #jpf01843
    

          agricultural and environmental sciences - land air & water resources
        





      recruitment period
    

open date: september 12th, 2017

next review date: december 17th, 2017
            apply by this date to ensure full consideration by the committee.
          

final date: february 28th, 2018
          applications will continue to be accepted until this date, but those received after the review date will only be considered if the position has not yet been filled.
        

description
the russell ranch sustainable agriculture facility (rrsaf) (http://asi.ucdavis.edu/programs/rr) is a unique 300-acre living laboratory, part of uc davis’ agricultural sustainability institute (asi), dedicated to the long-term study of irrigated and dryland agriculture in a mediterranean climate. we measure the long-term impacts of crop rotation, farming systems (conventional, organic and mixed) and inputs of water, nitrogen, carbon and other elements on agricultural sustainability. sustainability indicators include long-term trends in crop yield, profitability, resource-use efficiency (such as water or energy), soil biodiversity and environmental impacts. 
we are searching for a project scientist to make significant and creative contributions to research in sustainable agriculture, agroecology and/or soil science, as well as support the efforts of our diverse research team. responsibilities will include: i) designing and implementing research studies, including utilizing existing long-term data sets; ii) assisting in fund-raising and grant applications, and iii) writing original manuscripts. the project scientist, under the supervision of rrsaf director and in collaboration with our research team, will engage in all aspects of study design and execution, including data acquisition; statistical analysis, modeling and interpretation of results; preparation of manuscripts, report, and proposal; and presentation of findings at conferences and outreach events. other responsibilities will include training of students and staff in the scientific method and specific techniques, as well as some supervision of students. we aim to recruit an outstanding individual, with the appropriate background/experience and creative energy, to interact with our many collaborators and work with minimal supervision. 
candidate should have a phd degree in agroecology, soil science, crop science, agricultural sciences, ecology or related field. experience in conducting research projects, field experimental design, and proposal writing is required. candidate should have a broad range of skills in techniques/instrumentation used in agricultural research, good interpersonal and organization skills, and strong communication (oral and written) skills. renewal of the contract will be contingent upon the availability of adequate funding and performance.
basic qualifications: 
• a phd degree in agricultural science, agroecology, soil science, plant science, crop science, ecology or appropriate related field.
• experience in research projects and field experimental design involving agriculture, agroecology, soil science, and/or related subjects.
• aptitude in communicating and extending technical information.
• interpersonal skills to interact with diverse groups of individuals to facilitate collaborative research, provide information, resolve problems, and increase cooperation among individuals.
• demonstrated ability to effectively communicate via writing and orally.
preferred qualifications:
• potential to accomplish team-based research and education programs in sustainable agriculture.
• experience in effectively and productively interacting with multiple researchers and stakeholders.
• expertise in statistical and graphing programs such as r, sigmaplot.
• experience in writing both proposals and research publications (peer-reviewed and broader audience) 
• evidence of collaborative, interpersonnel- and communication- skills.
salary range: salary dependent upon candidate’s qualifications/experience
term of appointment: 100% for one year (starting asap) with the possibility of extension dependent upon progress and funding.
position available/closing date: for full consideration, apply by october 1, 2017. applications received after this date will only be considered if the position has not yet been filled.
to apply: to apply, please go to the following link: https://recruit.ucdavis.edu/apply/jpfxxx. candidates need to submit a statement of research interests, curriculum vitae, publication list, copies of your three most important publications, copies of undergraduate and graduate transcripts (if within 5 years of either degree), and names, e-mail addresses, and telephone numbers of at least five professional references.
for technical or administrative questions regarding the application process, please contact metroexec@ucdavis.edu. 
the search committee will begin reviewing applications after october 1, 2017. 
this position will remain open until filled.
other questions: please direct questions to kate scow via email to kmscow@ucdavis.edu.
the university of california is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer. all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, age or protected veteran status. for the complete university of california nondiscrimination and affirmative action policy see:
http://policy.ucop.edu/doc/4000376/nondiscrimaffirmact.
under federal law, the university of california may employ only individuals who are legally able to work in the united states as established by providing documents as specified in the immigration reform and control act of 1986. certain ucsc positions funded by federal contracts or sub-contracts require the
selected candidate to pass an e-verify check. more information is available http://www.uscis.gov/e-verify.
uc davis is a smoke & tobacco-free campus (http://breathefree.ucdavis.edu/).
if you need accommodation due to a disability, please contact the recruiting department.

job location
davis, ca
requirements
documents
cover letter (optional)
curriculum vitae - your most recently updated c.v.
statement of research
publication list
publication #1
publication #2
publication #3
undergrad & graduate transcripts - if within 5 years of either degree (optional)
statement of contributions to diversity - diversity contributions documented in the application file will be used to evaluate applicants. visit http://academicaffairs.ucdavis.edu/diversity/equity_inclusion/index.html for guidelines about writing a diversity statement and why one is requested. (optional)

references
5 references required (contact information only)
how to apply

create an applicantid
provide required information and documents
if any, provide required reference information

get started: press apply now


apply now to project scientist - russell ranch sustainable ag facility (lawr) uc davis
questions? contact the hiring department
already applied? log in to your application

    the university of california, davis is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer. you have the right to an equal employment opportunity.
    for more information about your rights, see the eeo is the law supplement.
    the university of california, davis is committed to providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with disabilities.
    see our jeanne clery disclosure of campus security policy and campus crime statistics act annual security reports.





    academic personnel recruit
university of california, davis

  

privacy policy
accessibility
about


  © 2007-2017 the regents of the university of california. all rights reserved.




