




workflow and data strategy lead at monsanto
























skip navigation
















who we hire
working at monsanto
inclusion & diversity
student opportunities
our benefits
monsanto.com















search our jobs  
search our jobs


keyword



location




radius
select radius
5 miles
15 miles
25 miles
35 miles
50 miles



search




discover matches to jobs using your linkedin profile  »






workflow and data strategy lead

apply now
apply later
req id 01ji1 date posted 07/25/2017
improving human health, promoting environmental stewardship and fostering greater economic growth for the agricultural community can all start with something as small as a seed. monsanto is a global leader in the development of hybrid agronomic and vegetable crops that improve nutrition, boost crop yields, limit spoilage and reduce the need for chemicals. we are committed to consistently introducing innovative products for our customers, and research is a key component of our current and future product pipeline. why work with us? at monsanto, we recognize that people are the key to our success. in over 60 countries, we have created industry-leading products because we give scientists and professionals the freedom to make real decisions. we know that every day, new ideas can come from anyone, anywhere, and we value a diverse combination of ideas, perspectives and cultures. monsanto is recognized as a science magazine top ten employer, one of the top 25 best multinational workplaces, and for the 10th year in a row we are in the top 50 most diverse companies according to diversityinc for our commitment to inclusion and diversity, exceptional corporate leadership, talent development initiatives, strong employee support groups and support of local communities around the world.we are seeking a highly motivated scientist or engineer to join the vegetable r&d team as workflow and data strategy lead in woodland, ca.  the primary focus of this role is to lead large-scale data integration and continuous improvement of technical workflows to increase efficiency and collaboration across r&d. the incumbent will lead cross-functional initiatives and teams with experts in plant pathology, analytics, it, plant breeding, and other breeding technology fields. these teams work together to support our vegetable product pipeline through the development of new vegetable products that bring value to growers, processors, retailers and consumers. major responsibilities include:partnering with scientists and staff to create and pursue state-of-the-art practices for data collection, management, and analysis for plant pathology workflows leading the development of tools that increase workflow flexibility and effectiveness, optimize tracking and reproducibility, and enable accurate forecasts and resourcingaligning and connecting workflows across vegetable breeding technology functions including cell biology and quality analytics working with leaders to enhance business strategy through data driven decisions 
required education and skills/experience:

must have one of the following: 

phd in biological, life sciences or a closely related field
ms/mba in a biological, life sciences, or a closely related field with at least 4-5 years of relevant experience
experience in managing complex projects and leading interdisciplinary teams to accomplish project goals within expected timelines and budget 
excellent organizational skills and experience in creating technical workflows and optimizing operations 
experience with the basic tools and practice of data science, including data capture, management, organization, analysis, and interpretation; familiarity with r/python, database operations, and spotfire/tableau (or other visualization tools)
strong grasp of experimental design and execution
demonstrated ability to think creatively, envision solutions and lead change 
outstanding analytical and communication skills
strong initiative and results orientation 
desired education and skills/experience:

prior work experience in an industry r&d setting
knowledge of plant pathology, plant breeding, and/or related disciplines  
exposure to lean or six-sigma methodology 
apply now
apply later




map
woodland
view the area



share

facebook
google+
twitter
linkedin
email




related jobs


materials testing laboratory chemist
st. louis, missouri


biodirect production research associate
st. louis, missouri


pathology and discovery breeding co-op
st. louis, missouri


data scientist
st. louis, missouri


procurement supervisor
santa fe, federal district













































get job news and event updates
first namelast namephone numberemail addressinterested insearch for a category / location, select a term from the suggestions, and click “add.”categorylocationaddresearch & development, woodland, california, united statesremoveremove

confirm email















        		800 n. lindbergh boulevard
        		
        		st. louis, mo 63167
        	

facebook









©2002-2017 monsanto company – all rights reserved sitemap|
legal notice|privacy policy|
contact us







news & stories


conversation


news releases




innovation


products


our brands


seeds


agricultural biologicals


crop protection


safety information






company


investors


careers


contact us


more


america's farmers


modern agriculture


monsanto fund





sign up for our email newsletter

        				the monsanto newsletter brings you the latest modern agriculture news each month.
        			


first name *

last name

email *










©2002-2017 monsanto company – all rights reserved sitemap|terms & conditions|privacy policy|contact us












