








apply for siemens digital innovation engineer job - research & development - sacramento, california
























skip to main content




















global job opportunities

toggle navigation











global job opportunities
life at siemens
what we do
search careers
faq


global job opportunities
life at siemens
what we do
search careers
faq



careers home
search jobs


					check application status / manage profile
					



global jobs






















































siemens careers






share this job


























digital innovation engineer


locations:
sacramento, california




job family: research & development





apply

english (us)






job description



division: power generation servicesbusiness unit: power and gasrequisition number: 218156primary location: united states-california-sacramentoassignment category: full-time regularexperience level: senior leveleducation required level: bachelor's degreetravel required: 30%division description: 
power generation services (ps)
 
siemens is the leading service partner for ensuring high reliability and optimal performance of rotating power equipment within the utility, oil & gas, and industrial processing industries worldwide – as well as for wind turbines. siemens’ extensive national network of service technicians is able to quickly and comprehensively offer expert service to maximize the lifecycle of power generation equipment, helping to ensure reliability and prevent downtime. 
 
for more information, please visit: http://www.siemens.com/businesses/us/en/power-generation-services.htm 
 job description:digital innovation engineer
davis, ca office location
 
position overview
the digital organization in the power generation services and power and gas businesses (ps & pg) is seeking exceptional engineers to develop products and solve complex problems as a part of the digital product innovation team. this position provides an exciting opportunity to work in a dynamic, startup like environment, where we use bleeding-edge technology to solve pressing business problems. the position is a hybrid between full-stack developer, data scientist and digital technology evangelist. the right candidate will build cutting edge, scalable software solutions and acts as a technology consultant to other teams. the position reports to the head of digital product innovation.
 
responsibilities

assessment and evaluation of new digital technologies
build robust software solutions that can be readily deployed
ability to drive a team through tough technical challenges
 
required knowledge/skills, education, and experience
 

master’s degree in a quantitative discipline or similar
5+ years in technology development
technical skills (should have expertise in at least four of these skill areas)
·       full-stack web development
·       able to implement solutions on both the server and client-side
·       experience designing apis
·       modern javascript framework (ember, angular, etc.)
·       familiar with build tools (gulp, grunt, etc.)
·       dev-ops and infrastructure management
·       knowledge of provisioning systems (salt, puppet, etc.)
·       deployment to cloud platform service (aws, azure)
·       computer science
·        experience with low-level (c, c++) and high-level languages (python, scala)
·       comfortable with different programming paradigms (procedural, functional, object-oriented)
·       backend
·       experience with sql and nosql databases ( and key-value stores)
·       knowledge of database clustering
·       data visualization
·       experience with frameworks/libraries (opengl/webgl, d3, etc.)
·       ability to target different environments (destkop, web, vr)
·       data science
·       experience in modern machine learning methods. knowledge of various clustering and classification methods, order reduction methods, neural nets, etc.

demonstrated detail-oriented and innovative thinking mindset
must be highly motivated, exceptional inter-personal skills and enjoy working with colleagues from different organizations and cultural background
requires at least 30% of travel
business fluent in english



equal employment opportunity statement

      siemens is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer encouraging diversity in the workplace. all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to their race, color, creed, religion, national origin, citizenship status, ancestry, sex, age, physical or mental disability, marital status, family responsibilities, pregnancy, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender expression, gender identity, transgender, sex stereotyping, protected veteran or military status, and other categories protected by federal, state or local law.
    

eeo is the law

      applicants and employees are protected under federal law from discrimination. to learn more,
      click here.
    

pay transparency non-discrimination provision

      siemens follows executive order 11246, including the pay transparency nondiscrimination provision. to learn more,
      click here.
    






 





check application status / manage profile



global jobs
united states jobs


us only: review accommodations for disability
contact us




© siemens ag, 1996 – 2017 |
corporate information |
privacy policy |
cookie policy |
terms |
digital id


jobs & careers on:













jobs & careers on:








© siemens ag, 1996 – 2017 |
imprint






















