


742564 data scientist ei clinical quality atlanta ga or telecommute

















 skip to main content

 































my profile
my saved jobs
network with us








jobs


back
jobs
search jobs
my profile
my saved jobs
my saved searches



why work here


back
why work here
corporate fast facts
our affiliates
our locations
our businesses
top 7 reasons
rewards & benefits
mission and values
our work environment
awards and recognition
diversity
newsroom
meet our people



career areas


back
career areas
clinical
consulting
corporate services
customer service and claims
health care operations
project management
sales & marketing
technology



getting hired


back
getting hired
recruiter chat
career events
go social
our hiring process
digital video interviewing
transitioning military
resume advice
interview tips
frequently asked questions
unitedhealth group blog



college


back
college
student programs
frequently asked questions
college recruiting blog
career events
























improve the lives of others while doing your life's best work.sm

my saved searches (0) 


 



select a job field
all
account management
analytics
acct mgmt oh
actuarial
admin support services
aviation
behavioral
billing
business operations
claims
communications
customer services
enroll & empl contract install
executive leadership team
executive officers
external affairs
finance
government affairs
healthcare delivery
healthcare economics
human capital
information technology
international
legal
marketing and advertising
medical & clinical operations
network contract installation
network contracting & pricing
network management
nursing
optuminsight consulting
pharmaceutical research
pharmacy
product
project management
real estate services
regulatory & compliance
sales support
sales/direct selling
senior leadership team
sourcing & procurement
training
underwriting & pricing






united states
brazil
india
philippines
united kingdom
canada
ireland
australia





 







find all jobs near me

                            geolocation is not available
                        


















data scientist, e&i clinical quality - atlanta, ga or telecommute (742564)



apply
job saved
save job


 position description 
together, we deliver smarter, faster and simpler solutions for a modern, innovative health system. we are also the career home to data scientists who bring compassion and passion, energy and focus to their work every day. if you strive to help people live healthier lives by building your career with a leader in health care, this is the career for you! come share your expertise and your passion and do your life's best work.(sm)
 
we are looking for a data scientist who can analyze data, prepare reports, build predictive models, run regressions, understand the results and explain it so others can understand. you will be a consulting detective using advanced data analysis techniques to answer important business questions. 
 
you will be empowered to support short and long term operational/strategic business activities; develop, enhance and maintain operational information and models that will have an impact on business decisions. you will get to work with a team of curious, knowledge-seekers just like you, using a variety of data sources to uncover insights and set priorities in various areas, such as clinical quality, member experience, and customer churn. your real-world solutions will benefit not only our members but also our business partners in clinical, sales, network, product and marketing. 
 
you'll enjoy the flexibility to telecommute* from anywhere within the u.s. as you take on some tough challenges.
 
primary responsibilities:

support assigned region as primary responsibility 
collaborate with team members and business partners to determine problem definition and requirements, manage expectations, and meet timelines 
prepare data to support short and long term operational/strategic business activities through analysis 
analyze, review, forecast, and trend complex data and communicate to team as required 
apply advanced analytics and modeling to segment population and identify the most actionable and at-risk members for outreach and gap closure 
discover insights and opportunities using statistical, data mining and visualization techniques 
develop systems for more efficient reporting 
propose innovative ways to look at problems using machine learning & data mining 
document, summarize and communicate findings, verbally and visually, in a way that is easily understood by internal business partners 
seek out new data sources that fill gaps and improve models 
help source, clean and verify integrity of data used for analysis 
support business needs around analytics, predictive modeling and business intelligence including ad-hoc and operational reports 
cross-train with team members on software skills, data sources and other work 


required qualifications:

undergraduate degree or higher in business, technology, finance, economics, mathematics, statistics, computer science, or related field 
3+ years of working with analytic tools such as sas enterprise miner, spss, r studio, python, or others 
3+ years of experience leading analytic projects including: validating data, interpreting results of analysis, identifying variances/trends/root cause and providing solutions to senior leaders 
2+ years of experience with sql and/or other querying software proficiency 
1+ years of demonstrated machine learning, predictive analytics, and/or statistical analysis involving regression, clustering, decision trees, etc. 
intermediate level of proficiency with pc based software programs and automated database 
management systems required (excel, access, powerpoint) 

preferred qualifications:

6+ years of increasing and relevant experience in analytics functions 
experience with visualization tools such as tableau 
experience with unitedhealth group platforms 
experience with etl processes to extract, transform and load data across disparate systems 
experience with big data environment 
working experience using r, hadoop, hive, spark, etc. 
strong business acumen and professional communication skills (written & oral)
experience with healthcare data or in the healthcare industry
careers at unitedhealthcare employer & individual. we all want to make a difference with the work we do. sometimes we're presented with an opportunity to make a difference on a scale we couldn't imagine. here, you get that opportunity every day. as a member of one of our elite teams, you'll provide the ideas and solutions that help nearly 25 million customers live healthier lives. you'll help write the next chapter in the history of health care. and you'll find a wealth of open doors and career paths that will take you as far as you want to go. go further. this is your life's best work.(sm)
 
*all telecommuters will be required to adhere to unitedhealth group's telecommuter policy
 
for more information on our internal job posting policy, click here.
 
 
diversity creates a healthier atmosphere: unitedhealth group is an equal employment opportunity/affirmative action employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, protected veteran status, disability status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by law.
 
unitedhealth group is a drug-free workplace. candidates are required to pass a drug test before beginning employment.
 
 
job keywords: data scientist, machine learning, predictive analytics, sas, python, r studio, atlanta, ga, georgia, telecommute, unitedhealth group, uhg, unitedhealthcare, uhc




job details




contest number742564
job titledata scientist, e&i clinical quality - atlanta, ga or telecommute
job familyinformation technology
business segmentemployer and individual



job location information

atlanta, gaunited statesnorth america



additional job detail information

employee statusregular
schedulefull-time
job levelindividual contributor
shiftday job
travelno
telecommuter positionyes
overtime statusexempt











jobs


 view (0) saved jobs




email this job



email this job to






cancel
send




555-111-2222



 

text this job



text this job to

india
united states
philippines







message and data rates may apply.

cancel
send










similar jobs




santa ana, ca
oracle ebs performance analyst - santa ana, ca, carlsbad, ca and irvine, ca 727396


horsham, pa
senior data analyst - pa only telecommute 740535


franklin, tn
software engineer - franklin, tn 744905




























 





unitedhealth group home
about us
businesses
social responsibility
investors
newsroom
diversity & inclusion





















                choose your country
            



                            north america
                            
united states



                            asia pacific
                            
india
philippines



                            europe middle east and africa
                            
united kingdom
ireland



                            latin america
                            
brazil








            social responsibility & diversity
        











at unitedhealth group, we are committed to a powerful idea - that accessible,
    affordable and quality health care should be available to everyone.

visit the social responsibility website

we embrace and encourage a culture of diversity and inclusion. we know that valuing diversity makes good business sense and helps to ensure our future success.

learn more at our corporate diversity & inclusion web site
 






            fraudulent activity
        









we have received recent reports of fraudulent emails purporting to be sent from unitedhealth group, unitedhealthcare, or optum recruiting personnel. 
 
the fraudulent emails, which do not originate from any of unitedhealth group’s email domains, or those of any of its operating divisions, supposedly ask recipients to contact the sender to start the company’s hiring process by downloading software and/or requesting a fee. 
 
unitedhealth group will never request you download software or pay a fee of any sort to explore employment opportunities with our company.
if you wish to verify the legitimacy of any email purporting to have been sent by or on behalf of unitedhealth group recruiters,  please call 1-800-561-0861 between 7 a.m. and 7 p.m. ct, monday - friday, for assistance. you also may inquire via email to lifesbestwork@uhg.com. 




 


contact us  privacy policy  family & medical leave act  equal employment law poster  pay transparency  employee polygraph protection act  e-verify participation poster  ier right to work poster  report a problem  submit feedback
© 2017 unitedhealth group, all rights reserved.
unitedhealth group is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodations to individuals with physical and mental disabilities. if you need special assistance or accommodation for any part of the application process, or you encounter technical difficulties, please call 1-800-561-0861  between 7 a.m. and 7 p.m. ct, monday - friday, for assistance.
unitedhealth group is a registered service mark of unitedhealth group, inc. the unitedhealth group name with the dimensional logo, as well as the dimensional logo alone, are both service marks for the unitedhealth group, inc.
diversity creates a healthier atmosphere: all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, protected veteran status, disability status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by law.
unitedhealth group is a drug-free workplace. candidates are required to pass a drug test before beginning employment.
get adobe reader  get adobe flash player 

© 2015 unitedhealth group, todos os direitos reservados .
© 2015 unitedhealth group, todos os direitos reservados .





top
















