



job application for data analyst at taskrabbit























          apply now
        
data analyst

        at taskrabbit
      
(view all jobs)

        san francisco
      


about taskrabbit
each day brings more chores and less time to accomplish them. whether someone needs a handyman, house cleaner, mover or delivery person, taskrabbit delights clients by matching the right skilled person in minutes. with our support, our customers can accomplish it all not only today, but also on-demand to be their most productive self. on the other side of the marketplace we help our taskers earn a living by setting their own prices, defining their working hours, and giving them control to help people when and how they want in the most supportive marketplace.
we're a mission-driven company.  our culture is collaborative, pragmatic and fast-paced.  we're looking for talented, entrepreneurially minded and data-driven people who also have a passion for helping people do what they love - and having a ton of fun while they're at it.
join us and help revolutionize everyday work.
about the role
data and analytics are the lifeblood of taskrabbit and we are building a data analytics team to provide key insights to drive our business forward.
you will be a member of the data group: data analytics, data science and data engineering.  we are a force multiplier, owning the data, analysis, and knowledge infrastructure that enables ourselves and our teammates to move faster and smarter.
as a data analyst, you will work with cross-functional teams, working closely with business unit managers to analyze their business problems and provide insights and recommendations on potential solutions to test and measure.  you will also assist in defining metrics and building dynamic reports that business unit managers can use to track progress towards targets.  you will have the opportunity to work hand-in-hand with marketing, growth, operations, and customer support teams in order to accelerate growth, optimize performance, and scale efficiently.
as part of the data group, you will collaborate with data scientists, drawing on their technical skills and expertise. also, you will work with data engineers to ensure that the data platform and infrastructure provides you with the data and tools you need to do your job.
responsibilities

translate business problems and requirements into data questions
develop testable hypotheses, test and measure results
deliver insights to improve business processes and decision-making
collaborate closely with cross-functional teams
become a subject-matter expert on marketplace dynamics

background and experience
we welcome applicants from a variety of backgrounds and experiences. below gives you a sense of how we're thinking about what you'll need to be successful in the role.

2+ years experience in a data analytics role or equivalent
strong experience with sql (mysql, postgresql, etc.)
strong communication skills, both written and oral; comfortable presenting findings and recommendations to decision-makers
excited about working with large data sets
python proficiency a plus; eventual proficiency is expected in the role
familiarity with looker, tableau, or similar tool is a plus

bonus points

agile. intelligent. creative. problem-solver. startup lover. you like making things happen.
we're looking for people that have a passion for data, technology and problem solving
you're familiar with our product and have some ideas on things you'd want to add or change!


benefits & perks

challenge: the opportunity for growth in a fast-paced, progressive company is yours for the taking. game on!
monthly task stipend: use the product you’re working on and outsource errands you don’t want to do
medical benefits & pto: great health coverage with dental and vision benefits (tr pays 100% premiums and pays for one medical membership), 12 weeks, 100% paid parental leave, pre-tax commuter benefits and fsa, 401k plan + matching, 20 pto days/year + 13 paid holidays
education: a series of lunch and learn events (we call it “learnch”), quarterly company-wide trainings and an annual learning and development stipend for your personal use
office: a huge, dog-friendly soma loft built to accommodate collaboration, with two fully- stocked kitchens and a game room. free lunch every day!
fun: awesome off-site adventures, weekly meditation, yoga, annual charity events? yes!


 







apply for this job

* required
        











(optional)

almost there! review your information then click 'submit application' to apply.



first name *



last name *



email *



phone *



resume/cv *


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 














cover letter *


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 

















are you authorized to work in the united states? *



--
yes
no


linkedin profile
    





website
    





how did you hear about this job? *












 



share this job:    













powered by 

 
      read our privacy policy
















