


career opportunities - topgolf -global partnerships research analyst
















































please enable cookies to continue
please enable cookies in your browser to experience all the personalized features of this site, including the ability to apply for a job.





returning candidate?

log back in!





global partnerships research analyst



global partnerships research analyst




id 

2017-5718




position type 
salary





# of openings 

1




address 
8750 north central expressway





job locations 

us-tx-dallas




category 
other







more information about this job




overview







the topgolf media global partnerships research analyst is responsible for conducting valuation and negotiation strategy analyses to inform partnership discussions. assess market, fan and competitive landscape to guide partnerships and activation strategies. consult leading brands and properties to develop innovative sponsorship programs and marketing tactics. design and execute measurement strategies to identify if partnerships achieve business objectives and assess value and roi. evaluate emerging technologies, platforms, and their use cases in sports/entertainment and marketing/sponsorship industries. as a potential candidate, you should know…topgolf is flat out fun!  we embrace our core values of: fun, one team, excellence, edgy spirit, and caring.  if these resonate with you and you are motivated by the description above, please read on and check out the key deliverables and qualifications for this role.







key responsibilities







translate data into summaries and analysis with conclusions that deliver on objectives and support proactive insights and recommendations.compile competitive information on an on-going basis.provide corporate clients and internal client account teams with the best fan/consumer information to support sports sponsorship strategy formulation and execution.perform fan/consumer demographic and behavioral profiling.exposed to challenging primary research initiatives including focus groups, brand awareness research, dedicated to a variety of quantitative surveys as well as website ratings.generate lead-related research to support sales efforts.develop a variety of charts, tables, graphs, etc. to convey research messages visually for all the above.analyze consumer demographics, preferences, needs, and buying habitsevaluate data to draw both qualitative and quantitative conclusionsconvert findings into written reports







key qualifications







3-5 years of progressively responsible experience in research, media, online, and digital/ or related field.strong analytical and math skills.familiarity with mri, nielsen marketbreaks, cmr, comscore, simmons, google analytics, rentrak, and/or star media a plus.ability to use statistical software to analyze data.basic sql experience (ms sql preferred).advanced experience with microsoft excel, powerpoint, and word.knowledge of powerpoint, creating graphics that quickly communicate the key findings from analysis of numbers.experience with visualization tools such as tableau or birst.excellent communication, time management and organization skills.strong sense of urgency and ability to work in a fast-paced environment.must be able to show creativity and initiative ethic with little supervision.ability to prioritize workload, meet deadlines, communicate workload with supervision and understand when to escalate potential issues.a high level of self-awareness, receptivity to change and integrity.





options

apply for this job onlineapplysharerefer this job to a friendrefer



share on your newsfeed




connect with us!




interested in a different position? join our talent pipeline for general consideration.

















go back to the welcome page

application faqssoftware powered by icimswww.icims.com









