








	careers







































about


culture


benefits


teams


jobs















about/ careers














the mortgage industry, which has long been characterized by excessive paperwork, poor customer service, and resistance to change is awakening to a simple truth:  companies that provide the best customer experience win.  therein lies the opportunity - not just to create a better mortgage company, but to reimagine the home ownership lifecycle and create an integrated home services company and a world-class consumer brand.  
mr. cooper’s transformation is a recognition that its next generation home lending brand must represent the trusted, personal relationship customers want.  drawing on our experience as the fourth largest mortgage servicer in the country, our goal is to be advocates for the people who see home ownership as a part of their american dream by being the home loan partner that makes the journey less worrisome and more rewarding – every step of the way.
how do we do it?  
by embodying our core values – challengers of convention, champions for our customers and cheerleaders for our team.  


sr quantitative analyst


id:
9561


location:
cypress waters - dallas, tx - cwhq


department:
servicing risk


division:
mr. cooper



description
 
the quantitative analyst sr. will develop analytics and reporting to identify and communicate trends regarding operational performance in a timely manner.  the quantitative analyst sr. will work closely with the business leaders and risk team members to produce key risk indicators that will identify potential risk and compliance issues. provide one stop solution for all analytical needs of the department leaders and senior management.
 
essential job functions

work with senior management and department heads to provide reporting related to key risk indicators (kris), assist in development of new kris as per the strategic vision
do deep dive analysis on any given operational servicing issue to identify potential risks, quantify the impact, do root cause analysis and present the findings  
data mine a large population of data to help identify relevant information and build scripts to consolidate operational reporting elements.
create dashboards that provides aggregate information regarding departmental operations
interact with various levels of management and servicing departments to gain detailed understanding of the process and use technical skills to aggregate supporting data to identify potential issues   
other duties as assigned

 
functional job competencies

integrity and trust:   is widely trusted and seen as a direct, truthful individual. can present the unvarnished truth in an appropriate and helpful manner, keeps confidences, admits mistakes; doesn’t misrepresent him/herself for personal gain.
business acumen: good understanding of the mortgage servicing business
problem solving: uses rigorous logic and methods to solve difficult problems with effective solutions, probes all sources for answers, can see hidden problems, looks beyond the obvious.
technical learning: picks up on technical things quickly, can learn new skills quickly, tech savvy
time management: uses his/her time effectively and efficiently, values time, concentrates his/her efforts on the more important priorities, gets more done in less time than others.

 
education / experience requirements

 4+ years related analyst experience using sql, spreadsheets and/or databases to report on and analyze data
graduation from a 4-year college or university or equivalent experience.  advance degree or equivalent work experience preferred
prefer background in finance or mortgage related field
advanced knowledge of sql, microsoft sql server management studio / oracle equivalent
proficiency in excel, access, and powerpoint
ability to data mine a large population of records to identify relevant information
strong knowledge of various mortgage servicing areas
strong hands on analytical and technical skills for data mining and report automation

preferred technical skills for this job:

sql query optimizing
strong excel / powerpoint
vba/macro experience a plus




















are you a returning applicant?












previous applicants:


email:





password:





if you do not remember your password click here.




back to search results


new search















©


































nmls #2119
	





