



job application for quantitative marketing analyst at carvana























          apply now
        
quantitative marketing analyst

        at carvana
      
(view all jobs)

        phoenix headquarters
      


about carvana…
at carvana, we sell cars, but we’re not salespeople. since 2013, we’ve been making it our mission to change the way people buy cars. we saw a huge problem with how much it can suck to buy a car the traditional way, so we committed ourselves to tackling one of the largest, yet-to-be-disrupted markets in the world – the $1t per year u.s. car market (yes, that’s $trillion with a “t”).
with the ability to search thousands of vehicles from our expansive inventory, to high-resolution 360° photographs of our vehicles’ interior and exterior, to real-time financing and the ability to complete contracts without visiting the back room of a dealership, we provide a seamless, online car buying experience for consumers that can be completed from their desktop or mobile device. all our vehicles are inspected and reconditioned based on our 150-point certification checklist and come with a 7-day return policy. we also operate our own logistics network to deliver cars to customers as soon as the next day, as well as offer customer pick-up at our state-of-the-art car vending machine locations (yes, you read that right). by putting customer satisfaction at the core of our business, we’ve built a no-pressure, no-haggle online car buying experience that saves our customers time and money.
for more information on carvana and our mission, sneak a peek at our company introduction video.
 
we’re looking for….
an analytical, driven and resourceful person to join our rapidly growing organization. this individual will have the unique opportunity to join a team that is in the process building best in class data-driven marketing capabilities from the ground up. 
the majority of this team’s day to day focus will be the optimization and automation of online marketing channels such as paid search, display, paid social media, listing sites and online video, but the team is also responsible for testing and measurement across all marketing channels including more traditional offline media like tv, radio, direct mail, billboards, etc. ultimately, the team is responsible for generating the most revenue possible from carvana’s marketing investments.
this person does not need to have experience in marketing, but must be anxious to leverage his/her analytical and technical skills to make an immediate and meaningful impact on the business. we have no shortage of data, resources or ambition at carvana, and we are excited to bring on people who share our desire to leverage data and technology to accelerate our disruption of the traditional car buying experience. 
 
specifically, your responsibilities include:

build and deploy online marketing campaigns to maximize lead generation within budget constraints and branding guidelines
understand and optimize the precise mechanics and data underpinning each of our marketing channels, particularly the digital ones 

i.e., become the go-to resource for any questions regarding how channels like sem, facebook ads, etc work

analyze large data sets in excel, sql, python or similar to actively monitor campaign performance and identify opportunities for top line growth and/or efficiency gains
automate (or spec out work for dedicated developers and data scientists to automate) marketing processes including incorporation of data into real-time decision making 

e.g., bidding algorithms, data visualization, dynamic creatives, etc

build dashboards using tableau, excel or similar to explain/communicate marketing performance and identify opportunities for improvement 
collaborate with the brand and data science teams to ensure alignment with carvana’s creative strategy and leverage our internal analytical capabilities 
partner closely with google, facebook, etc to build and maintain strong relationships that position carvana as a preferred advertiser with benefits including beta testing, access to engineers, etc
track marketing spend (manually and via api, depending on the type of spend) and collaborate with the accounting team to ensure we are on tracking correctly to budgeted plans
regularly update carvana’s senior executive team on marketing performance, opportunities and testing strategy  
design and execute a/b tests on creative elements of campaigns, including ad copy headlines, ad descriptions, ad formats, and ad images

 
the qualifying candidate must have:

quantitative undergraduate degree with strong academic record; graduate degree preferred

i.e., engineering, math, finance, computer science, accounting, business analytics, etc

analytical mindset with exceptional critical thinking capabilities 
comfort navigating and manipulating large data sets to identify trends and underlying drivers

expert level knowledge of excel
proficiency in powerpivot, microsoft vba and sql preferred
ability to complete projects in python (there's a python interview, so you'll want to know it!)
experience with tableau is a plus

ability to thrive (and preference to work) in a dynamic, fast-paced environment with frequently changing goals and deadlines 
demonstrated intellectual curiosity and interest in solving problems, particularly using data to help answer somewhat nebulous questions (e.g., how consumers make purchasing decisions)
excellence in implementation, including attention to detail and strong organizational skills
enthusiasm and positive energy to contribute to and thrive in a rapidly growing start-up atmosphere where roles continually adapt as the company evolves 

 
benefits

full-time salary position
medical, dental, and vision benefits
401k with company match
access to opportunities to expand your skill set and share your knowledge with others across the organization
company culture of promotions from within, with a start-up atmosphere allowing for varied and rapid career development

 
carvana is an equal opportunity employer. all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran or disabled status, or genetic information.
this role is not eligible for visa sponsorship.
 
 







apply for this job

* required
        


first name *



last name *



email *



phone *




              location (city)
            



resume/cv *


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 














cover letter


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 

















linkedin profile
    





website
    





how did you hear about this job? if referred by employee, please list employee's name: *






will you now or in the future require visa sponsorship? *



--
yes
no


do you have a bachelor's degree? *



--
yes
no








 



share this job:    













powered by 

 
      read our privacy policy
















