









career center



































new search
                       
                    


login page
                       
                    














position description























 



scientist




id


2895




location


phoenix, az




practice/center


human factors




apply now
exponent is a leading engineering and scientific consulting firm. our multidisciplinary team of scientists, engineers, physicians, and regulatory consultants brings together more than 90 different disciplines to solve complicated problems facing corporations, insurers, government entities, associations and individuals. our approximately 1000 staff members work in 26 offices across the united states and abroad. exponent has over 800 consultants, including more than 500 that have earned a doctorate in their chosen field of specialization.
exponent's human factors practice is seeking a scientist for our phoenix, az office. this position will be responsible for analyzing human performance related to a wide variety of scenarios involving automobiles, occupational work and consumer products. additional responsibilities will include: managing a range of consulting activities that involve human factors in accidents and their prevention, including limitations of human perceptual, cognitive, and response capabilities; developing client contacts; working on multi-disciplinary projects; providing case management, data processing, and other project support; conducting research to obtain and review technical data, scientific literature, and standards; and participating in the design and evaluation of warnings and safety information.

qualifications for this position include:

m.a. or ph.d. in developmental, experimental, industrial or cognitive psychology or industrial engineering (emphasis on human factors) or m.a./m.s. with a p.e. license
minimum of 0-5 years' experience for a ph.d. or 3-5 years' experience with an m.a./m.s.
proficiency in computer programming (specifically matlab) is a plus

we are an affirmative action, equal employment opportunity, veterans and disabled employer.

back
email
apply now







exponent is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer.
please see our equal employment opportunity (eeo) policy. if you would like more information about your eeo rights under the law, please click eeo is the law and eeo is the law supplement.


















