









job opportunities | city of scottsdale, az















        for full functionality of this page it is necessary to enable javascript. 
        here are the 
        instructions how to enable javascript in your web browser



police forensic scientist ii - dna | city of scottsdale, az page has loaded. 

police forensic scientist ii - dna | city of scottsdale, az page has loaded. 








  click here or press any key to continue.






                        we updated our privacy policy and terms of use, effective december 12, 2017. view privacy policy and terms of use

×















menu







                close menu
            










                        city of scottsdale, az
                    




 




scottsdaleaz.gov
                                        



job opportunities
                                        



internal opportunities
                                        



job descriptions
                                        



job interest card
                                        



military & disabled preference points
                                        



applicant feedback form
                                        



help & support
                            



legal & privacy
                            




social




facebook





linkedin





twitter





google+





youtube










job opportunities




sign in












                don't have an account?
                create one.
            

                already have an account?
                sign in.
            








username
















                applications
                





                inbox
                





                profile
            




                account
            




                sign out
                after clicking on this link you will be logged out and the page will be reloaded.










welcome!
thanks for creating an account.













city of scottsdale, az




powered by
neogov
®












                police forensic scientist ii - dna
            



print









                    apply
                







police forensic scientist ii - dna





                            salary
                            




$57,678.40 - $83,636.80 annually





                        location
                        




az 85257, az






job type


full-time regular




division


public safety - police






job number


fy1718-00203









closing



                12/31/2017 11:59 pm arizona
            






description


benefits


questions






introduction
performs professional level work involved in the examination, identification and evaluation of physical evidence in the investigation of crimes.located in the beautiful sonoran desert, scottsdale, arizona is bordered by phoenix to the west and the mcdowell mountains on the east.  scottsdale is annually rated among the nation's most desirable communities to live in, visit and do business in. check out more about scottsdale.duties will include analyzing evidence for the presence of biological fluids, and performing subsequent dna analysis, writing detailed reports, assisting in the development and implementation of forensic methods and programs. conduct the interpretation, evaluation, and quality review of analytical results and reports.ideal candidate will have: knowledge and experience in dna analysis to include operation of a genetic analyzers, and use of commercially available str kit chemistries.	knowledge of data interpretation, including mixed dna samples and low level/quality dna samples, probabilistic genotyping, and statistical analysis of dna results.	knowledge of ascld/lab-international accreditation requirements (iso 17025 and the ascld/lab supplemental requirements) including the fbi quality assurance standards (qas).	knowledge of chemical and immunological testing used to identify biological fluids.	successful completion of the required coursework in molecular biology, biochemistry, genetics, and statistics required by the fbi qas.	strong communication skills.	strong writing skills.selection process:applicants whose education, training and experience most closely meet the needs of this position may be invited to participate in a selection process to include oral board interview. final selection is contingent upon a background check which includes:·        fingerprinting·        criminal background screening·        motor vehicle department records check·        polygraphsuccessful candidates will receive a post-offer, pre-employment drug test, pre-employment medical exam and psychological evaluation. the timeframe for reapplication with the police department varies based on the position and the needs of the organization. for further information on eligibility, please contact public safety human resources at hrpublicsafety@scottsdaleaz.gov.  please note that all communication with applicants will be done via email and no communication will be sent prior to the closing date.  interviews are tentatively scheduled for the week of january 15, 2018.
minimum qualifications
education and experience a bachelor's degree in chemistry, or related physical or natural science from an accredited educational institution, with a minimum of 20 semester hours in chemistry related coursework.	must have four years of experience as a forensics examiner in a recognized crime laboratory.	must have a working expertise in at least two forensic disciplines or working expertise in one forensic discipline and completion of one of the following:  publication in recognized scientific journal; presentation at recognized scientific meeting; certification by recognized forensic organization; or participation in validation or method development.	an equivalent combination of education and job related experience may substitute for the educational requirements on a year-for-year basis.	must have completed successfully at least nine semester or equivalent credit hours in college course work or classes covering the subject areas of:  biochemistry, genetics, molecular biology.	college course work or training in statistics and/or population genetics.unofficial transcripts / training certificate(s) must be submitted along with the application. licensing, certifications and other requirements must possess and maintain a valid, unrestricted arizona driver's license with no major citations within the past 39 months prior to the start date.
essential functions
performs duties and responsibilities commensurate with assigned functional area which may include, but are not limited to, any combination of the following tasks: examines, identifies, interprets and evaluates suspected evidence which includes narcotics, dangerous drugs and toxicology, serology, dna, trace, firearms, latent print processing and comparison, afis entry and searches and arson samples.	provides general scientific information as requested.	enters and searches for information on the computerized afis system.	compares analytical findings with known standards.	discusses laboratory test results with other lab professionals, officers and attorneys.	provides expert testimony in court.	comprehends and follows detailed, highly technical, oral and written instructions to prepare clear, concise, comprehensive reports and records.  prepares and presents detailed reports.	provides technical assistance and expertise at crime scenes.	prioritize own casework load.
work environment/physical demands
the physical demands and work environment characteristics described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this position or that an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this position. reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. use specialized protective equipment to perform laboratory analyses.	may be exposed to fumes or dust, bodily fluids, toxic or caustic chemicals or materials that transmit infectious disease (e.g., aids, hepatitis b) are corrosive, carcinogenic or explosive.	respond to crime scenes and court appearances as needed.	safely work with various chemicals and powders.	operate a microscope and other laboratory equipment requiring visual and muscular dexterity.	visually distinguishes the full range of the color spectrum to perform testing of drugs and body fluids.	work is performed in a normal city office environment, laboratory and in the field.	lift and carry materials, computer reports weighing up to 30 pounds.	travel to/from meetings and various locations.click here to review the entire job description.the city of scottsdale reserves the right to change this process at any time.equal employment opportunity: it is the policy of the city to provide employment opportunities to all persons based solely on ability, regardless of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity or disability.when advised, reasonable accommodations will be made in order for an "otherwise qualified applicant" with a disability to participate in any phase of the recruitment process. please contact human resources to request an accommodation.  persons with a disability may request a reasonable accommodation by contacting hr receptionist at (480) 312-2491. requests should be made 24 hours in advance or as early as possible to allow time to arrange the accommodation. for tty users, the arizona relay service (1-800-367-8939) may contact hr receptionist at (480) 312-2491.this position description does not constitute an employment agreement between the employer and employee and is subject to change by the employer as the needs of the employer and requirements of the position change.




full-time positions:the city of scottsdale offers a comprehensive benefit package including vacation, holiday and medical leave as well as insurance for medical, dental, vision, life, short and long term disability insurance.  for a more detailed overview of the employee benefits, click here.part-time positions:the city of scottsdale offers paid medical leave for part-time staff.







01


the information in the application is used to determine your eligibility for further consideration. incomplete responses, false statements, omissions, partial information, or answering a question with "see resume" will result in disqualification from the selection process. did you review your application to make sure that every section is completed?

no
yes





02


which best describes your experience in applying for a position with the scottsdale police department?

no experience
submitted application
tested and/or interviewed
submitted background packet





03


how did you learn about this job opportunity with the scottsdale police department?

city web page
scottsdale police web page
careersingovernment.com
themuse.com
career builder
indeed.com
jobing.com
911hotjobs.com
blue line
policeone.com
lawenforcementjobs.com
radio ad*
newspaper/other ad*
job fair*
friend/neighbor*
city / spd employee*
email
other





04


if you answered other or any other option with an asterisk, please provide more detail.






05


automatic disqualifier - have you ever been convicted of a felony within the last 5 years?

no
yes





06


automatic disqualifier - have you been dishonorably discharged from the united states armed forces within the last 10 years?

no
yes





07


automatic disqualifier - have you illegally produced, cultivated, or transported marijuana, a dangerous drug or narcotic for sale or sold the aforementioned within the last 10 years?

no
yes





08


automatic disqualifier - have you illegally used marijuana for any purpose within the past 3 years?

no
yes





09


automatic disqualifier - have you illegally used a dangerous drug or narcotic for any purpose within the past 7 years?

no
yes





10


a minimum of three courses (biochemistry, genetics, and molecular biology) totaling at least nine semester or equivalent credit hours must be completed successfully (college or university defined passing grade) and coursework or training in statistics and/or population genetics is required for this position.

did you provide transcripts (unofficial may be used) and/or training certificate(s) (for statistics if applicable) to document the coursework listed above?

no
yes




 required question
                        







agency
city of scottsdale




address


                        9191 e. san salvador dr.


                        scottsdale, arizona, 85258.
                    





phone

(480) 312-2491                        





website


                        http://www.scottsdaleaz.gov
                    




 


                    apply
                



            your browser does not support the iframe feature, which is required by this web page.
        










                    job opportunities
                



                    account
                




copyright © 2017












city of scottsdale, az


job opportunities










                support
            






sign in form is opened
job application


job details



applying as:

|

                    support
                




                close
            












                close
            







































