





bioinformatics scientist





























































            bioinformatics scientist        













 return to job opportunitieslevel experiencedjob location phoenix - cc16 - phoenix, azposition type full timeeducation level 4 year degreesalary range undisclosedtravel percentage undisclosedjob shift undisclosedjob category biotech job title: bioinformatics scientist
position summary: 
caris is looking for a sharp, driven and goal oriented bioinformatics scientist to provide bioinformatics and statistical analysis support for biomarker discovery and adapt product development. this role will work closely with our r&d bench to design experiments and impact critical data. we are looking for a team oriented, hands on scientist with a passion for statistical and mathematical analysis.
job responsibilities:
develop and maintain statistical analytical tools and bioinformatics pipelines.
conduct analysis on biomarker discovery and clinical diagnostics data.
consult on experiment design and data interpretation for laboratory research.
provide analytical support for quality assessment of laboratory service and production data.
contribute to design and development of informatics infrastructure.
adhere to coding and documentation standards and manage deliverables for area of responsibility.
 requirements: 
solid understanding of principles and analytical methodologies in computational biology and bioinformatics.
hands-on experience of state-of-the-art bioinformatics tools, including nextgen sequence analysis tools.
knowledge of public bioinformatics databases.
proven ability for developing and maintaining bioinformatics pipelines.
experience in developing database and data-driven applications.
programming skills with perl, python, shell scripting and/or java.
skills in statistical analysis and proficiency with statistical package such as r and sas.
ability to understand biological, laboratory, r&d, and clinical data.
experience in clinical trial design and clinical data analysis is highly desirable.
experience with fda compliance is highly desirable.
proficient verbal and written communication skills. willingness to share and receive information and ideas from all levels of the organization in order to achieve the desired results.
commitment to the successful achievement of team and organizational goals through a desire to participate with and help other members of the team.
demonstrate a focus on listening to and understanding user needs.
advanced degree in bioinformatics, biostatistics, biomedical engineering, computer science and other related disciplines.
 return to job opportunities 




first time user?
create account



returning user? please sign in!


sign in

forgot password?

 











 








