


careers center - bioinformatics scientist


















































please enable cookies to continue
please enable cookies in your browser to experience all the personalized features of this site, including the ability to apply for a job.





returning candidate?

log back in!





bioinformatics scientist



bioinformatics scientist




# of openings 

16




job locations 
us-md-bethesdaus-md-baltimoreus-nd-fargous-az-phoenixus-md-rockvilleus-nc-charleston





category 

proposals




type 
contract







more information about this job




overview







camris international is an international development and research firm that realizes innovative solutions to health and development challenges through high-quality, cost-effective program and research management services. with experience working in more than 80 countries, we combine our proven systems with today’s most effective, evidence-based best practices to improve the lives of people around the world. we apply a customized, customer-centric, cost-effective business approach to offer greater value to our clients and challenge the way things have always been done in our field. camris clients include u.s. government agencies and multilateral and private organizations. our core practice areas include public health, agriculture and food security, economic development, education, environment, humanitarian assistance, democracy and governance, and medical research.  this is an opportunity for employment or a contract, but we reserve the right to make no selection or award. contingent on bid award. camris is seeking exceptional candidates to provide scientific, technical, and other professional support services to assist the national institutes of health (nih-- which is comprised of the office of the director and 27 institutes and centers) in meeting its operational objectives. 







responsibilities







 provides programming and troubleshooting support to the federal government in the dissemination of research data. performs computation on research data analysis. works with staff on scientific programming and experimental design. records observations and reports results at weekly laboratory meetings. provides statistical support/analysis on research data. provides research/service goals in the context of the laboratory’s overall mission; evaluate new types of experimental approaches to protocols based on knowledge of scientific literature, available facilities and research needs.  for sr roles:provides programming and troubleshooting support to the federal government in the dissemination of research data. performs computation on research data analysis. works with staff on scientific programming and experimental design. records observations and reports results at weekly laboratory meetings. provides statistical support/analysis on research data.  provides research/service goals in the context of the laboratory’s overall mission; evaluate new types of experimental approaches to protocols based on knowledge of scientific literature, available facilities and research needs.independently coordinates the training of personnel in the use of scientific software applications, statistical software applications and programmatic software applications. initiates interdisciplinary collaborations with other research centers.







qualifications







1-5+ years experience in a related field. basic knowledge of computer science, system analysis, and systems programming. computer skills to include ms word, excel, and powerpoint.experience with c, c++, and java. sound knowledge of bioinformatics approaches to analyze. minimum education: master’s degree in a science related field. two (2) years of specialized experience plus a ba/bs degree is equivalent to a master’s degree.  for sr roles: 5-8+ years experience in a related field. basic knowledge of computer science, systems analysis, and systems programming. computer skills to include ms word, excel, and powerpoint.experience with c, c++, and java. sound knowledge of bioinformatics approaches to analyze. minimum education: ph.d. degree in a related discipline. three (3) years of specialized experience plus a master’s degree is equivalent to a ph.d. five (5) years of specialized experience plus a bachelor’s degree is equivalent to a ph.d.





options

apply for this job onlineapplysharerefer this job to a friendrefer



share on your newsfeed







go back to the welcome page

application faqssoftware powered by icimswww.icims.com









