
senior simulation developer job - endovantage - scottsdale, az | indeed.com






















skip to job description, searchclose









find jobscompany reviewsfind salariesfind resumesemployers / post job







upload your resume


sign in







:







what
where





advanced job search


 

 



 



job title, keywords or company


city, state, or zip












senior simulation developer

endovantage


2 reviews
 -
scottsdale, az


endovantage is developing award-winning medical simulation technology. our team of physicians, biomedical engineers, computer scientists and mathematicians are forever changing the way medicine is practiced. if you enjoy technical challenges and have a passion for improving people’s lives, then consider a career at endovantage!position descriptionyou will be part of a team that is building a custom simulation engine that is targeted for simulating medical device deployment in patient vasculature. the solver will improve simulation times, while maintaining accuracy. you will also perform rigorous software validations using data acquired from benchmark simulation models and data from physical measurements.experience required: a minimum of five (3-5) years of finite element solver development experience (c++ preferred)strong knowledge in the finite element method is necessarystrong knowledge in numerical methodsexperience writing technical documentation and providing engineering deliverablestechnical skills required: master’s degree in mathematics / mechanical engineering or equivalent experiencestrong problem solving and analysis skillsassess theoretical and computer aided model results against physical bench-top dataexperienced with c++assist software programmers with code optimization and developmentrelocation to the phoenix, az area is necessaryjob type: full-timerequired education:master'srequired experience:finite element method: 3 years

30+ days ago   -  save job









» apply now

            please review all application instructions before applying to endovantage.






other jobs you may like


computational geometry software engineer

vs labs, llc -
					scottsdale, az
30+ days ago

 easily apply



engineer 2 - sheraton desert oasis

vistana signature experiences -
					scottsdale, az
1 day ago


senior research engineer

conagra foods -
					omaha, ne
8 days ago


engineer 2

sheraton desert oasis -
					scottsdale, az
1 day ago

 easily apply



geomechanical engineer ii - multiple location...

freeport-mcmoran copper & gold -
					phoenix, az
freeport-mcmoran - 
					1 day ago





 









                        endovantage



2 reviews

                endovantage (http://endovantage.com/) is a simulation software company based in scottsdale, az. the company's goal is to build novel...



let employers find youthousands of employers search for candidates on indeedupload your resume










about - help center


©2017 indeed - cookies, privacy and terms



let employers find you  upload your resume









indeed salary estimatewe know salary is a key component of your decision whether or not to apply for a job. so when the hiring company hasn’t provided a salary for a job, we look at salary data from related companies and locations to come up with a reasonable estimate for what you can expect.with over 450,000,000 salaries collected from other jobs and employees, we use one of the biggest salary databases in the world to inform these estimates. and because we are continually adding feedback from users like you, we are able to keep refining our accuracy.these salary estimates are not endorsed by the hiring companies and may vary from what’s actually offered, but we have a pretty great record of getting close enough for you to make an informed decision.is this your job listing? send us feedback to correct an inaccurate salary estimate.

