



















research fellow - bioinformatics job




















search






request an appointmentfind a doctorfind a jobgive now




log in to patient account
translated contentespanolportuguesearabicmandarin

twitterfacebookgoogleyoutubepinterest



 patient care & health infohealthy lifestylesymptoms a-zdiseases & conditions a-ztests & procedures a-zdrugs & supplements a-zappointmentspatient & visitor guidepatient online servicesquality carefind out why mayo clinic is the right place for your health care. make an appointment. departments & centersdoctors & medical staffmedical departments & centersresearch centers & programsabout mayo cliniccontact usmeet the stafffind a directory of doctors and departments at all mayo clinic campuses. visit now. researchexplore research labsfind clinical trialsresearch facultypostdoctoral fellowshipsdiscovery's edge magazinesearch publicationstraining grant positionsresearch and clinical trialssee how mayo clinic research and clinical trials advance the science of medicine and improve patient care. explore now. educationmayo graduate schoolmayo medical schoolmayo school of continuous professional developmentmayo school of graduate medical educationmayo school of health sciencesalumni centervisit our schoolseducators at mayo clinic train tomorrow’s leaders to deliver compassionate, high-value, safe patient care. choose a degree. for medical professionalsonline services for referring physiciansgrand roundspublicationscontinuing medical educationmayo medical laboratoriespatient education materialsprofessional servicesexplore mayo clinic’s many resources and see jobs available for medical professionals. get updates. products & servicesbooks and more ...mayo clinic health lettergift shopmedical productspopulation health and wellness programshealth plan administrationmedical laboratory servicescontinuing education for medical professionalspatient education materials giving to mayo clinicgive nowfrequently asked questionsyour impactfinancialsgive to mayo clinicyou are an essential partner in our work to find answers for our patients. donate now.







sub navigation


jobs
why mayo clinic
career profiles
training programs & fellowships
internships
physicians & scientists
postdoc research
students & new grads
locations
job application help











search by keyword






share this job






















email similar jobs to me
please enable javascript to subscribe.









join with linkedin







join now





email  





please wait...














research fellow - bioinformatics job

apply now »

apply now 




start apply with linkedin







apply now





email  





please wait...








location: 
scottsdale , az, us


company: 
mayo clinic


department: researchspecialty: researcha life-changing careerposition summary: develop computational algorithm for analysis of gene regulatory network.  develop pipelines for next generation sequencing data and genotype-phenotype relationship inference; collaborate with biologists and clinician scientists for data processing, integration, and interpretation; draft manuscripts for peer-reviewed publications; prepare preliminary data for grant proposals.responsibilities: a research fellow at mayo clinic is a temporary position intended to provide training and education in research. individuals will train in the research program of a mayo clinic principal investigator. qualified individuals will demonstrate the potential for research as evidenced by their training and peer-reviewed publications and should become competitive for national research grants. proof of english proficiency is required for j-1 short-term scholars, research scholars, professors, specialists, and student interns sponsored by mayo clinic. 800146; j2wrtpqualifications: must have a ph.d., m.d., or equivalent doctoral degree in a field deemed relevant by the program. research fellow is appropriate for individuals who have completed no more than one prior postdoctoral fellowship, at mayo clinic or elsewhere. please attach the following required documents at the time of application: current curriculum vitae and bibliographythree letters of recommendation, signed, on letterhead, describing:relationship to the applicant. past work/academic performance. work qualities/personal conduct. overall assessment of potential for success in research environment. doctoral degree certification, if applicable:original or notarized copy of diploma or final transcript issued by school (english translation required). recruiter: saundra wilsonwhy mayo clinic? learn and grow among the best in your field at the nation’s top hospital (u.s. news & world report, 2016-2017), ranked no. 1 in more specialties than any other care provider. mayo clinic is committed to sustaining and growing research, believes in research-driven care and establishes a well-defined integration between research and clinical practice. at mayo clinic, you’ll use the power of collaboration to achieve the highest standards for research, medical care and health improvement, working in the largest integrated, not-for-profit medical group practice in the world with over 60,000 employees. you’re invited to contribute to a unique environment that brings together the best in patient care, groundbreaking research and innovative medical education. we offer exceptional benefits, and have been recognized by fortune magazine as one of the top 100 “best companies to work for”.site description: mayo clinic's campuses in arizona are located in phoenix and scottsdale, in the beautiful sonoran desert. the region is known as the valley of the sun, a metropolitan area with more than 4 million residents in 25 cities and towns.with phoenix being the sixth largest city in the nation, this sunny "desert metropolis" offers the amenities of a big city in the midst of a strikingly beautiful, rugged, southwest landscape.scottsdale frequently earns praise as a highly desirable place to live. the city's more than 200,000 residents enjoy a vibrant mix of culinary hot spots, arts and entertainment, professional and collegiate sports teams, and community resources. the region's desert climate promotes an outdoor lifestyle with a full complement of sports and recreation.mayo clinic is an equal opportunity educator and employer (including veterans and persons with disabilities).job posting number: 85184br
        
date: 
nov 23, 2017
                



nearest major market: phoenix
                    
                

job segment: 
medical, medical research, clinical research, patient care, healthcare, research
                    




apply now »

apply now 




start apply with linkedin







apply now





email  





please wait...









find similar jobs: 

phoenix arizona hospital professional jobs,
az research jobs,
az hospital professional jobs,
arizona research jobs,
arizona hospital professional jobs












top job searches
view all jobs
view jobs by category
join our talent community
contact us



legal conditions and terms

any use of this site constitutes your agreement to the terms and conditions and privacy policy linked below.



terms and conditions


privacy policy


notice of privacy practices




© 1998-2014 mayo foundation for medical education and research. all rights reserved.


























