




big data cloud analytics engineer co-op at monsanto























skip navigation















who we hire
working at monsanto
inclusion & diversity
student opportunities
our benefits
monsanto.com














search our jobs  
search our jobs


keyword



location




radius
select radius
5 miles
15 miles
25 miles
35 miles
50 miles



search




discover matches to jobs using your linkedin profile  »









big data cloud analytics engineer co-op
st. louis 
                       ,  missouri                    
 req id 01l42 


apply now
apply later




overview
success profile
rewards
responsibilities
trending
map
featured jobs



at monsanto you will enjoy a team-focused environment that thrives on innovation and encourages you to do extraordinary things. by incorporating cutting-edge technology and your experience, you will push the limits of agricultural technology and help change the world. are you ready to begin?

full-time
level: all
 



success profile
what does it take to be successful at monsanto? check out the traits below to see if you have the right combination of talents.








































software/infrastructure skilled
embraces inclusion & diversity
team player
self-motivated
entrepreneurial aptitude
driven & organized
loves to code
working in a matrix




who we are we at monsanto are more than 20,000 employees dedicated to contributing to a smarter way to feed the world. you can find us at 404 facilities across 67 countries. we’re a diverse group of thinkers with one common goal: helping to make a balanced meal accessible. together, we foster a culture of inclusion and innovation and we are working for sustainable agriculture.
learn more





what's this jobreally like?






































read more about agriculture and computer science at monsanto











rewards


compensation:
monsanto offers competitive pay and benefits, as well as other exciting rewards.


insurance (medical, dental, vision):
monsanto offers a health and insurance benefits program that allows you to tailor your own benefits package.


paid time off:
we believe we can all be more effective individuals if there's a proper balance among the various demands of work, family and life.


paid training:
internal and external seminars and conferences are available to increase your technical, professional and managerial skills.


savings plan:
we provide you an opportunity to save up to 25% of your eligible pay in a personal savings program to which monsanto also contributes.


variety and collaboration:
opportunities to participate in varied types of projects and get new experiences from partnerships with many organizations within monsanto.




responsibilities
monsanto’s mission is centered on finding agricultural solutions for a sustainable future. so many people, from all walks of life, depend on reliable access to a balanced meal. as such, we approach agriculture holistically, looking across a broad range of solutions from biotechnology, breeding to advanced predictive and prescriptive analytics, collaborating with a wide variety of people with different perspectives – in order to address the challenges associated with feeding a growing population.what you will do:• you will be part of the analytics technical platform for monsanto that is responsible to run analytics at scale and integrate analytics with product platforms across monsanto• partner with business stakeholders and engineers in the team to help architect and build a data transformation pipeline that serves hundreds of billions of data points on our platform leveraging global scalability and shared services of aws, gcp and azure• co-engineer solutions with the data science teams to build models thinking scale ahead, integrated with a provisioned infrastructure to serve data via apis and streams to integrate analytics with product platforms 
education, experience and what you should be awesome at: • pursuing bachelor’s or master’s degree in computer science, computer engineering, mis or related field.  big data engineering track preferred.
• 3.0 gpa or better• good programming fluency with one or more of the following languages java, scala, r , python. • experience leveraging one or more of the open source data processing technologies like hadoop, kafka, presto, spark, cassandra and neo4j. familiarity with file formats such as avro and parquet is a plus • fair understanding to instrument infrastructure as code via cfn templates, ansible, container orchestration via docker, ecs, kubernetes in the cloud • independent, self-starter, strong communication, collaboration and willing to learn passionately• entrepreneurial drive and demonstrated ability to achieve stretch goals in an innovative and fast-paced environment. • excellent problem-solving and analytical skills  bonus points for: • agriculture, genetics, bioinformatics domain knowledge • experience with search/analytics tools such as elk, solr • knowledge of ai and deep learning domain and exposure to cloudml, tensorflow, theano, neon etc why you should join us! • opportunity to utilize and contribute back to open source stack • open workspace promotes collaboration and pairing in a fun, casual environment • innovation days, hack-a-thons • networking events and volunteer opportunities • ongoing focus on training (domain and technical) and knowledge sharing through communities of agile teams • an environment that values your talent over a role or title 
if you share our values - then this position is made for you!!
 




doing great things



putting military skills to work:
at monsanto, we value the leadership, tenacity, adaptability, teamwork, and performance orientation skills and attributes that veterans and service members bring to the table.
learn more



inclusion & diversity
creating an inclusive environment where employees of all genders, ethnicities, backgrounds and orientations feel welcome and able to contribute is core to creating a great place to work.
learn more



making a difference:
giving is a natural part of what we do at monsanto. as a company, we are committed to making lives better.
learn more






map
st. louis
view our location

 









































get job news and event updates
first namelast namephone numberemail addressinterested insearch for a category / location, select a term from the suggestions, and click “add.”categorylocationaddinformation technology, st. louis, missouri, united statesremovestudents, st. louis, missouri, united statesremoveremove

confirm email















        		800 n. lindbergh boulevard
        		
        		st. louis, mo 63167
        	

facebook









©2002-2017 monsanto company – all rights reserved sitemap|
legal notice|privacy policy|
contact us







news & stories


conversation


news releases




innovation


products


our brands


seeds


agricultural biologicals


crop protection


safety information






company


investors


careers


contact us


more


america's farmers


modern agriculture


monsanto fund





sign up for our email newsletter

        				the monsanto newsletter brings you the latest modern agriculture news each month.
        			


first name *

last name

email *










©2002-2017 monsanto company – all rights reserved sitemap|terms & conditions|privacy policy|contact us












