




geospatial data engineer at monsanto























skip navigation















who we hire
working at monsanto
inclusion & diversity
student opportunities
our benefits
monsanto.com














search our jobs  
search our jobs


keyword



location




radius
select radius
5 miles
15 miles
25 miles
35 miles
50 miles



search




discover matches to jobs using your linkedin profile  »









geospatial data engineer
st. louis 
                       ,  missouri                    
 req id 01i9r 


apply now
apply later




overview
success profile
rewards
responsibilities
trending
map
featured jobs



at monsanto you will enjoy a team-focused environment that thrives on innovation and encourages you to do extraordinary things. by incorporating cutting-edge technology and your experience, you will push the limits of agricultural technology and help change the world. are you ready to begin?

full-time
level: all
 



success profile
what does it take to be successful at monsanto? check out the traits below to see if you have the right combination of talents.








































software/infrastructure skilled
embraces inclusion & diversity
team player
self-motivated
entrepreneurial aptitude
driven & organized
loves to code
working in a matrix




who we are we at monsanto are more than 20,000 employees dedicated to contributing to a smarter way to feed the world. you can find us at 404 facilities across 67 countries. we’re a diverse group of thinkers with one common goal: helping to make a balanced meal accessible. together, we foster a culture of inclusion and innovation and we are working for sustainable agriculture.
learn more





what's this jobreally like?






































read more about agriculture and computer science at monsanto











rewards


compensation:
monsanto offers competitive pay and benefits, as well as other exciting rewards.


insurance (medical, dental, vision):
monsanto offers a health and insurance benefits program that allows you to tailor your own benefits package.


paid time off:
we believe we can all be more effective individuals if there's a proper balance among the various demands of work, family and life.


paid training:
internal and external seminars and conferences are available to increase your technical, professional and managerial skills.


savings plan:
we provide you an opportunity to save up to 25% of your eligible pay in a personal savings program to which monsanto also contributes.


variety and collaboration:
opportunities to participate in varied types of projects and get new experiences from partnerships with many organizations within monsanto.




responsibilities
monsanto produces leading seed brands in large-acre crops likecorn,cotton, and oilseeds (soybeansandcanola), as well as small-acre crops likevegetables. monsanto also produces leading in-the-seed trait technologies for farmers that are aimed at protecting their yield, supporting their on-farm efficiency and reducing their on-farm costs.  as a company, monsanto remains committed to broadly licensing seed and trait technologies to other companies throughout the world. this approach ensures that farmers can access monsanto’s products in the varieties that mean the most to their farm.  in addition to our seeds and traits business, monsanto also manufactures the world's best-selling herbicide, roundup®, and other herbicides used by farmers, consumers and lawn-and-garden professionals.the geospatial data engineer will be involved in the design of big data solutions that leverage open source and cloud-based solutions within the location360 enterprise initiative and will work with multiple teams across the organization (i.e. cloud analytics, data architects, business groups). the big data engineer will participate in the building of large-scale data processing systems, is an expert in data warehousing solutions and should be able to work with the latest (nosql) database technologies.a big data engineer should embrace the challenge of dealing with petabytes, or even exabytes, of data daily. a big data engineer understands how to apply technologies to solve big data problems and to develop innovative big data solutions. the big data engineer generally works on implementing complex big data projects with a focus on collecting, parsing, managing, analyzing and visualizing large sets of data to turn information into insights using multiple platforms. the geospatial big data engineer should be able to develop prototypes and proof of concepts for the selected solutions. what you will do:- design, build, and support cloud and open source systems to process geospatial data assets via an api-based platform- provide up to date knowledge of public domain data sets that are relevant to monsanto’s product pipeline - partner with data science and commercial communities to brings needed data sets into gis and big data analytical environments- support integration of key environmental data into field management systems; provides leadership in advancing monsanto’s understanding of environmental influences on field performance and risk factorswhy you should join us:- work with other top level talent solving a wide range of complex and unique challenges that have real world impact- we value the exploration of all relevant technology stacks to find the best fit for each dataset- we prioritize and pursue opportunities to present our work at relevant technical conferences- our environment values your talent over a role or title.  strength of ideas trumps position on an org chart if you share our values, you should have:

- high school diploma required
- minimum of 3 year's professional experience with geospatial information systems (gis) such as opengeo suite, google maps, mapbox, or cartodb.
- minimum of 3 year's professional experience with java, scala, python, or similar development languages
- extensive knowledge in different programming or scripting languages like java, linux, c++, php, ruby, python and/or r
- experience working with raster and vector data sets applying gdal and similar spatial libraries
- experience developing rest style and ogc apis that serve up geospatial data leveraging geoserver or other similar open source technologies, preferably in a cloud environment
- experience in using geo server enabled services via js libraries: google maps, openlayers
- minimum of 2 years proven experience with distributed systems, e.g. mesos, kubernetes, spark, hadoop, cassandra, distributed databases, grid computing
- ability to build and maintain modern cloud architecture, e.g. aws, google cloud, etc
- experience working with postgresql/postgis for processing of both vector and raster data formats such as shp., geojson, geohash, geotiff, netcdf, png, jpg and others
- experience with code versioning and dependency management systems such as github, svt, and maven bonus points for:
- experience with stream processing, e.g. kafka
- demonstrated knowledge of agriculture and/or agriculture oriented businesses
- experience implementing complex big data projects with a focus on collecting, parsing, managing, analyzing and visualizing large sets of data to turn information into insights using multiple platforms.
- demonstrated experience adapting to new technologies
- capable to decide on the needed hardware and software design needs and act according to the decisions. the big data engineer should be able to develop prototypes and proof of concepts for the selected solutions.
- experience with object-oriented design, coding and testing patterns as well as experience in engineering (commercial or open source) software platforms and large-scale data infrastructures should be present.
- experience creating cloud computing solutions and web applications leveraging public and private api’s - we encourage you to share with us any and all public contributions you have made in the form of conference presentations, community forums (e.g. stack overflow, github, etc.), or open source projects and code samples. 




doing great things



putting military skills to work:
at monsanto, we value the leadership, tenacity, adaptability, teamwork, and performance orientation skills and attributes that veterans and service members bring to the table.
learn more



inclusion & diversity
creating an inclusive environment where employees of all genders, ethnicities, backgrounds and orientations feel welcome and able to contribute is core to creating a great place to work.
learn more



making a difference:
giving is a natural part of what we do at monsanto. as a company, we are committed to making lives better.
learn more






map
st. louis
view our location

 









































get job news and event updates
first namelast namephone numberemail addressinterested insearch for a category / location, select a term from the suggestions, and click “add.”categorylocationaddinformation technology, st. louis, missouri, united statesremoveremove

confirm email















        		800 n. lindbergh boulevard
        		
        		st. louis, mo 63167
        	

facebook









©2002-2017 monsanto company – all rights reserved sitemap|
legal notice|privacy policy|
contact us







news & stories


conversation


news releases




innovation


products


our brands


seeds


agricultural biologicals


crop protection


safety information






company


investors


careers


contact us


more


america's farmers


modern agriculture


monsanto fund





sign up for our email newsletter

        				the monsanto newsletter brings you the latest modern agriculture news each month.
        			


first name *

last name

email *










©2002-2017 monsanto company – all rights reserved sitemap|terms & conditions|privacy policy|contact us












