




big data cloud analytics developer (formerly big data engineer) at monsanto























skip navigation















who we hire
working at monsanto
inclusion & diversity
student opportunities
our benefits
monsanto.com














search our jobs  
search our jobs


keyword



location




radius
select radius
5 miles
15 miles
25 miles
35 miles
50 miles



search




discover matches to jobs using your linkedin profile  »









big data cloud analytics developer (formerly big data engineer)
st. louis 
                       ,  missouri                    
 req id 01dsp 


apply now
apply later




overview
success profile
rewards
responsibilities
trending
map
featured jobs



at monsanto you will enjoy a team-focused environment that thrives on innovation and encourages you to do extraordinary things. by incorporating cutting-edge technology and your experience, you will push the limits of agricultural technology and help change the world. are you ready to begin?

full-time
level: all
 



success profile
what does it take to be successful at monsanto? check out the traits below to see if you have the right combination of talents.








































software/infrastructure skilled
embraces inclusion & diversity
team player
self-motivated
entrepreneurial aptitude
driven & organized
loves to code
working in a matrix




who we are we at monsanto are more than 20,000 employees dedicated to contributing to a smarter way to feed the world. you can find us at 404 facilities across 67 countries. we’re a diverse group of thinkers with one common goal: helping to make a balanced meal accessible. together, we foster a culture of inclusion and innovation and we are working for sustainable agriculture.
learn more





what's this jobreally like?






































read more about agriculture and computer science at monsanto











rewards


compensation:
monsanto offers competitive pay and benefits, as well as other exciting rewards.


insurance (medical, dental, vision):
monsanto offers a health and insurance benefits program that allows you to tailor your own benefits package.


paid time off:
we believe we can all be more effective individuals if there's a proper balance among the various demands of work, family and life.


paid training:
internal and external seminars and conferences are available to increase your technical, professional and managerial skills.


savings plan:
we provide you an opportunity to save up to 25% of your eligible pay in a personal savings program to which monsanto also contributes.


variety and collaboration:
opportunities to participate in varied types of projects and get new experiences from partnerships with many organizations within monsanto.




responsibilities
the information technology team at monsanto integrates technology and scientific expertise into our efforts to revolutionize plant breeding and biotechnology. as an it professional with monsanto, the work you perform will be interesting and challenging, and you’ll be directly involved in the development of new systems and applications. working in monsanto it, you can feel proud that the work you do directly affects monsanto and helps to support our goals of producing more, conserving more and improving lives all across the globe.monsanto has built an industry-leading big data platform to transform domains as diverse as genomics to precision agriculture.  we are looking for a big data engineer to help drive the growth of this platform as we pursue our mission of feeding the world while conserving resources and improving lives.responsibilities include:partner with other engineering teams to help architect and build the data pipeline that ingest hundreds of billions of observations into our data science platform.expand capability using various open source data processing technologies like hadoop, kafka, spark, cassandra and neo4j into our infrastructure. become an expert of aws services that we leverage. help to efficiently integrate our big data infrastructure in the aws cloud. build services and tools to make our infrastructure more accessible to all our data scientists. enable specific initiatives to build our capability – from in-silico breeding, connected fields, genomics-based discovery and more.  required skill/experience:


associates degree in computer science or other related field required

5-10 years of software development experience in distributed systems 

expert in building large-scale applications using java and similar languages 

experience with hadoop, spark, cassandra or other similar big data technologies 

strong communication, collaboration and mentoring skills 

entrepreneurial drive and demonstrated ability to achieve stretch goals in an innovative and fast-paced environment. 

excellent problem-solving and analytical skills.
desired:


bs/ms/phd in computer science or other related field 

experience using agile methodologies and test-driven development 

experience with amazon web services.




doing great things



putting military skills to work:
at monsanto, we value the leadership, tenacity, adaptability, teamwork, and performance orientation skills and attributes that veterans and service members bring to the table.
learn more



inclusion & diversity
creating an inclusive environment where employees of all genders, ethnicities, backgrounds and orientations feel welcome and able to contribute is core to creating a great place to work.
learn more



making a difference:
giving is a natural part of what we do at monsanto. as a company, we are committed to making lives better.
learn more






map
st. louis
view our location

 









































get job news and event updates
first namelast namephone numberemail addressinterested insearch for a category / location, select a term from the suggestions, and click “add.”categorylocationaddinformation technology, st. louis, missouri, united statesremoveremove

confirm email















        		800 n. lindbergh boulevard
        		
        		st. louis, mo 63167
        	

facebook









©2002-2017 monsanto company – all rights reserved sitemap|
legal notice|privacy policy|
contact us







news & stories


conversation


news releases




innovation


products


our brands


seeds


agricultural biologicals


crop protection


safety information






company


investors


careers


contact us


more


america's farmers


modern agriculture


monsanto fund





sign up for our email newsletter

        				the monsanto newsletter brings you the latest modern agriculture news each month.
        			


first name *

last name

email *










©2002-2017 monsanto company – all rights reserved sitemap|terms & conditions|privacy policy|contact us












