


careers @ arup laboratories: my jobs













careers home
my application
my jobs
browse jobs











						        when applying for positions, please use internet explorer.
						    

job details






















requisition number
17-1171


post date
11/6/2017


title
r&d scientist i


flsa status
exempt


position type
professional & degreed




work hours
8:00 am - 5:00 pm


work schedule
monday - friday (40 hrs/wk)


department
r&d chemistry - 259 


city
salt lake city


state
ut


description

this individual will perform research, organize data, develop and implement new clinical laboratory assays as well as improve current testing methods under the direction of the chemistry medical directors. an
 understanding of clinical chemistry and experience working with biological specimens and separation technologies, including hplc and lc-ms/ms, are necessary. the successful applicant will have experience designing and validating sample extraction and mass
 spectrometric methods for clinical laboratory use. a phd or ms in chemistry or a related field is preferred.



requirements

education/credentials required: 

a ph.d. in a relevant technical field, or a master’s degree in a relevant technical field and two years of experience in a closely related research or clinical lab position, or
a bachelor’s of science degree and four years of experience in a closely related research or clinical lab position

experience/skills preferred:

peer reviewed publications as lead author formal presentations at professional meetings 
physical and other requirements:

stooping: bending body downward and forward by bending spine at the waist. reaching: extending hand(s) and arm(s) in any direction. mobility: the person in this position needs to occasionally move between work sites and inside the office to access file cabinets, office machinery, etc.
communicate: frequently communicate with others. ppe: biohazard laboratory environment that requires use of personal protective equipment in accordance with cdc and osha regulations and company policies.
arup policies and procedures: to conduct self in compliance with all arup policies and procedures.
authorized to work: must be a citizen of the united states or authorized to work in the united states.
sedentary work: exerting up to 10 pounds of force occasionally and/or negligible amount of force frequently or constantly to lift, carry, push, pull or otherwise move objects, including the human body. 
fine motor control: picking, pinching, typing or otherwise working, primarily with fingers rather than with the whole hand as in handling.
vision: having close, far, and peripheral visual acuity to perform a variety of tasks such as make general observations of depth and distance.
english: ability to speak, read, and comprehend the english language. 





equal opportunity employer/protected veterans/individuals with disabilities.please view equal employment opportunity posters provided by ofccp 
here.the contractor will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. however, employees who have access
 to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure
 is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the contractor's legal duty to furnish information. 41
 cfr 60-1.35(c)




apply on-line



send this job to a friend









©  arup laboratories. all rights reserved





