


careers @ arup laboratories: my jobs













careers home
my application
my jobs
browse jobs











						        when applying for positions, please use internet explorer.
						    

job details























requisition number
16-0226


post date
9/29/2017


title
bioinformatics scientist


flsa status
exempt


position type
professional & degreed




work hours
7:30 am - 4:30 pm


work schedule
monday - friday (40 hrs/wk)


department
biocomputing - 331


city
salt lake city




description

use software and/or databases to gather, store, manipulate, and analyze clinical and research data. design and implement bioinformatics tools and process analysis in accordance with defined
 clinical protocols used for genetic sequence, phenotype analysis, data mining or statistical modeling. 
identify and resolve technical issues and propose upgrades to software analysis. develop data analysis methods, and extend, adapt and improve existing methods. use high level of skill and extensive experience to accomplish goals. work under minimal supervision
 on complex projects and may assist less experienced peers. some latitude for independent judgment. position routinely consults with and receives guidance from more senior positions.
 



requirements

education/credentials required

bachelor’s or master’s degree bioinformatics, computational genetics, computer science, or relevant
technical field
 
experience/skills required

·     
demonstrated work experience showing proficiency -with the use of biological databases and on-line resources/tools

·     
two years of experience working with at least two of the following technologies: perl, python, java, c#, javascript

·     
two years scientific programming experience or tool development experience in sequencing analysis or genotyping, linux or shell scripting

·     
demonstrated work experience developing novel methods and algorithms

·     
demonstrated work experience managing complex projects with minimal supervision





equal opportunity employer/protected veterans/individuals with disabilities.please view equal employment opportunity posters provided by ofccp 
here.the contractor will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. however, employees who have access
 to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure
 is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the contractor's legal duty to furnish information. 41
 cfr 60-1.35(c)




apply on-line



send this job to a friend









©  arup laboratories. all rights reserved





