




data asset engineer intern at monsanto























skip navigation















who we hire
working at monsanto
inclusion & diversity
student opportunities
our benefits
monsanto.com














search our jobs  
search our jobs


keyword



location




radius
select radius
5 miles
15 miles
25 miles
35 miles
50 miles



search




discover matches to jobs using your linkedin profile  »









data asset engineer intern
st. louis 
                       ,  missouri                    
 req id 01knz 


apply now
apply later




overview
success profile
rewards
responsibilities
trending
map
featured jobs



at monsanto you will enjoy a team-focused environment that thrives on innovation and encourages you to do extraordinary things. by incorporating cutting-edge technology and your experience, you will push the limits of agricultural technology and help change the world. are you ready to begin?

full-time
level: all
 



success profile
what does it take to be successful at monsanto? check out the traits below to see if you have the right combination of talents.








































software/infrastructure skilled
embraces inclusion & diversity
team player
self-motivated
entrepreneurial aptitude
driven & organized
loves to code
working in a matrix




who we are we at monsanto are more than 20,000 employees dedicated to contributing to a smarter way to feed the world. you can find us at 404 facilities across 67 countries. we’re a diverse group of thinkers with one common goal: helping to make a balanced meal accessible. together, we foster a culture of inclusion and innovation and we are working for sustainable agriculture.
learn more





what's this jobreally like?






































read more about agriculture and computer science at monsanto











rewards


compensation:
monsanto offers competitive pay and benefits, as well as other exciting rewards.


insurance (medical, dental, vision):
monsanto offers a health and insurance benefits program that allows you to tailor your own benefits package.


paid time off:
we believe we can all be more effective individuals if there's a proper balance among the various demands of work, family and life.


paid training:
internal and external seminars and conferences are available to increase your technical, professional and managerial skills.


savings plan:
we provide you an opportunity to save up to 25% of your eligible pay in a personal savings program to which monsanto also contributes.


variety and collaboration:
opportunities to participate in varied types of projects and get new experiences from partnerships with many organizations within monsanto.




responsibilities
monsanto’s mission is centered on finding agricultural solutions for a sustainable future.   twenty years from now, the earth’s population will need 55% more food than it can produce now. today, monsanto is working with farmers around the world to do something about it.  as such, we approach agriculture holistically, looking across a broad range of solutions from biotechnology, breeding to advanced predictive and prescriptive analytics.to make this possible, we build great, innovative software that accelerates the complete monsanto portfolio, from the lab to the field to the customer.  example solutions include real-time streaming data from connected devices, mobile data collection and visualization suites, big data genomics repositories, and geospatial computing systems, just to name a few.  to build great software, we need great people.as a data asset engineer intern, you will join a comprehensive on-boarding and mentorship program to help build technical and professional skills.  the program is an exciting opportunity that will help accelerate your career at monsanto by providing specialized training, mentoring, coaching and feedback.  you will be exposed to agile software development, working with other entry software developers to solve complex problems using the latest tools and technologies.  you will work directly with your mentor on a daily basis and have access to our community of expert software developers with a broad range of skills and experience.  at monsanto, we expect ourdata asset engineersto:demonstrate passion and ownership by embracing all aspects of software development: analysis, development, testing and deployment.be curious and proactive. learn something new every day.be ego-less!  ask for help, be willing to admit what you don't know and willing to receive and give constructive feedback.collaborate closely with team members and business community.think through hard problems and work with a team to solve them.take pride in software craftsmanship, diving deep into code and constantly innovating.why you should join us:open workspace promotes inclusive collaboration and pairing in a fun, casual environmentinnovation days, hack-a-thons, networking events, and volunteer opportunitiesquestioning how things are done is not just encouraged, it is expectedwork with other top level talent solving a wide range of complex and unique problems that have real world impactongoing focus on growth through training (domain and technical) and knowledge sharing through communities of agile teamsdiverse technology stacks in a forward thinking, oss-centric environmentwe value autonomous, self-organizing teams allowing you to have a real say in what you work on, who you work with, and how you workour environment values your talent over a role or title.  strength of ideas trumps position on an org chart. 
required skills:


candidates must be currently enrolled in a bachelor's or master's degree program, with a standing of sophomore or above, in any of the following: computer science, computer engineering, mis, or related field. 

experience or education in the software development lifecycle. 

experience or education working with any object oriented language (ex. java, c#, scala, ruby, python)

possess strong organizational, problem solving, and excellent written and oral communication skills. 

ability to rapidly learn new technologies and problem domains, and become conversant in the technology/domain with business users.

detail oriented, able to multitask and meet deadlines. 

work as an effective team member.
 




doing great things



putting military skills to work:
at monsanto, we value the leadership, tenacity, adaptability, teamwork, and performance orientation skills and attributes that veterans and service members bring to the table.
learn more



inclusion & diversity
creating an inclusive environment where employees of all genders, ethnicities, backgrounds and orientations feel welcome and able to contribute is core to creating a great place to work.
learn more



making a difference:
giving is a natural part of what we do at monsanto. as a company, we are committed to making lives better.
learn more






map
st. louis
view our location

 









































get job news and event updates
first namelast namephone numberemail addressinterested insearch for a category / location, select a term from the suggestions, and click “add.”categorylocationaddinformation technology, st. louis, missouri, united statesremovestudents, st. louis, missouri, united statesremoveremove

confirm email















        		800 n. lindbergh boulevard
        		
        		st. louis, mo 63167
        	

facebook









©2002-2017 monsanto company – all rights reserved sitemap|
legal notice|privacy policy|
contact us







news & stories


conversation


news releases




innovation


products


our brands


seeds


agricultural biologicals


crop protection


safety information






company


investors


careers


contact us


more


america's farmers


modern agriculture


monsanto fund





sign up for our email newsletter

        				the monsanto newsletter brings you the latest modern agriculture news each month.
        			


first name *

last name

email *










©2002-2017 monsanto company – all rights reserved sitemap|terms & conditions|privacy policy|contact us












