




research data analyst























search for more jobs
forward this job to a friend

apply by email without registering
apply by creating/using  account



 


sign in


            language
        


                english
            


                français
            

                español
            










from:




to:



subject:



message:















ok
cancel
























email:



password:



forgot your password?
log in











please enter your registered email address, and we'll email you a link to reset your password right away.

your email






ok








from




subject



resume





browse





browse




browse







message





how were you referred to us? 


facebook
ksl
linkedin
ziprecruiter







ok
cancel






























				previous
			


research data analyst





			next
		





ref no.:
17-00436

location: 
salt lake city, utah





research data analyst
search group partners, a premier recruiting firm, is looking for an experienced data analyst for one of our clients located in salt lake city, ut.

iaed is a premier research and standards-setting organization in the field of public safety and public health. a major part of our mission is to conduct original research on emergency dispatch, emergency telecommunications, public health, public safety, emergency communication telephone nursing and telephone nurse triage, and ems response. we work with public safety and public health professionals, including researchers, ems physician medical directors, fire, police, and 911 center administrators in many countries around the world. iaed, through its research and informatics division, has continued to publish studies in various respected high impact peer-reviewed scientific journals, including its own–the annals of emergency dispatch & response (aedr).

here are a few things you'll likely find yourself doing in this role...

the successful candidate will spend the majority of his/her time performing analysis of dispatch data, including large datasets from multiple dispatch agencies and healthcare providers. specific responsibilities include:

use of structured query techniques to manipulate data from large relational databases, involving dispatch datasets (and, to some extent, other public health datasets)
use of stata statistical analysis software to achieve study hypothesis and objectives
collaboration with dispatch research team to collect and analyze data, and creation of study results tables to be used to interpret data and produce publishable papers
assist (whenever needed) in regular maintenance of relational databases in the iaed data center

here's what you need to have...

very strong educational background (bs minimum, some graduate school highly preferred) from an accredited university, with specialization/degree in public health, math, statistics, or informatics (current graduate students encouraged to apply)
experience with medical, public health, or other clinical data—field experience in a healthcare or emergency setting preferred
proficiency with at least one analytical software package, such as stata, sas, spss, r, etc.
proficiency with relational databases/database management


about search group partners:
sgp provides professional talent acquisition and consulting services. the services we offer include temporary, temporary-to-hire, permanent placement, executive search, consulting, interim management transitions, on-site solutions, outsourcing, talent development and human resources. sgp believes in and understands the importance of investing time into both our clients and candidates. we know what it takes to forge successful, professional, long-lasting relationships and partnerships. we represent an exclusive network of professionals and take the time to get to know every one of our clients and candidates personally.

at search group partners, we celebrate and support diversity and are proud to be an equal opportunity & affirmative action employer. in order to comply with federal regulations, we maintain records of the race and gender of applicants. for this reason and this reason only, we ask that you indicate your gender, race and ethnicity. if you do choose to answer these questions, this information will not affect your being considered for employment opportunities for which you are qualified.
 
	



apply by creating/using  account














ok





