



the climate corporation careers - senior backend engineer (data analytics)



























 


















features 



get your data in one place

data connectivity


data-visualization





uncover valuable field insights

crop performance analysis


field health imagery





optimize your inputs

variable rate seeding


nitrogen monitoring






partners


pricing


support


climate blog


login


get started







                senior backend engineer (data analytics)
    
    

                            data analytics            
                    st. louis,
                            missouri
                
                        



        apply
    


description


position overview:the climate corporation is revolutionizing the agriculture industry with a platform and products that are helping the world’s farmers sustainably increase productivity with digital tools. we are leveraging machine learning and big data to build meaningful products that allow farmers to produce enough food to help feed a growing population. the data and analytics team is focused on creating competitive advantage for climate and our customers through novel data infrastructure, metrics, insights and data services.  we are a small but rapidly growing analysis and engineering team that builds and leverages state-of-the-art analytics systems. our work informs decisions and direction for our business, while also impacting our products.  we are looking for a seasoned software engineer to not only build data pipelines to efficiently and reliably move data across systems, but also to build the next generation of data tools to enable us to take full advantage of this data. in this role, your work will broadly influence the company's products, data consumers and analysts.what you will do:expand ourbusiness by providing strategic data to partner groups and product groups via platform level real-time rest based api services for targeting, personalization and recommendationsdevelop and maintain the infrastructure and architecture that enable the data pipeline for analytics.develop infrastructure to enable scientists to rapidly train ml modelsdevelop infrastructure that enables product management to garner key insights into customer behavior and refine product roadmap to meet customer needsdevelop architecture and infrastructure to enable dealers and growers to manage their operations more effectivelyevaluate new technologies and products.basic qualifications:bs, ms or phd in computer science or related technical discipline (or equivalent)5+ years programming experience in java or another language.preferred qualifications:experience working with web applications and rest based api services at large to massive scale.a solid foundation in computer science, with strong competencies in data structures, algorithms and software design.experience designing and building a hadoop/spark high performance clusterexperience working with relational databases and especially mpp systems like redshift/vertica/teradata and map/reduce systems like hadoop or spark is an added plus.familiarity with nosql tools like hadoop (hive, pig, spark, hbase, membase)  and spark is an added plus.experience working with awswhat we offer:  our teams are composed of industry experts, top scientists, and talented engineers. the environment is extremely engaging and fast-paced, with dozens of specialties coming together to provide the best possible products and experiences for our customers.we provide competitive salaries and some of the best perks in the industry, including:superb medical, dental, vision, life, disability benefits, and a 401k matching programa stocked kitchen with a large assortment of snacks & drinks to get you through the dayencouragement to get out of the office and into the field with agents and farmers to see first-hand how our products are being usedwe take part and offer various workshops, conferences, meet-up groups, tech-talks, and hackathons to encourage participation and growth in both community involvement and career developmentwe also hinge our cultural dna on these five values:inspire one anotherinnovate in all we doleave a mark on the worldfind the possible in the impossiblebe direct and transparentlearn more about our team and our mission:the climate corporation - the technology behind making a differencehttps://youtu.be/c5tgbpe9ubi#li-ef1







        apply
    

        apply later    


            ← back to current openings        




share





linkedin




facebook




twitter




email











powered by jobvite





our services provide estimates or recommendations based on models. 
                    these do not guarantee results. consult your agronomist, commodities broker and other 
                    service professionals before making financial, risk management and farming decisions. 
                    information and recommendations we provide do not modify your rights under insurance policies 
                    purchased through our affiliates. view more important information here.
                    parametric insurance policies administered by the climate insurance agency llc. 
                    for information on state license information, click here. click here for a list of policy 
                    underwriters.




                        make daily decisions about your fields quickly, easily and confidently. 
                        download the app today!
                        


















features


data connectivity


data visualization


crop performance analysis


field health imagery


variable rate seeding


nitrogen monitoring


pricing


support


dealer locator




about


leadership


newsroom


contact




careers




get started











disclaimer//
end user license agreement//
privacy policy//
privacy policy faq//
privacy policy products//
state licenses//
terms of use//
underwriting











