



job application for automation scientist at recursion pharmaceuticals





















          apply now
        
automation scientist

        at recursion pharmaceuticals
      
(view all jobs)

        salt lake city
      


 
what we do
poised at the crossroads of biology and computation, recursion is disrupting the pharmaceutical industry’s approach to drug discovery. our unique platform leverages the most advanced biology, high-throughput automation, and artificial intelligence to rapidly discover treatments for rare diseases, inflammatory diseases, cardiovascular diseases of aging, and more (think immuno-oncology). 
we knit together big data, biology, and bleeding-edge robotics to capture hundreds of thousands of observations each week. using genetic manipulation, we create disease models in relevant human cell types, then use high throughput imaging coupled with automated image analysis to identify compounds that reverse cellular disease phenotypes. at recursion, we are focused on conducting scalable biology, and leveraging automation to extract maximum value from every minute we spend in the laboratory. this is where you come in...
how you’ll contribute
the high-level job description has only one item: do whatever is necessary to help us progress in identifying treatments for diseases.  if you are an automation scientist who is motivated to build robust and scalable automated laboratory systems at the cutting-edge of biotechnology, you have just found your dream job! your work as part of our high throughput screening (hts) team will significantly increase the speed of our drug discovery platform and will help us achieve our mission of discovering 100 disease treatments by 2025. 
our hts team is the engine that drives our platform and is charged with automating cellular and molecular biology assays that drive our future growth, ensuring laboratory processes are precise, robust, and scalable.  as an automation scientist on this team, you will be responsible for implementing instrumentation, software, and associated procedures at a critical juncture in the recursion pipeline. 
for this role, we are looking for people who are eager to:  

experiment - we want scientists who think critically.  rigorous use of the scientific method allows our automation scientists to quickly understand the critical aspects of laboratory systems and ensure they are optimized and controlled.


collaborate - we want scientists who play well with others.  the role will require close collaboration with our biological and computational science teams to facilitate the most efficient path to success across all of our laboratory assays. you will also interface directly with the engineering team to ensure software solutions are designed, tested, and implemented properly.


imagine - we want scientists who are forward thinking.  a thorough understanding of creative approaches is critical when selecting instrumentation for cutting-edge assays. our automation scientists develop innovative solutions through a deep understanding of biology, physics, and software development.


create - we want scientists who aren’t satisfied with the status quo.  recursion’s thirst for data can only be fed through an ever-expanding suite of high throughput assays.  automation scientists will create new capabilities for recursion to generate compelling new data-sets.

what you’ll need

a b.s. in a technical field related closely to biology, physics, computer science, or engineering
5+ years experience developing laboratory automation with a focus on cell staining/microscopy, lims-integrated liquid handlers, rt-pcr systems, facs, and/or similar technologies
demonstrated ability to develop and implement automated laboratory systems
demonstrated experience with experimental design, version control, and validation of laboratory protocols in a high throughput environment
demonstrable creative and independent thinking skills, along with extreme intellectual curiosity and internal motivation
ability to converse and understand molecular and cellular biology at a broad level
solid understanding of lims design, integration, and data-analysis
proficiency with c# and python desired

perks you’ll enjoy

coverage of health, vision, and dental insurance premiums (in most cases 100%)
401(k) with generous matching
flexible, generous vacation/sick leave
company-provided lunches, snacks, and beverages to keep you fueled up and focused
industry-leading paid maternity, paternity, and adoption leave
two one-week company closures during the winter holidays and during the peak of summer
short and long-term disability insurance
impressive office & laboratory space located in research park (near the university of utah)
showers, lockers, bike parking, nearby trail access - to facilitate an active and outdoorsy lifestyle
relocation assistance (if applicable) 

at recursion, there are ample opportunities for professional development, personal growth, and advancement. come join a close-knit team with a passion for scientific discovery and the drive to make a difference in the lives of those affected by rare disease.
recursion pharmaceuticals is an equal opportunity employer. all qualified applications will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, protected veteran status, or disability status.







apply for this job

* required
        


first name *



last name *



email *



phone *



resume/cv *


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 














cover letter


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 

















linkedin profile
    





website
    





how did you hear about this job? *












 



share this job:    













powered by 

 
      read our privacy policy
















