
analytics engineer job - pluralsight - farmington, ut | indeed.com






















skip to job description, searchclose










find jobscompany reviewsfind salariesfind resumesemployers / post job







upload your resume


sign in







:







what
where





advanced job search


 

 



 



job title, keywords or company


city, state, or zip












analytics engineer

pluralsight


7 reviews
 -
farmington, ut 84025


job summarypluralsight proudly creates the creators of tomorrow: the people who develop the technology that lifts the human condition. we do this through the tech industry's leading learning platform for serious developer, it and creative professionals. our team of 700+ innovators and disruptors are serving over 1m users in 150+ countries to conquer the tech skills gap.job descriptionhow would you like to work on data using and building some of the tools that are critical to moving & transforming this data into valuable and insightful information? what about presenting that data in a way individuals can consume visually in a quick and easy manner? as an analytics engineer, we have many opportunities to work with huge amounts of data each and every day. our analytics engineer works very closely with all aspects of data, both internal and external. they need the mindset to use a variety of tools and platforms to suitably move data across systems and build essential data sets needed to perform an analysis. in this role, your work will broadly influence the company's data consumers and analysts.the perfect applicant for this role will have a strong ability to guide others through the data and analytics infrastructure as well as the skills that it takes to participate in the design and development of creative and innovative data tools.you accomplish this by:creatively devise and implement programmatic solutions that bring together disparate data from a variety of sources, both internal and externaldesign, architect and develop data solutions to help product and business teams make data-driven decisionsprovide analytical support to any or all parts of the organization by supporting all needs of the tableau server environmentensure high uptime of tableau server environmentinterface closely with data scientists, data engineers, as well as other operational teams within the business to create cross-functional relationships that help with the understanding of company data needs.develop deep understanding of data models – write queries and manage data transformation to enable analytics and reportinghelp analyze, visualize, and provide analytics on data to build reporting solutions to support various company initiativesbuild rich and dynamic dashboards using out-of-box features, customizations, and visualizations using tableau or equivalentsupport end users on ad hoc data usagemaintain an ability to leverage the tools and analytics stack that pluralsight employs (tableau, alteryx, hadoop, sql, big data technologies, salesforce).you’d be a great fit if your current track record looks like this:2+ years of experience with tableau server installations, configuration, and administrationexpertise with sql and at least one programming language (powershell, python, perl etc.)strong foundation in database systemsstrong communication skills and willingness to take initiative to contribute beyond basic responsibilitiesexperience with data warehousing architecture and data modeling best practices: experience with hadoop, impala or hive preferreddemonstrable skills building curated datasets and responsive data visualizations using alteryx and tableau (or equivalent)working at pluralsightwe're committed to a values-driven culture here at pluralsight and our mission inspires everything we do:creating progress through technology that lifts the human condition.this is our north star — it's the why and how behind all of our decisions. since our start in 2004, we’ve chosen to grow in a way that will make our mission a reality. we’ve raised over $190 million in funding and acquired five awesome startups (peepcode, trainsignal, tekpub, digital tutors, & code school) that have grown our platform in immense ways. we're growing quickly and we're looking for people who are passionate about making a serious impact on technology -- and the world. we invite you to help us create the future while doing the best work of your life.need more inspiration? take a look at what others are saying on glassdoor and on social media at #wearepluralsight. check out our awards as well, or find who you know on linkedin that works at pluralsight and learn what drives their desire to make the world a better place. and it’s okay to be curious about our benefits- they’re one great example of our purpose-driven people programs that enable our teams to do amazing work.job type: full-time

30+ days ago   -  save job









» apply now

            please review all application instructions before applying to pluralsight.






other jobs you may like


ultrasonic engineer

moog inc. -
					salt lake city, ut
15 days ago


fullstack python developer

ubiota llc -
					salt lake city, ut
9 days ago

 easily apply



linxus solaris engineer

addx -
					salt lake city, ut
2 days ago


software/network engineering intern

leidos -
					hill afb, ut
14 days ago


project engineer - commercial construction

ascent construction -
					farmington, ut
2 days ago

 easily apply






 









                        pluralsight



7 reviews

                pluralsight proudly creates the creators of tomorrow: the people who develop the technology that lifts the human condition. we do this...



let employers find youthousands of employers search for candidates on indeedupload your resume










about - help center


©2017 indeed - cookies, privacy and terms



let employers find you  upload your resume










indeed salary estimatewe know salary is a key component of your decision whether or not to apply for a job. so when the hiring company hasn’t provided a salary for a job, we look at salary data from related companies and locations to come up with a reasonable estimate for what you can expect.with over 450,000,000 salaries collected from other jobs and employees, we use one of the biggest salary databases in the world to inform these estimates. and because we are continually adding feedback from users like you, we are able to keep refining our accuracy.these salary estimates are not endorsed by the hiring companies and may vary from what’s actually offered, but we have a pretty great record of getting close enough for you to make an informed decision.is this your job listing? send us feedback to correct an inaccurate salary estimate.

