
fullstack python developer job - ubiota llc - salt lake city, ut | indeed.com






















skip to job description, searchclose










find jobscompany reviewsfind salariesfind resumesemployers / post job







upload your resume


sign in







:







what
where





advanced job search


 

 



 



job title, keywords or company


city, state, or zip












fullstack python developer

ubiota llc
     -
salt lake city, ut 84103


                indeed salary estimate: $90,000 - $115,000 a year




job summaryubiota llc is seeking a fullstack python software developer with expertise developing applications using existing and emerging technologies. the candidate will be responsible for working on the full development stack - both backend and frontend. we're looking for smart, creative, and driven people to build great software with us. if you're the best at what you do and have a strong command of python and javascript, we'd love to talk with you. you will be working directly with the ceo and the pm creating new features using python/django on the backend and javascript/angularjs on the frontend.ubiota brings cutting edge techniques and results in microbiology to citizen scientists and traditional researchers in academia and industry. microbes tie the processes together that make life on earth possible. we help people understand and visualize that.responsibilities and dutiesdesign and develop software features based on use case analyses, visual mockups, and user stories. employ the values and principles of agile development on small teams. deliver high-quality code while working and communicating in a team environment. document software requirements, system designs, developer notes, and release notes. use best practices for testing, quality assurance and coding. actively participate in improving the code base by performing code reviews.qualifications and skillsbs in computer science or equivalent technical training and professional work experience.2 - 5 years of experience in developing scalable and high-performing web applications.django (or similar experience with other python web frameworks) for rapidly developing web applications.angularjs (or similar javascript frontend framework) for developing single page applications.ideally some experience with numpy and scipy.experience with sql databases, ideally mysql.experience working with html5, css3, scss and javascript.familiarity with test driven development.familiarity with deploying applications to the amazon web services or similar services.familiarity with source code control technologies and techniques, ideally git.design skills with experience in object-oriented methodologies, design patterns, database design, and data modeling.benefitssalary, equity-package and fringe are negotiable.job type: full-timerequired education:bachelor'srequired experience:python development: 2 yearsweb frontend: 2 years

9 days ago   -  save job









» apply now

            please review all application instructions before applying to ubiota llc.






other jobs you may like


front end and mobile developer

swipeclock -
					south jordan, ut
12 days ago

 easily apply



analytics engineer

pluralsight -
					farmington, ut
30+ days ago

 easily apply



full stack python developer

crossroads technologies -
					salt lake city, ut
30+ days ago

 easily apply



backend developer

noke -
					lehi, ut
30+ days ago

 easily apply



full stack developer

veritude -
					salt lake city, ut
26 days ago





 









                        ubiota llc


                ubiota's mission is to reveal the deep interconnections between microbes and the processes that make life on earth possible.  we make...



let employers find youthousands of employers search for candidates on indeedupload your resume










about - help center


©2017 indeed - cookies, privacy and terms



let employers find you  upload your resume










indeed salary estimatewe know salary is a key component of your decision whether or not to apply for a job. so when the hiring company hasn’t provided a salary for a job, we look at salary data from related companies and locations to come up with a reasonable estimate for what you can expect.with over 450,000,000 salaries collected from other jobs and employees, we use one of the biggest salary databases in the world to inform these estimates. and because we are continually adding feedback from users like you, we are able to keep refining our accuracy.these salary estimates are not endorsed by the hiring companies and may vary from what’s actually offered, but we have a pretty great record of getting close enough for you to make an informed decision.is this your job listing? send us feedback to correct an inaccurate salary estimate.

