




data scientist at monsanto
























skip navigation
















who we hire
working at monsanto
inclusion & diversity
student opportunities
our benefits
monsanto.com















search our jobs  
search our jobs


keyword



location




radius
select radius
5 miles
15 miles
25 miles
35 miles
50 miles



search




discover matches to jobs using your linkedin profile  »






data scientist

apply now
apply later
req id 01lhn date posted 10/27/2017
produce more. conserve more. improve lives. that’s monsanto’s vision for a better world. achieving this vision demands revolutionizing agriculture through technology and data science is central to attaining this transformation. we are seeking exceptionally talented individual with a passion for innovation to become an integral part of our data science team within global breeding organization. we are a cutting edge group providing recommendations and solutions to accelerate and optimize monsanto’s product development. we foster new game-changing ideas to produce sophisticated, intelligent optimization solutions and predictive models. as part of our diverse, highly dynamic group, you will be exposed to highly exciting research challenges and will have ample opportunity to work with interdisciplinary scientists (mathematicians, optimization experts, engineers, operations managers, and breeders) to foster your career growth and development while delivering next-generation analytical solutions. in this role, you are required to use advanced mathematical models, machine learning techniques, optimization and strong business acumen to deliver insight. you will be responsible for transforming large amounts of diverse data into descriptive knowledge using advanced quantitative analysis; formulate and apply mathematical modeling and other optimization methods to develop and interpret information that assists with decision making; work collaboratively with interdisciplinary scientists to address analytical scientific breakthroughs in the field of machine learning; utilize big data technologies to develop & deploy advanced analytics solutions for high throughput research strategies. you will present compelling, validated stories to all levels of organization, including peers, senior management and internal customers to drive both strategic and operational changes in business.  required skills: 
 
·    ph.d. in mathematics, statistics, computer science, electrical engineering, bioinformatics or closely-related field.strong background in machine learning with an expertise in many of the following: monte-carlo simulations, stochastic modeling, estimation and prediction, recommender systems, boosting and bagging techniques, bayesian analysis, deep learning, reinforcement learning, optimizationstrong object oriented and or functional programming experience with at least 3+  years of experience using pythonexperience implementing machine learning algorithms in using frameworks such as graphx, mllib, tensorflowstrong publication record in leading scientific journals creative, proactive, bold and out-of-box thinking strong business aptitude, the ability to rapidly learn new problem domains, and become conversant in the domain with subject matter experts ability to work in a matrix environment, leading & influencing people at varying levels of responsibility. proven ability to communicate complex qualitative analysis in clear, precise and actionable manner.  
desired skills: 
 
expertise in at least one or more of the following: network optimization, stochastic programming, portfolio optimization, efficient optimizer design for high dimensional convex/non-convex problems, optimal scheduling and routing, multi objective optimizationexperience with virtualized infrastructure and infrastructure as a service (iaas) such as amazon web services, or google compute engineexperience with big data ecosystem including hbase, mongodb, mapreduce, and sparkexperience with relational databases and sql 
apply now
apply later




map
st. louis
view the area



share

facebook
google+
twitter
linkedin
email




related jobs


data scientist
st. louis, missouri


procurement supervisor
santa fe, federal district


plant reproductive biologist
st. louis, missouri


dicamba e&i engineer
luling, louisiana


customer service coordinator
santa fe, federal district













































get job news and event updates
first namelast namephone numberemail addressinterested insearch for a category / location, select a term from the suggestions, and click “add.”categorylocationaddresearch & development, st. louis, missouri, united statesremoveremove

confirm email















        		800 n. lindbergh boulevard
        		
        		st. louis, mo 63167
        	

facebook









©2002-2017 monsanto company – all rights reserved sitemap|
legal notice|privacy policy|
contact us







news & stories


conversation


news releases




innovation


products


our brands


seeds


agricultural biologicals


crop protection


safety information






company


investors


careers


contact us


more


america's farmers


modern agriculture


monsanto fund





sign up for our email newsletter

        				the monsanto newsletter brings you the latest modern agriculture news each month.
        			


first name *

last name

email *










©2002-2017 monsanto company – all rights reserved sitemap|terms & conditions|privacy policy|contact us












