


rackspace jobs/careers - software developer big data in san antonio, texas, united states


































































are you a racker?
locations
culture
benefits
stories
jobs





join us!










view all jobs





are you a racker?locationsculturebenefitsstoriesjobs










								are you a racker?
							








								always ready, always accountable, always helpful 
							







being a racker means thinking about support in new and different ways. major hayden, principal architect, talks about how rackspace has redefined service.
read more












								are you a racker?
							








								serious about your work, but don't take yourself too seriously
							







delivering results-obsessed customer service in a highly technical, competitive industry is serious business. rackers also enjoy cutting up and having a good time together.
read more












								are you a racker?
							








								a cloud enthusiast with a heart for service
							







rackers are experts at building great products for our customers.  egle sigler, who is a principal engineer and rackspace board of director for openstack, shares how rackspace helps her tap into her passion for technology and service to deliver her best for customers.
read more












								are you a racker?
							








								dedicated to making a positive impact
							







tony campbell, learning and development director, shares that finding opportunities to make things better for our customers and industry drives rackers to excel.
read more












								are you a racker?
							








								committed to learning, growing & innovating
							







distinguished engineer and lead architect for open compute, aaron sullivan, explains that at rackspace innovation makes technology useful in really natural ways.
read more












								are you a racker?
							








								mission inspired, values grounded, culture focused
							







courtney skarda, vp of racker experience shares how rackers bring their strengths and true, authentic selves to work every day to achieve our mission.
read more









		rackspace one of best workplaces for millennials     read more





		connect: 
		











            
                
                    rackspace jobs/careers
                
            
        






where

city, state, country


what

job title, keywords











home

            view all jobs
            
(229)












rackspace


software developer big data in
            
san antonio, texas








job overview
overview & responsibilities
rackspace is looking for a software developer to join our data engineering organization. as a developer, you will be working on building and operating company wide data platform providing data warehouse, analytics and application services to other teams across the organization. you should have a passion for large-scale distributed systems from design to deploy, even if that means touching multiple repositories written in several languages within a single day. you’re opinionated about big data and data platforms. the platform you build would influence analytics and business decisions at rackspace. you make conscious choices and can explain the reasoning behind them or teach a teammate what they need to know to review your code. you are responsible for the decisions you make and the code that you ship.
what you'll do

write excellent, fully-tested code in java and python
provide in-depth and always-improving code reviews to your teammates
fix things before they break
continually improve our software pipeline
troubleshoot and support production, addressing technical debt to improve sustainability
use an open-source collaborative development model, branching for each major feature, writing clear commit messages and pr descriptions
implement product features and refine specifications with our data scientists, data analysts and data architects
resolve operational issues by collaborating with upstream support groups and other engineering teams.
work with other teams to reduce friction in the data ingestion and extraction pipelines

qualifications

3-5 years of software development experience
bachelor’s degree or equivalent experience is required. preferred in computer science or related degree
strong cs and software engineering fundamentals
skilled with at least one of python, java
experience building and operating distributed systems
expertise with software build and deployment tools like jenkins, maven, rpm, pip
experience working within an agile development process (scrum, xp, kanban, etc)
familiarity with ci/cd concepts
a working knowledge of linux
demonstrated proficiency in creating technical documentation
experience operating production systems
appreciation of modular software design and api design
experience contributing to open-source projects

tools we use hadoop, hive, spark, zeppelin, sql server, cassandra, zookeeper, flume, airflow, ansible, jenkins, github
req # 36093
location(s) us-tx-san antonio
category software development









apply now





apply now


share















current search criteria




              software developer big data
            



              san antonio
            



              texas
            

clear all















are you a racker?locationsculturebenefitsstories





rackspace is committed to offering equal employment opportunity without regard to age, color, disability, gender, gender identity, genetic information, marital status, status, military status, national origin, race, religion, sexual orientation, veteran status, or any other legally protected characteristic.

about rackspace  |  investors  |  careers  |  privacy statement  |  website terms  |  trademarks  |  sitemap




























