





scientist 2-apex companies, llc




























press enter to skip to the main content or press tab to continue


     





                no javascript
            

                your browser does not support javascript or javascript is not enabled! this site contains functionality that requires javascript.
            






















member sign in
			 | 
			not a member? 
	        join now!






 home

 job search

 by category

 by location

 all open jobs








scientist 2



overview
please do not use your browser back button

date posted:
12/5/2017

location:
tx south - san antonio

address:
7979 broadway st

city:
san antonio

state:
tx

country:
united states of america

category:
science technical


description 

no bureaucracy.  apex was founded on the principles of agility and employee empowerment, and we’ve worked hard over the past 25+ years to build a culture of collaboration, communication, and opportunity.   that’s our secret to success, plain and simple.
we get it.  you’re looking for growth opportunity in a high-energy environment.  you want to work with the best minds in the business and for a company that cares about your professional development.  and while you might be okay with some routine, you’d really like a role that includes new challenges, stretching you just enough to help you grow.
you get it.  as a scientist 2, you’re a serious multi-tasker who lends your technical expertise and business savvy to the success of every project.  you work hard to exceed client expectations for quality and cost-effectiveness, and you coordinate project activities to complete every project on time and within budget.  at the end of the workday, you go home very satisfied knowing you’ve delivered solutions to clients that depend on you to resolve problems that range from very simple to very complex.
responsibilities. like every member of the apex team, your role as scientist 2 is key to the company’s success.  while responsibilities of the scientist 2 will vary day to day, in general you will often:

perform phase i environmental site assessments
collect soil, water, air, and/or building material samples.
gather, analyze, and interpret data.
write technical reports and proposals.

in addition to your fulfilling role with a growing company, you also gain the advantages of:

flexibility of a part-time position
eligibility for performance-based bonuses and other incentives
resources and support for your career development
cross-training and diverse projects
working with some of the best and brightest in the industry among a culture that values diversity
600+ employee consulting firm led by an approachable, accessible executive team and all of the resources typical of much larger firms




minimum requirements 

great minds think alike!  now that we understand each other, let’s sort through the minimum qualifications for this position:

bs in geology, hydrogeology, environmental science, or other related field
4-6 years of experience with environmental field sampling and data collection
strong technical writing skills, the ability to successfully multi-task, safety awareness, and a good record and understanding of safe work practices
40-hour hazwoper certification.
light construction experience/hands-on skills a plus.
experience with data management and report preparation.
valid driver's license and personal vehicle are required.
strong communication skills.
proficiency with microsoft office suite.

we’re ready to get this key position filled so if this is you, submit your resume now for consideration.  if you’re ready to grow, let us know!
 
apex companies, llc is an affirmative action/equal opportunity employer





 


apply now













back to results

 

save this job
refer this job


apply now



 



    tweets by apexcoscareers















copyright © 2000 - 2017 by kronos incorporated. 


	 
	all rights reserved.
	


	 |  privacy policy


u. s. patents 7,080,057; 7,310,626; 7,558,767; 7,562,059; 7,472,097; 7,606,778; 8,086,558 and 8,046,251.
	


















