




















operations research analyst job























solutions & services

markets

about
contact»
careers»
















search by keyword






share this job






















email similar jobs to me
please enable javascript to subscribe.









join with linkedin







join now





email  





please wait...














operations research analyst job

apply now »

apply now 


email  





please wait...







date: 
dec 3, 2017
                


location: 
lackland afb, tx, us


company: 
saic


operations research analyst   (job number:429806)description:saic has an opening for an operations research analyst who will provide technical and analytical support to the 24th air force and its associated units air forces cyber (afcyber), joint forces hq cyber (jfhq-c), 624th operations center (oc), 318th operations support squadron (oss) and the 5th combat communications group (ccg) staffs.operations research analyst daily activities include:-  provide technical, analytical, and support services, including analysis and evaluation of plans, programs, in relation to published guidance, dod and usaf strategic objectives, and published guidance, and policies for national, osd, joint, and usaf-  perform analysis in taking into account the secondary and tertiary implications, projected threats, joint contributions, estimated costs, and resource constraints in relation to usaf programs, concepts, requirements, doctrine, alternatives, orders, and technical risks.qualifications:clearance requirement:-  clearance level must currently possess: ts/sci with poly-  clearance level to obtain: ts/sci with polyrequired education and experience:-  bachelors and nine (9) years or more experience; masters and seven (7) years or more experience ; phd or jd and four (4) years or more experience.-  requires at least 7 years of experience working in operations research, systems analysis, or management sciences and/or 8 years of experience with working as an operations research analyst in the dod-  requires a dod 8570 iat level ii (security +) certification-  strong attention to detail and organizational skills.-  excellent communications skills-  strong analytical and problem solving skillssaic overview:saic is a premier technology integrator providing full life cycle services and solutions in the technical, engineering, intelligence, and enterprise information technology markets. saic is redefining ingenuity through its deep customer and domain knowledge to enable the delivery of systems engineering and integration offerings for large, complex projects. saic has approximately 15,000 employees are driven by integrity and mission focus to serve customers in the u.s. federal government. headquartered in reston, virginia, saic has annual revenues of approximately $4.5 billion. for more information, visit saic.com.eoe aa m/f/vet/disabilityjob posting: aug 9, 2017, 8:32:01 pmprimary location: united states-tx-lackland afbclearance level must currently possess: top secret/sci with polygraphclearance level must be able to obtain: top secret/sci with polygraphpotential for teleworking: notravel: noneshift: day jobschedule: full-time
        




job segment: 
operations manager, engineer, security clearance, operations, engineering, research, government
                    





apply now »

apply now 


email  





please wait...











find similar jobs: 

security jobs,
security clearance,
polygraph jobs,
cyber jobs with saic,
cyber






if you are a qualified individual with a disability or a disabled veteran, you have the right to request an accommodation if you are unable or limited in your ability to use or access saic.com/career as a result of your disability. to request an accommodation, please click here.

saic is an equal opportunity employer.

 top job searches | 
 view all jobs | 
 privacy policy | 
socialmatcher



join us on

facebook
linkedin
twitter
youtube





































