

	job posting search results



















            currently logged in as 
            
[sign out]








session expiration warning


you've been inactive for a while. for your security, we'll log you out automatically. click "stay online" to continue your session. 
your session will expire in 120 seconds.


stay online
logout












        ? help
    


            job posting search results
        
showing results on a single job code: 10-00930




analyst - engineer - research engineer - intelligent network systems
10-00930


email a friend


printer friendly


                    job summary:
				

join a team that develops creative solutions for existing and future computing devices and systems for a variety of commercial, space, and military applications such as aircraft instrumentation, aeronautical telemetry systems, wireless systems, real time processing systems, geohazard monitoring and mapping systems, and securing embedded systems.  interact constantly with technical clients and colleagues to understand requirements and constraints of the task objectives; work in various phases of the system lifecycle, including applied research, requirements generation, design, implementation, testing, integration, installation, and documentation; apply aspects of computer systems theory, structure of software, and nature and limitations of hardware to ensure that the underlying systems work properly.  additional information about the type of work conducted by the intelligent network systems section can be found at: http://appliedsensing.swri.org

                    education/experience:
				
requires a ms or phd degree in computer engineering, electrical engineering, computer science, biomedical engineering, aerospace engineering, mechanical engineering or other related fields with at least a 3.5 gpa. must have course work or experience in more than one of the following: high performance computing including gpus; signal processing; communications and rf; network routing protocols; logic programming and knowledge representation.  strong software skills required; experience in c, c++, and/or python is preferred; experience with linux, real-time operating systems, multithreaded programming, and/or networking/socket programming is a plus; interest and/or experience in working with hardware is a plus; excellent verbal and written communication skills is required; must be able to work in project team environments and independently; must have excellent problem-solving skills, be self-motivated, and be driven by challenging problems; must have good organizational skills and attention to detail; aptitude for continuous learning and leadership potential. a valid/clear driver's license is required.

                    this position requires passing the  test.
	            

                    special considerations:
				
applicant selected will be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information.  applicant must be a u.s. citizen.
job locations: san antonio, texas


                    military friendly: your military experience may apply to this position
	            
for more information about this division, visit the <a href="http://www.swri.org/4org/d10/d10home.htm" target="_blank">intelligent systems</a> home page.

                    an equal employment opportunity/affirmative action employer
                    race/color/religion/sex/sexual orientation/gender identity/national origin/disabled/veteran
                    committed to diversity in the workplace
                






job title
applied on
job code



analyst - engineer - research engineer - intelligent network systems

10-00930











    if you need assistance, please contact us

back to top




            to save a new automated job alert - you must be logged into your profile. click 'login' to either save this job alert by logging in, or registering a new profile. 
        





