


careers | 
















 for full functionality of this site it is necessary to enable javascript.









 



database developer



job tracking id: 512315-591987 job location: huntersville, nc job level: mid career (2+ years) level of education: any




job type: full-time/regular date updated: september 21, 2017 years of experience: not applicable starting date: asap












invite a friend























  back to job search 



job description:
database developer 
 position description due to exciting growth, we have an immediate need for a database developer to join our team on a cutting edge database project. as an integral part of this group, you will be responsible for designing and developing databases and complex procedures. bring your good ideas and appetite to learn new technology and join our team of bright and motivated data experts.  conclusive analytics, a wholly owned subsidiary of marketing associates, provides managed analytics as a service that enables our customers to grow revenue and increase profitability. our experts integrate data, deploy the latest in decision science, management science, data science, predictive analytics, and visualization techniques enabling better, faster decisions to achieve improved and sustainable business results.
responsibilities


design, develop, document, and deploy technical solutions to complex business problems.


build, edit, and review challenging and complex database procedures.


optimize existing import/export processes to increase efficiencies and performance.


analyze oltp and olap databases, interpret results, produce reports, and provide insights and recommendations to our clients.


assist with database administration tasks.


assist data scientists with data analysis and research.


 
 
  



experience and skills:
qualifications


bachelor’s degree (b.a.) or equivalent from four-year college or technical school; at least 3 years related database programming experience in sql server, oracle, postgresql, or mysql and/or training; or equivalent combination of education and experience.


experience with vertica or other columnar database technologies a plus.


knowledge of etl processing is required.


ability to analyze data, troubleshoot new and mature processes, manipulate data, and support database design efforts.


strong documentation skills needed for code/project reviews.


experience using tableau, microstrategy, or other business intelligence tools a plus.


advanced statistics/analysis background is a plus.


experience with both windows and unix/linux platforms a plus.


experience with git, mercurial, or other dvcses a plus.


at conclusive analytics, we have been named one of the top workplaces by the charlotte observer. we offer a strong team-oriented culture while also focusing on continuing professional development. we offer excellent benefits (including medical, dental, vision, life and disability insurance, microsoft certification bonuses, tuition reimbursement, 401(k) matching, and paid time off (pto). 























 if you are having difficulties with the application process, please click here







