













 bank of america job - corporate investment quantitative finance analyst , atlanta, ga; charlotte, nc;  - united states













skip to main content
menu





navigation

home 
our company

our business


working here

culture, inclusion, people
military & veterans
benefits & advantages
career development & learning
recruitment tips


locations
career areas

search jobs
events
applicants with disabilities

united states
change location

argentina
australia
bahamas
bahrain
belgium
brazil
canada
cayman islands
chile
china
colombia
costa rica 
france
germany
greece
hong kong
india
indonesia
ireland
isle of man
israel
italy
japan
jersey
lebanon
luxembourg
malaysia
mexico
monaco
netherlands
norway
panama
peru
philippines 
poland
portugal
russia
saudi arabia
singapore
south africa
south korea
spain
sweden
switzerland
taiwan 
thailand
turkey
united arab emirates
united kingdom
united states
uruguay
venezuela







search jobs





corporate investment quantitative finance analyst
atlanta, ga; charlotte, nc;  - united states
job number: 17076131
back to job search results


apply now for this job >



job description

job description:the strategic and asset liability management group within bank of america is seeking a quantitative analyst to join our quantitative finance (qf)team.  qf uses quantitative techniques extensively, and is staffed by mathematicians, statisticians, and programmers that apply quantitative methods to risk management of bank of america's investment portfolio.   qf designs and implements a suite of complex valuation tools and models.  these models drive the valuation of mortgage servicing, mortgage-backed securities and whole loan portfolios.  additionally, qf provides analytics for a wide range of processes, including:  trading decisions, primary mortgage pricing and rate setting, loss forecasting, business strategy and ad hoc financial decisions at the highest level of the bank.this role will provide an opportunity to learn the qf analytical platform as well as advanced model development techniques.  the candidate will join the quantitative finance team and will collaborate with senior model developers on model development and assist with testing and documentation.   required skillsadvanced degree in a quantitative fieldexperience with or academic exposure to statistics, time series analysis, financial theory, derivatives pricing, stochastic calculus and other quantitative analytical techniques·         ability to analyze complex quantitative theory and code and organize into a comprehensive documentation package subject to independent reviewexcellent writing skills; management-level presentation preparationunderstanding of economic and financial marketsstrong attention to detailability to work well in a cooperative environment, time-sensitive, market-driven environmentability to manage multiple priorities with minimal supervisionability to work individually and with the group on complex problem solving; analytical skills, critical thinking and a strong desire to learndesired skills·         experience in the mortgage or credit industry, is preferred·         experience with c++, python, r, or perl in a unix/linux environment·         expertise using microsoft office, latex and sciword


posting date: 11/13/2017 
location: atlanta, ga, atlanta plaza, 600 peachtree st ne, charlotte, nc, bank of america corporate center, 100 n tryon st,  - united states 

travel: no 


full / part-time: full time 
hours per week: 40 
shift: 1st shift  




already have a candidate profile? log in to access and update your current profile to access and update your current profile.  
assistance for applicants with disabilities
bank of america is committed to ensuring that our online application process provides an equal employment opportunity to all job seekers, including individuals with disabilities. if you believe you need a reasonable accommodation in order to search for a job opening or to submit an application, please visit the applicants with disabilities page. 
diversity & inclusion
at bank of america, our commitment to diversity and inclusion is helping us to create not only a great place to work, but also an environment where our employees, our customers and our communities around the world can reach their goals and connect with each other. all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. 
frequently asked questions 
need to know how to apply online, view a list of your submitted job applications or reset your password? visit our faq section for answers to these questions and more.

bank of america employees
bank of america employees should access the internal jobs database.






return to top


faq | 
events | 
campus | 
about us | 
returning job seekers | 
pay transparency | 
privacy policy | 
eeo statement | 
site map 


© bank of america, n.a. member fdic. equal housing lender. © 2014 bank of america corporation. all rights reserved.

follow us:

go to twitter page

twitter page :  bofa_careers
twitter page :  ml_careers


go to facebook page
go to linkedin page

linkedin page :  bank of america
linkedin page :  merrill lynch 






life's better when we're connected 








thanks for your interest in this job
we're updating our website and regret that we cannot accept your job application right now. please try again after 1 a.m. gmt monday, 12 december. 
thank you for your patience!
life’s better when we’re connected ®











