













 bank of america job - audit supervisor/data scientist , wilmington, de; charlotte, nc; dallas, tx; plano, tx;  - united states













skip to main content
menu





navigation

home 
our company

our business


working here

culture, inclusion, people
military & veterans
benefits & advantages
career development & learning
recruitment tips


locations
career areas

search jobs
events
applicants with disabilities

united states
change location

argentina
australia
bahamas
bahrain
belgium
brazil
canada
cayman islands
chile
china
colombia
costa rica 
france
germany
greece
hong kong
india
indonesia
ireland
isle of man
israel
italy
japan
jersey
lebanon
luxembourg
malaysia
mexico
monaco
netherlands
norway
panama
peru
philippines 
poland
portugal
russia
saudi arabia
singapore
south africa
south korea
spain
sweden
switzerland
taiwan 
thailand
turkey
united arab emirates
united kingdom
united states
uruguay
venezuela







search jobs





audit supervisor/data scientist
wilmington, de; charlotte, nc; dallas, tx; plano, tx;  - united states
job number: 17070843
back to job search results


apply now for this job >



job description

job description:audit supervisor/data scientistaudit supervisor / data scientist position responsible for developing and executing an audit program designed to validate the completeness and accuracy of data across the enterprise.  associate will be responsible for extracting data utilizing sql/sas programs, analyze data, establish conclusions and provide executive communication. associate will be responsible for testing the completeness and accuracy of data from point of origin, to systems of record, through business use (e.g. reporting).  additionally, associate will be responsible for reviewing the key processes, risks and controls within the business and control functions as it relates to data and as outlined in the enterprise data management standard.  associate will assist in identifying business/processes requiring coverage, developing test plans and working with business audit teams to execute testing.  audit testing results across the enterprise will be pulled together to establish a point of view on bank of america data control effectiveness.  associate will be required to communicate and deliver results with top executives across the enterprise, drive issue identification and work with businesses and control functions to build solutions.  assist in the ownership of key regulatory matters related to data management.  strong problem solving, critical thinking, communication and project management skills are required.required job skills:strong critical thinking, problem solving, analytical mindset requiredsql / sas programming capability or other automation experiencestrong verbal and written communication skillsproject management skills including multi taskinginformation technology or data experiencedesired job skills:advanced degree or certifications (cpa, cia, cisa etc)knowledge of bank of america business processes and front end application systems


posting date: 11/02/2017 
location: wilmington, de, bracebridge ii, 1020 n french st, charlotte, nc, bank of america plaza, 101 s tryon st, dallas, tx, bank of america plaza, 901 main st, plano, tx, building b, 7105 corporate dr,  - united states 

travel: yes, 25% of the time 


full / part-time: full time 
hours per week: 40 
shift: 1st shift  




already have a candidate profile? log in to access and update your current profile to access and update your current profile.  
assistance for applicants with disabilities
bank of america is committed to ensuring that our online application process provides an equal employment opportunity to all job seekers, including individuals with disabilities. if you believe you need a reasonable accommodation in order to search for a job opening or to submit an application, please visit the applicants with disabilities page. 
diversity & inclusion
at bank of america, our commitment to diversity and inclusion is helping us to create not only a great place to work, but also an environment where our employees, our customers and our communities around the world can reach their goals and connect with each other. all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. 
frequently asked questions 
need to know how to apply online, view a list of your submitted job applications or reset your password? visit our faq section for answers to these questions and more.

bank of america employees
bank of america employees should access the internal jobs database.






return to top


faq | 
events | 
campus | 
about us | 
returning job seekers | 
pay transparency | 
privacy policy | 
eeo statement | 
site map 


© bank of america, n.a. member fdic. equal housing lender. © 2014 bank of america corporation. all rights reserved.

follow us:

go to twitter page

twitter page :  bofa_careers
twitter page :  ml_careers


go to facebook page
go to linkedin page

linkedin page :  bank of america
linkedin page :  merrill lynch 






life's better when we're connected 








thanks for your interest in this job
we're updating our website and regret that we cannot accept your job application right now. please try again after 1 a.m. gmt monday, 12 december. 
thank you for your patience!
life’s better when we’re connected ®











