













 bank of america job - sr. quantitative financial analyst - quantitative financial analyst - counterparty model risk management , charlotte, nc, united states













skip to main content
menu





navigation

home 
our company

our business


working here

culture, inclusion, people
military & veterans
benefits & advantages
career development & learning
recruitment tips


locations
career areas

search jobs
events
applicants with disabilities

united states
change location

argentina
australia
bahamas
bahrain
belgium
brazil
canada
cayman islands
chile
china
colombia
costa rica 
france
germany
greece
hong kong
india
indonesia
ireland
isle of man
israel
italy
japan
jersey
lebanon
luxembourg
malaysia
mexico
monaco
netherlands
norway
panama
peru
philippines 
poland
portugal
russia
saudi arabia
singapore
south africa
south korea
spain
sweden
switzerland
taiwan 
thailand
turkey
united arab emirates
united kingdom
united states
uruguay
venezuela







search jobs





sr. quantitative financial analyst - quantitative financial analyst - counterparty model risk management
charlotte, nc, united states
job number: 17070269
back to job search results


apply now for this job >



job description

job description:responsible for validating xva models developed by front office model developers and imm/ccr models developed by global risk analytics, covering all asset classes. validator is to perform independent testing to identify/quantify model risk, and prepare validation report and technical documents, working closely with business, market risk, finance/pvg and other control functions. validator is to maintain a sub-portfolio of model inventory and perform annual model reviews, on-going monitoring reviews, and required action items closure.business overview:bank of america - merrill lynch is looking for a quantitative finance analyst in the counterparty model risk management team. the group is a multi-national team within enterprise model risk management primarily based in new york and london. it covers all aspects of model validation and model risk of front office credit/funding value adjustment (xva) models, margin models, and counterparty credit risk (ccr) models including counterparty internal method models (imm). the team covers cross asset classes of over-the-counter derivatives for xva/ccr/imm calculation ranging from interest rates, fx, commodity, inflation, equity, credit and collateral modeling.candidate will work closely with front office and global risk analytics model developers, as well as finance/pvg and other risk management groups•validate xva system models and feeder models of bank’s counterparty systems developed by quantitative strategy group and global risk analytics, including all asset classes: ir (interest rates), fx (foreign exchange), inflation, equity, commodity, credit, mortgage, as well as collateral exposure modelling.•candidate is expected to play a lead role in validation of fva, mva and kva models•review the underlying assumptions, theory, derivation, empirical evidence, implementation and limitations of the model being validated•perform independently testing to identify/quantify model risk associated with the model being validated•prepare validation report and technical documents for the model being validated•work closely with the model stakeholders (business, market risk, finance/pvg and other control functions) with respect to compensating controls of the models and communication of validation outcomes•maintain a sub-portfolio of model inventory and perform annual model reviews, on-going monitoring reviews, and required actions items closure.requirements:•phd or master degree in quantitative fields such as mathematics, statistics, physics or equivalent•in depth understanding of financial mathematics including stochastic calculus and probability theory, as well as derivative pricing and risk models including interest rates and credit risk modelling.•exceptional knowledge of financial derivatives, otc trading and hedging, collateral management, capital management, bank’s operations and regulatory requirements•knowledge of fva, mva and/or kva models, including collateral and discounting under different csa, is essential.•strong coding ability in c++, python or r is a plus•5+ years’ work experience is required in quantitative modelling and/or validation in cva/ccr or derivative pricing models. experience on fva/kva models is a plus.•being critical thinking, intellectually curious, detailed-oriented, well-organized, quick learning and a team player with good communication skills (both written and verbal)


posting date: 10/16/2017 
location: charlotte, nc, one bank of america center, 150 n college st,  - united states 

travel: yes, 5% of the time 


full / part-time: full time 
hours per week: 40 
shift: 1st shift  




already have a candidate profile? log in to access and update your current profile to access and update your current profile.  
assistance for applicants with disabilities
bank of america is committed to ensuring that our online application process provides an equal employment opportunity to all job seekers, including individuals with disabilities. if you believe you need a reasonable accommodation in order to search for a job opening or to submit an application, please visit the applicants with disabilities page. 
diversity & inclusion
at bank of america, our commitment to diversity and inclusion is helping us to create not only a great place to work, but also an environment where our employees, our customers and our communities around the world can reach their goals and connect with each other. all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. 
frequently asked questions 
need to know how to apply online, view a list of your submitted job applications or reset your password? visit our faq section for answers to these questions and more.

bank of america employees
bank of america employees should access the internal jobs database.






return to top


faq | 
events | 
campus | 
about us | 
returning job seekers | 
pay transparency | 
privacy policy | 
eeo statement | 
site map 


© bank of america, n.a. member fdic. equal housing lender. © 2014 bank of america corporation. all rights reserved.

follow us:

go to twitter page

twitter page :  bofa_careers
twitter page :  ml_careers


go to facebook page
go to linkedin page

linkedin page :  bank of america
linkedin page :  merrill lynch 






life's better when we're connected 








thanks for your interest in this job
we're updating our website and regret that we cannot accept your job application right now. please try again after 1 a.m. gmt monday, 12 december. 
thank you for your patience!
life’s better when we’re connected ®











