













 bank of america job - sr quantitative finance analyst , charlotte, nc, united states













skip to main content
menu





navigation

home 
our company

our business


working here

culture, inclusion, people
military & veterans
benefits & advantages
career development & learning
recruitment tips


locations
career areas

search jobs
events
applicants with disabilities

united states
change location

argentina
australia
bahamas
bahrain
belgium
brazil
canada
cayman islands
chile
china
colombia
costa rica 
france
germany
greece
hong kong
india
indonesia
ireland
isle of man
israel
italy
japan
jersey
lebanon
luxembourg
malaysia
mexico
monaco
netherlands
norway
panama
peru
philippines 
poland
portugal
russia
saudi arabia
singapore
south africa
south korea
spain
sweden
switzerland
taiwan 
thailand
turkey
united arab emirates
united kingdom
united states
uruguay
venezuela







search jobs





sr quantitative finance analyst
charlotte, nc, united states
job number: 17052540
back to job search results


apply now for this job >



job description

job description:this position will be responsible for independently conducting model validation and ongoing model risk management activities for capital, operational and compliance models. the incumbent shall possess excellent quantitative/analytic skills and is able to document and communicate model validation and ongoing model review findings with business partners.responsibilities review and validate capital (basel and economic capital), operational (fraud, other operational risk and operational volume) and compliance modelsprovide effective challenge on underlying assumptions, theory, data, estimation, implementation and limitations of the model being validatedperform independent testing to identify/quantify model risk associated with the model being validatedprepare validation report and technical documents for the model being validatedwork closely with model owners, developers and users with respect to compensating controls of the model and communication of validation outcomesperform annual model reviews, on-going monitoring reviews, required actions items closureprovide support for regulatory and audit requestsrequirementsphd or masters degree in quantitative fields such as mathematics, statistics or equivalentin depth understanding of probability theory and statistical analysis, particularly in probability distribution (including univariate and multivariate), statistical estimation, hypothesis testing, and regression (such as linear and logistic) analysis 5+ years of hands-on quantitative modelling or validation experience in capital models or related areastrong communication (both written and verbal) and collaboration skillsstrong programming skills in one or more of the following: sas, matlab, r, python and c++familiar with sr11-07 and related requirements on model risk


posting date: 08/02/2017 
location: charlotte, nc, one bank of america center, 150 n college st,  - united states 

travel: yes, 5% of the time 


full / part-time: full time 
hours per week: 40 
shift: 1st shift  




already have a candidate profile? log in to access and update your current profile to access and update your current profile.  
assistance for applicants with disabilities
bank of america is committed to ensuring that our online application process provides an equal employment opportunity to all job seekers, including individuals with disabilities. if you believe you need a reasonable accommodation in order to search for a job opening or to submit an application, please visit the applicants with disabilities page. 
diversity & inclusion
at bank of america, our commitment to diversity and inclusion is helping us to create not only a great place to work, but also an environment where our employees, our customers and our communities around the world can reach their goals and connect with each other. all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. 
frequently asked questions 
need to know how to apply online, view a list of your submitted job applications or reset your password? visit our faq section for answers to these questions and more.

bank of america employees
bank of america employees should access the internal jobs database.






return to top


faq | 
events | 
campus | 
about us | 
returning job seekers | 
pay transparency | 
privacy policy | 
eeo statement | 
site map 


© bank of america, n.a. member fdic. equal housing lender. © 2014 bank of america corporation. all rights reserved.

follow us:

go to twitter page

twitter page :  bofa_careers
twitter page :  ml_careers


go to facebook page
go to linkedin page

linkedin page :  bank of america
linkedin page :  merrill lynch 






life's better when we're connected 








thanks for your interest in this job
we're updating our website and regret that we cannot accept your job application right now. please try again after 1 a.m. gmt monday, 12 december. 
thank you for your patience!
life’s better when we’re connected ®











