





sr. consumer research analyst





























































            sr. consumer research analyst        













 return to job opportunitiesjob detailslevel experiencedjob location driven brands franchise support center - charlotte, nceducation level 4 year degreejob category marketingdescription position overview:
the lead consumer analyst for driven brands will be responsible for providing actionable and integrated consumer insights that strengthen customer loyalty and improves customer experiences and business performance across brands and occasions.
 
primary responsibilities:
work with 3rd party research vendors to design research methodology, sampling specifications, questionnaire development, and analytic techniques that result in actionable and brand-relevant consumer analytics & insights
design and implement an rfp process for best-in-class research vendor selection that results in high quality, accurate, and consistent outcomes
direct management of driven brand’s customer experience measurement program, customer journey mapping, brand positioning testing, ad testing, and brand health trackers
key driver analyses- linking consumer experience metrics to measurable business outcomes that can drive targets
synthesize multiple sources and disparate data points to provide an actionable and integrated consumer story for a business audience
provide high impact and dynamic visualization to bring the customer story to life for the business
qualifications requirements:
bachelor’s degree in marketing research, social sciences (sociology, psychology) or related field
preferred 2-3 years of relevant work experience
experience with quantitative methods (descriptive statistics, choice-based modeling, conjoint, turf, clustering, segmentation, etc.)
experience with qualitative methods (focus groups, shop-alongs, ethnography)
comfort working across multiple research programs to provide consolidated insights
experience with analytic tools (sas, spss, r)
excellent verbal and written communication skills
highest standards of accuracy and precision; highly organized
strong analytical and problem solving skills
ability to work effectively across internal teams and foster productive vendor/agency partnerships
 
company description:
a roark capital group portfolio company, driven brands (drivenbrands.com) is on a rapid-growth trajectory. headquartered in charlotte, nc, a city on a similar upward path, driven is more than the first word in our name, it’s also the one word that best describes our culture. a culture shaped by five bedrock values: bold, meritocracy, inclusive, integrity and fun. we have in place and are continuing to build a world-class team of leaders to optimize, invigorate and reshape business models and well-known brands. there is a well-defined, forward-leaning drivendream and we’re selectively filling our ranks with talent to achieve it. driven brands is a growth-driven franchisor of some of the most well-known brands in the automobile services and parts distribution industries. operating 2,500+ locations across all 50 states and ten canadian provinces, driven brands franchises service over 5 million vehicles annually, and generated +$2.5 billion in system-wide sales in 2016.
  return to job opportunities 




first time user?
create account



returning user? please sign in!


sign in

forgot password?

 











 








