
software engineer - python job - gateway blend, llc - clayton, mo | indeed.com























skip to job description, searchclose










find jobscompany reviewsfind salariesfind resumesemployers / post job







upload your resume


sign in







:







what
where





advanced job search


 

 



 



job title, keywords or company


city, state, or zip












software engineer - python

gateway blend, llc
     -
clayton, mo


the software engineer contributes to the growth and performance of our web and marketing applications. the successful candidate will join our growing engineering team. key responsibilities will include the design, development, testing and deployment of enhanced software systems.essential functions:design, develop, test, deploy, maintain, and enhance software solutions in a team environmentnavigate between teams and projects as our fast-paced business grows and evolvesbe comfortable with agile development cyclesbe able to translate client requests into formal software requirementswork cross-functionally with internal teamsdevelop, enhance, and document explicit codeprovide direction in complex problem solving situationseducation, experience and skills:b.s. in computer science, computer engineering or 3 years of relevant work experienceprogramming experience in python, javascript, html5/csscomfortable working with web or big data frameworks (django, flask, hadoop & spark)understanding of distributed version control, specifically githighly organized and detail orientedapi integration and development experience using rest and http methodsstrong object-oriented skillsexperience and understanding of mvc architectureexperience with web services and data stores (hadoop, redis, beanstalk, kafka, elastic search, aws emr)experience with relational databases (mysql)benefits of working at gateway blend:competitive base salary with bonus100% company paid for medical coverage for employee and familymatching 401kawesome work environment with casual dresscentrally located in downtown clayton with free covered parkinggateway blend is a rapidly growing internet technology company that owns and operates a portfolio of high-traffic websites. our online properties specialize in presenting engaging content that draws 70 million visitors monthly. currently, gateway blend is comprised of over 70 employees in both st. louis and toronto. gateway blend, and this opportunity, are located in st. louis, missouri.job type: full-timejob location:clayton, morequired education:bachelor'srequired experience:python: 3 years

30+ days ago   -  save job









» apply now

            please review all application instructions before applying to gateway blend, llc.






other jobs you may like


engineer 2, software

enterprise holdings -
					st. louis, mo
enterprise rent-a-car - 
					4 days ago


software engineer

tyler technologies, inc. -
					st. louis, mo
13 days ago


software engineer

label insight -
					st. louis, mo
18 days ago

 easily apply



software engineer, security

twitter -
					seattle, wa
5 days ago


junior software engineer

skayl, llc -
					westminster, md
4 days ago

 easily apply






 





let employers find youthousands of employers search for candidates on indeedupload your resume










about - help center


©2017 indeed - cookies, privacy and terms



let employers find you  upload your resume











