

lytx careers




























 











current openings




 


your user session will timeout in 5 minutes.  please click ok to continue with your application.


















					machine learning intern
				


						tracking code
					

						961-042 
					

						job description
					

internship project overview: 
the lytx advanced technologies group develops machine learning and computer vision algorithms to monitor and assess the state of drivers and their environment to identify risk and improve the safety for our clients. the machine learning intern will work on key aspects of the development cycle to help prototype, optimize, and evaluate models in lytx’s product development pipeline. this is a great opportunity for a student who wants to gain hands-on experience in the world of machine learning and data science.
key duties and responsibilities:

design and develop machine learning models to solve key business problems and improve client performance, retention and satisfaction
analyze data to find trends, evaluate and compare effectiveness of the developed models, and report statistics on model performance
assist on projects led by other team members via data processing, programming, monitoring of an applications already deployed to production, etc.

 
desired experience and qualifications:

currently enrolled in an accredited university/college. preferred: masters student of highly qualified undergraduate student pursuing a quantitative major (e.g. computer science, electrical engineering, physics, math, etc.)
strong statistical and mathematical background
working knowledge of python
experience with conventional machine learning techniques and coding packages (e.g. scikit-learn)
experience with deep learning development a plus (e.g. tensorflow, theano, etc.)
experience applying machine learning to image/video preferred
basic knowledge of sql database

 

if you are interested in finding out more about our company culture, check out our careers page on the muse. use this url to learn more! https://www.themuse.com/companies/lytx

 
at lytx, we believe what we do and how we do it matters. we are passionate about our work, inspired by the impact it has on our business and our customers.  as a team, we believe in winning as one - collaborating to reach shared goals, and developing through challenging and meaningful experiences.
 
lytx, inc. is proud to be an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer. we are committed to attracting, retaining and maximizing the performance of a diverse and inclusive workforce. eoe/m/f/disabled/vet.


						job location
					

						san diego, california, united states
					

						position type
					

						intern
					





							apply
						











								share
							






















					return to job listings
				









family |
    subscribe to newsletter |
    site map  |
    patents |
    legal information |
    privacy policy




blog
linkedin
twitter
youtube






©2017 lytx, inc. all rights reserved

 











