






leidos | data analyst / statistician - san diego, ca - leidos













leidos: solutions for national security, health, and engineering




























www.leidos.com








main menu


leidosback

leidos

aboutback

back
about
mission, vision, and values
international
subsidiaries
leadership
history
ethics & corporate responsibility
commitment to quality
rankings & awards
contract center
contact us



capabilitiesback

back
capabilities

civilback

back
civil
aviation
commerce solutions
cyber solutions
energy
environment & infrastructure
exploration & mission support
homeland & transportation security



defense & intelligenceback

back
defense & intelligence
airborne
command & control
data analytics
enterprise it services
federal cybersecurity
intelligence services
operations & logistics
sensors
training



healthback

back
health
federal health it
hospitals & health systems
life sciences



advanced solutionsback

back
advanced solutions
airborne systems integration
maritime 





careersback

back
careers
opportunities
pay & benefits
life at leidos
faqs



investorsback

back
investors
stock data
corporate governance
sec filings
quarterly earnings


search


insights



leidos search


leidos
cancel









home





            data analyst / statistician
        


apply now
       





job number:
629669


job category:
healthcare / life sciences / medical


location:
san diego, ca us


schedule:
full-time


travel:
none


shift:
day job


potential for teleworking:
no


clearance level must currently possess:
none


clearance level must be able to obtain:
secret





 
description:leidos's naval health operation (nhw) supports navy medicine by conducting research to determine the best methods to increase individual healthcare provider and overall healthcare team performance. research conducted on the effectiveness and efficiency of hyper-realistic simulation based training for healthcare providers has been shown to be an effective method for increasing inter-active team skills and for improved overall teamwork. this position may also be needed to support other related navy medical research initiatives. to support this research initiative, leidos is looking for the following position in san diego, ca. data analyst / statistician : 1. creates databases for analysis using various types of statistical software including but not limited to sas and spss. 2. plan data collection methods for specific projects. 3. determines the appropriate statistical tests to use to answer research questions. 4. comprehend and analyze data results and to present data in laymen’s terms. 5. analyze and interpret statistical data in order to identify significant differences in relationships among sources of information. 6. evaluate sources of information in order to determine any limitations in terms of reliability or usability. 7. ability to apply sampling techniques in order to determine size of groups to be studied. 8. identify issues with statistics and offer correct solutions. 9. identify relationships and trends in data, as well as any factors that could affect the results of the research. 10. assists the research coordinator and/or pi with the development of study manuscripts, technical reports, and dissemination materials (i.e., manuscripts, posters ). qualifications:qualifications: 1) bachelor’s degree or higher in a relevant field, with specific training completed in human subjects research (collaborative institutional training initiative (citi): (1) department of navy (don) investigators and key research personnel - biomedical - basic course, (2) good clinical practice for don investigators, and (3) research integrity training. two years of related experience 2) contractor personnel shall possess knowledge of human subjects’ research. 3) contractor personnel shall be able to read, write, and speak english fluently in order to effectively communicate with all nmcsd staff. contractor employees shall have the ability to enunciate with sufficient clarity to be readily understood by staff and potential research collaborators. 4) contractor personnel shall possess sufficient initiative, interpersonal relationship skills and social sensitivity such that they can relate constructively with ncmsd staff and research collaborators as well as students undergoing training in a hyper-realistic simulated environment. 5) contractor must provide curriculum vitae and/or resume attesting to proven experience and training. 6) contractor must have experience in creating databases for analysis using various types of statistical software including but not limited to sas and spss 7) must be able to develop an acceptable or peer reviewed plan of data collection methods for specific projects. 8) must be able to determine and use the appropriate statistical tests to use to answer research questions. 9) must comprehend and analyze data results and to present data in laymen’s terms. 10) must be able to analyze and interpret statistical data in order to identify significant differences in relationships among sources of information. 11) shall be able to evaluate sources of information in order to determine any limitations in terms of reliability or usability. 12) demonstrate the knowledge and ability to apply sampling techniques in order to determine size of groups to be studied. 13) must be able identify issues with statistics and offer correct solutions. 14) must be able to identify relationships and trends in data, as well as any factors that could affect the results of the research.   us citizen with the ability to obtain a secret clearance this position is eligible for the summer referral.leidos overview:leidos is a global science and technology solutions leader working to solve the world's toughest challenges in the defense, intelligence, homeland security, civil, and health markets. the company's 33,000 employees support vital missions for government and commercial customers. headquartered in reston, virginia, leidos reported pro forma annual revenues of approximately $10 billion for the fiscal year ended january 1, 2016 after giving effect to the recently completed combination of leidos with lockheed martin's information systems & global solutions business (is&gs). for more information, visit www.leidos.com.  the company's diverse employees support vital missions for government and commercial customers. qualified women, minorities, individuals with disabilities and protected veterans are encouraged to apply. leidos is an equal opportunity employer.

other locations:  
 


apply now
       











leidos

© 2017 leidos







privacy policy








for customers
for alumni
for employees
for suppliers














connect on facebookconnect on linkedinconnect on twitterconnect on youtube








products
federal contract vehicles
contact us





powered by smashfly


















