



staff software engineer (machine learning) | inseego corp.















log in




register




jobs









staff software engineer (machine learning)



email









tweet




location: san diego, ca


date posted: 12-09-2017







position overview:
machine learning engineer will lead our effort to recognize and understand solutions and their environments, including: adapting and improving state of art methods such as:

research and prototype algorithms and design machine learning solutions that can provide value to our users.
develop services that will be deployed as highly scalable production services. 

responsibilities: 

explore data to measure the impact of your changes and come up with ideas for how to maximize key metrics
work closely with engineers to make sure that algorithms will effectively scale to large data sets and to ensure that systems provide the flexibility needed for ideas.
grasp theoretical concepts and extract technical requirements to be able to co-create.
convey functional requirements of algorithms in development in time for co-creators to plan.
communicate effectively with engineering and research team members.
work effectively in a fast-paced collaborative team with minimal procedural guidance. 

experience/requirements:

7+ years industry experience in machine learning, statistics, or related fields.
a passion for big data, and creative ideas for what to do with it.
the algorithms and data structures experience to make your ideas workable.
a background in machine learning or information retrieval.
familiarity with programming languages such as c/c++, python, java or perl. 


education:

bachelor degree in computer science, math or related degree 



inseego is an equal opportunity employer.  employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion (including religious dress and grooming), sex/gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, related medical conditions or breastfeeding), gender identity, gender expression, national origin, ancestry, age, physical or mental disability or legally protected medical condition, family care status, military or veteran status, marital status, sexual orientation, genetic information, or any other protected classification under federal, state and local law.
 












apply now




or













powered by 
cats.



