




scientific software/data science intern at monsanto
























skip navigation
















who we hire
working at monsanto
inclusion & diversity
student opportunities
our benefits
monsanto.com















search our jobs  
search our jobs


keyword



location




radius
select radius
5 miles
15 miles
25 miles
35 miles
50 miles



search




discover matches to jobs using your linkedin profile  »






scientific software/data science intern

apply now
apply later
req id 01lhf date posted 09/20/2017
monsanto is a sustainable agriculture company focused on enabling farmers around the world to produce more from their farms, both large and small. as our climate changes and population grows, we’re striving to feed additional billions safely, affordably, and with minimal environmental impact. to meet this need monsanto has launched the world’s largest effort to develop naturally-sourced microbial enhancers of plant health, productivity, and fertility. we believe microbes offer tremendous potential to deliver ecologically responsible and cost-effective benefits to crops around the world.the microbials discovery team in san diego, california is seeking an intern who will work closely with our labs and other data scientists to design, develop, and deploy new workflow analytics tools on aws. as an intern, you will be expected to work both independently and collaboratively using modern cloud based technologies to produce a web-based analytics application for our researchers.  this effort will enable lab scientists to make data-driven decisions in the efforts to discover and test plant-growth-promoting microorganisms.the bioag alliance was established by monsanto and novozymes, with a goal to discover, develop and sell microbial solutions that enable farmers worldwide to increase crop yields with less input.  this position offers a fantastic opportunity for an individual to learn and grow in a dynamic research environment.  dates for this summer internship are may 14 - august 3 of 2018 
required:


enrolled at a university within the u.s. in pursuit of a b.s. in computational biology, computer  science, or a related field.

minimum of 3.0 cumulative gpa or above on a 4.0 scale.

must be returning to school to continue program of study upon completion of internship, or continuing to pursue an advanced degree in the fall.

prior programming experience using r, python, javascript, or similar high-level languages.

prior experience working with git and aws (or similar cloud platform)

ability to effectively communicate (both written and verbal)
 

apply now
apply later




map
san diego
view the area



share

facebook
google+
twitter
linkedin
email




related jobs


materials testing laboratory chemist
st. louis, missouri


biodirect production research associate
st. louis, missouri


pathology and discovery breeding co-op
st. louis, missouri


data scientist
st. louis, missouri


procurement supervisor
santa fe, federal district













































get job news and event updates
first namelast namephone numberemail addressinterested insearch for a category / location, select a term from the suggestions, and click “add.”categorylocationaddresearch & development, san diego, california, united statesremovestudents, san diego, california, united statesremoveremove

confirm email















        		800 n. lindbergh boulevard
        		
        		st. louis, mo 63167
        	

facebook









©2002-2017 monsanto company – all rights reserved sitemap|
legal notice|privacy policy|
contact us







news & stories


conversation


news releases




innovation


products


our brands


seeds


agricultural biologicals


crop protection


safety information






company


investors


careers


contact us


more


america's farmers


modern agriculture


monsanto fund





sign up for our email newsletter

        				the monsanto newsletter brings you the latest modern agriculture news each month.
        			


first name *

last name

email *










©2002-2017 monsanto company – all rights reserved sitemap|terms & conditions|privacy policy|contact us












