







applicant searches


















   
  





































job descriptionsign in|new user
















previous in list


next in list





 






job details

















job title 


research programmer analyst ii (c# developer) - biomedical engineering - 38554


job id 


38554





location





school of engineering


full/part time 

full-time





regular/temporary 

regular



















job type/schedule







this position is full-time and works approximately 37.5 hours per week.  






department name/job location







this position is in the department of biomedical engineering.  this position is for the danforth campus.






essential functions







position summary:the programmer will work with both physicians and engineers to further develop a mixed reality platform to assist physicans who are performing minimally-invasive surgical procedures.primary duties and responsibilities: 		primary responsibility is to develop software in unity (c#) to display real-time positions of surgical tools within the human body.  this task will require creation and maintenance of a user interface, efficient display of 3d data using state-of-the-art rendering methods, and coding of network communication between hardware that determines tool position and the headset.  all code must be thoroughly documented and stored in a shared repository. 		meet with physicians to determine software workflow and functionality with the expectation that this software will be used in initial feasibility trials.  this will require regular communication with the physicians who are using the software and an understanding of how the software is being used. 		perform other duties as assigned.






required qualifications







 		bs in computer science or biomedical engineering plus two years of of related work experience, or equivalent combination of education and experience. 		ability to work independently, communicate with non-technical users (physicians), and develop high quality, documented, computer code.






preferred qualifications







experience with c#, unity, shaders, virtual and mixed reality programming, network communication protocols, medical device development or a demonstrated ability to quickly learn similar skills.  






salary range







the hiring range for this position is $56,881 - $76,791 annually.






benefits







-retirement savings plan -22 vacation days -8 paid holidays -sick time -tuition benefits for employee, spouse and dependent children -free metro link/ bus pass-free life insurance-health, dental, vision -health savings accounts (hsa)-long term disability insurance -flex spending plan -other benefits human resources website (hr.wustl.edu)






eoe statement







washington university is an equal opportunity employer. all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, genetic information, disability, or protected veteran status. 








































return to previous page










 



test




t
 




help


test     



 
careers job search default local node:dbname:portal:node:workcenter id:url:

