





careers at karmak














menucareers homecurrent openings 


careers at karmak
current job opportunities are posted here as they become available.
subscribe to our rss feeds to receive instant updates as new positions become available.

data integration engineer (located in carlinville, il)

 department:
client services
 location:
st. louis, mo


start your application
job title:           data integration engineer
reports to:          vp of client services
work location:    carlinville, il
date prepared:     3-28-17
 
vroom…
karmak is in the fast lane and building a successful team that’s passionate about working with innovative technology. our customers are in the commercial transportation industry where streamlined operations have never been more important. karmak has been on the highway of this industry for 35 years, and we serve more than 1,500 locations across north america. we motivate, inspire and push each other because we are an employee owned company, where each employee’s success is a company investment.
daily job functions – what’s in your gps?

perform test conversions and live conversions for each customer implementation
accurately migrate data to the fusion business system
perform data verification including tie out all balances to the existing system
assist with mapping and converting all data required
work with the configuration and data teams to verify business rules and/or clarify data analysis
participate in the development and implementation of standardized procedures for common conversion routines
develop and maintain scripts to automate common pre/post conversion tasks
work with assigned project manager and team to identify risks to the project and participate in the solution
maintain a high level of accuracy in modified or created scripts

knowledge & skills – what’s under the hood?

experience in edi tool development
api integration experience (soap, rest)
2-4 years sql experience
2-4 years of experience building web-based c# .net applications using microsoft visual studio
proficient in c# and/or vb.net
experience in an agile scrum environment a plus
experience designing, developing, and deploying applications on the microsoft azure platform a plus
deep understanding of object oriented development
knowledge of the microsoft .net framework
exceptional organizational, analytical and time management skills
ability to adapt to the changing needs of a project and to meet deadlines
ability to work with in a project management system (microsoft project)
excellent verbal and written communication skills
bachelor’s degree in computer science or equivalent, relevant experience

driving privileges
after the first 30 days of employment, you will be expected to understand the current edi process. within 4 months we would like you to be able to enhance and architect a new product direction. within 6 months you will be rapidly importing legacy systems into our fusion software, warehouse reporting, data shaping, and adapting to different technology as necessary. the position also requires team collaboration working in an open environment.
meet the truck tech team
you will be reporting to the vp of client services. you will be part of a team of two other conversion specialists with support from the database administration team.
 
the above statements describe the general nature and level of work being performed in this job. they are not intended to be an exhaustive list of all duties. additional responsibilities may be assigned by karmak. 

start your application


© 2017 karmak 

applicant tracking system powered by 

 













