








apply for bny mellon principal data management & quantitative analysis job - operations - multiple
























skip to main content





















































toggle navigation











who we are
what we do
our thinking




client access
careers
investor relations
news
contact















bny mellon careers







get future jobs matching this search.







 get alerts 




 please enter a valid email.
 unfortunately, our network is not responding. please try again later.
 your job alert was successfully created.






share this job


























principal data management & quantitative analysis


multiple locations:
new  york, new york; oriskany, new york; pittsburgh, pennsylvania




categories: operations





apply




job description



oversees the development of statistical, financial and/or econometric models for analyzing asset performance, client reference data, securities data, derivative pricing, risk exposure or other sophisticated concepts. provides analytical and project leadership for assigned area. performs advanced, complex statistical and quantitative analyses for assigned area. collaborates and recommends to management techniques and methodologies to be used for each type of activity/analysis. leads data modeling and quantitative analysis projects and serves as resource to less experienced colleagues. uses technology applications to conduct complex analyses;; applies techniques such as sql and querying and macro development to extract data for populating models and presents to management. programs system configuration in order set up sophisticated models or algorithms. partners with management to evaluate and select the most appropriate technologies. has a deep understanding of the relevant products in assigned area and which analyses, methodologies and approaches best support assessment of performance, risk, or valuation. leads complex advanced projects in support of new or evolving processes/products or for initiatives with cross-functional or enterprise-wide impact. formulates findings and prepares ad-hoc reports and delivers results to management and/or other leaders. provides recommendations for addressing observed outcomes. translates complex technical concepts and analyses to non-technical audiences. ensures accuracy of reports and calculations performed by less experienced colleagues and gives guidance when appropriate. no formal supervisory responsibility but may provide work oversight for to less experienced analysts and provide input into their performance assessments. impact of work is felt beyond immediate team and sub function and contributes to the achievement of functional goals, business unit and and overall business. extensive knowledge with data privacy laws & regulations globally. experience leading, creating & implementing research programs in emea & apac. understanding of emea & apac employee rights. some experience working with emea & apac regulators on data privacy qualifications bachelor's degree or the equivalent combination of education and experience. advanced degree in quantitative analysis preferred. 10 + years total work experience preferred. experience in quantitative finance and technology preferred. bny mellon is an equal employment opportunity/affirmative action employer.minorities/females/individuals with disabilities/protected veterans.  primary location: united states-new york-new  york internal jobcode: 70693 job: operations organization: client svcs delivery strategy-hr14450 requisition number: 1712425





 


see jobs by: 

categories


locations













who we are
our story
leadership
social responsibility




what we do
our services
who we serve
investment services
investment management
wealth management




our thinking
business insights
foresight
library















client access
careers
investor relations
news
contact




sitemap
suppliers
cookies
privacy
terms of use
©2017 the bank of new york mellon corporation






















