





software engineer-save-a-lot




























press enter to skip to the main content or press tab to continue


     





                no javascript
            

                your browser does not support javascript or javascript is not enabled! this site contains functionality that requires javascript.
            






















member sign in
			 | 
			not a member? 
	        join now!






 home

 job search

 by category

 by location

 all open jobs








software engineer



overview

date posted:
11/8/2017

address:
100 corporate office drive

city:
earth city

state:
mo

category:
information technology

requisition number:
642


description 

primary function
under immediate to moderate supervision and using established procedures, this role designs, develops, tests, debugs and implements moderately complex systems components, software tools, applications and utilities, seeking help and definition as needed. work is varied and may be somewhat difficult in character, but usually involves limited responsibility.  makes moderately complex modifications to existing software to fit specialized needs and configurations, and maintains program libraries and technical documentation. assists in planning, scheduling and implementation. initiates corrective action to stay on schedule.

job responsibilities 
 

 communicates primarily with immediate supervisor.  responsible for daily communication regarding status of all assigned tasks.  develops accurate task definition, estimates and task schedules for own assignments.  responsible for maintenance of problem logs (issue logs). 
 produces programs from detailed, written specifications in accordance with established procedures, following departmental standards, guidelines and system development methodologies on all assigned tasks.
participates in coding of new programs, creating new data structures, physical data record/file design, creating new job streams, and modifying existing programs, data structures, and job streams.  
participates in the development of test cases and test plans, and conducts unit and system tests for new or modified programs and/or job streams.
submits program and design work for review by technical and user staff and participates in the review of program and design work of others.  
assists in documenting new programs and changes to existing programs using department artifact standards, methodologies, and source code control.
participates in resolution of day-to-day problems within the business segment.

 
 
 



minimum requirements 

 

bachelor’s degree in computer science, a related discipline preferred.
preferred 0-2 years relevant work experience preferred.
 must have strong computer skills and be proficient in use of microsoft office applications.
has basic knowledge of programming languages, tools, dbms, and utilities.
possesses fundamental knowledge of program design, coding, testing and documentation.
has a basic concept of business functions.  knows fundamental concepts, practices and procedures of a particular field of specialization.



physical requirements

some travel may be required.
most work is performed in a temperature-controlled office environment.
incumbent may sit for long periods of time at desk or computer terminal.
incumbent may use calculators, keyboards, telephone and other office equipment in the course of normal workday.
stooping, bending, twisting and reaching may be required in completion of job duties.

 





 


apply now













back to results

 

save this job
refer this job


apply now












copyright © 2000 - 2017 by kronos incorporated. 


	 
	all rights reserved.
	


	 |  privacy policy


u. s. patents 7,080,057; 7,310,626; 7,558,767; 7,562,059; 7,472,097; 7,606,778; 8,086,558 and 8,046,251.
	


















