




engineer 2, software - arms business solutions - st. louis, mo description at enterprise holdings
























skip navigation





menu



athlete network
facebook
twitter
linkedin
youtube
instagram
blog


united states


canada


canada - français




keyword search







our company

about us
our values
our people
working here
history
rewards & benefits
training & development
news & awards



opportunities

management trainee
accounting & finance
automotive & transportation
corporate & administrative
customer service
it
rental operations
sales



students

internships
entry-level professionals



military


find us

events
recruiters



search jobs

how to apply
search jobs












this is where it all starts.


search jobs


keywords



location



radius
radius
5 miles
15 miles
25 miles
35 miles
50 miles



search








apply



share

facebook
twitter
linkedin
email




engineer 2, software - arms business solutions - st. louis, mo
job id 227987 

location
           st. louis - mo - us

description
equal opportunity employer/disability/veterans arms business solutions is a web-based vendor providing services and software solutions to insurance companies, vehicle manufacturers, fleets and collision repair centers.  our mission is simple: to bring all stakeholders in the collision repair industry together in a way that benefits everyone.  our web-based software solutions are designed to enhance performance management with complete transparency, concise measurements, and seamless data integration.  we believe in the power of key performance indicators to drive improvement. we’re looking for an ambitious and talented career-minded professional who would like to make a difference utilizing their skill set, while working in a thriving agile-methodology environment. we offer competitive career opportunities, great benefits and promote a work-life balance.

responsibilities
as an engineer 2, software you will be responsible for using your technical knowledge of professional concepts to solve business problems.  we are looking for a talented individual that can serve as a subject matter expert in their area of focus and represent their department on complex assignments.  you will be responsible for evaluating elements of technology’s effectiveness through requirements gathering, testing, research and investigation and make recommendations for improvements that result in increased quality and effectiveness.  you will be required to listen to and evaluate customer needs to determine and provide high quality solutions that align with customer expectations.  as an engineer 2, software you will be responsible for leading the development of applications to solve business, engineering, and scientific problems as well as the documentation and development of well-defined methods, procedures, and programs in the delivery of practical systems solutions. you should have experience with hands-on development. this includes detailed software design, developing code with unit tests and refactoring to implement the design, correcting flaws based on requirements testing, and integrating the applications. the engineer 2 will innovate and collaborate on technological strategies working with a team of experienced product owners, architects, leads, developers and business resources to build highly-performing enterprise systems that improve business outcomes and increase staff productivity and financial performance. you will participate in daily stand-up meetings, planning meetings and review sessions (using scrum/agile like methodology).  you must be able to understand the business operations and processes on assigned projects. 

qualifications
required:must be presently authorized to work in the u.s. without a requirement for work authorization sponsorship by our company for this position now or in the future3+ years of java development experienceproven experience with web services (rest, json, ajax, and xml)proven experience using frameworks such as spring and hibernateproven experience creating and implementing sqlstrong knowledge of web 2.0 development in model, view and controller with a focus in javamust possess a strong understanding of object oriented design principles and patternspersuasive, collaborative business acumen with the ability to drive business partners strategicallystrong communication skills both written and verbaleffective analytical, problem-solving and decision-making skillsresiliency in the face of changing priorities and requirementsexcellent time management and prioritization skillshigh energy and personal drivemust be committed to incorporating security into all decisions and daily job responsibilitiespreferred:bachelor's degree in computer science, computer information systems, management information systems, or related field preferredexperience writing java servlets, and custom jsps using java 7 or 8familiarity with utilizing and implementing the atlassian suite (jira, bamboo, clover, stash)experience to open source frameworks and tools such as ant, maven, jenkins, sonarqube, jquery is highly desiredexperience with source control management such as gitexperience in web development with html5, css3, typescript and javascriptfamiliarity with angular & nodejs or related javascript librariesfamiliarity using a variety of agile practices, including: stand-ups, pairing, continuous integration, continuous delivery, retrospectives and whole-team approachexperience with mac os



apply



share

facebook
twitter
linkedin
email





 

job alerts

first namelast nameemail addressinterested insearch for a category, location, or category/location pair, select a term from the suggestions, and click "add".categorylocationaddremove

confirm email











▶▶▶▶▶
the skills from your service will be the strengths in your new mission.
veterans and transitioning military


contact a recruiter
connect with one of our recruiters to ask questions and find the perfect job opportunity in your area. 
 contact a recruiter







©2017 copyright enterprise rent-a-car • eracsm
enterprise holdings/enterprise rent-a-car/alamo rent a car and national car rental seeks and values people of all backgrounds because every employee, customer and business partner is important. enterprise holdings is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity or protected veteran status and will not be discriminated against on the basis of disability. if you have any difficulty using our online system and you need an accommodation due to a disability, you may use this alternative email address to contact us about your interest in employment.

jobsprivacy@ehi.com
e-verify employer 
privacy policy
sitemap













