



















scientific software developer job in west mifflin, pa for naval nuclear laboratory | engineering/science









 





scientific software developer

west mifflin, pa




search other jobs
apply now











search again


job attributes

req code
19512
location
bettis laboratory west mifflin, pa 15122  us
category
engineering/science
type
full-time
career level
experienced (non-manager)
education
bachelor's degree
division
technology
organization
reactor technology
shift type

n/a
date posted
2017-08-18 15:44:19

apply now

share this on












share this on:








home
about us
who we are
media
suppliers
careers





new search
previous search





scientific software developer
west mifflin, pa




job description

senior/principal:

we are hiring scientific software developers with a passion for software development, software engineering, and scientific computing. these individuals will work with teams of engineers, scientists, and system administrators to solve engineering problems on the naval reactors (nr) program's high performance computing (hpc) systems.
primary job responsibilities focus on hpc scientific software stack management. this work includes collaborating with cross-disciplinary teams to develop, deploy, and maintain a variety of hpc scientific software consisting of both external (open-source) and internal computational libraries and engineering utilities. this individual will provide consultation for and facilitate training in various scientific computing disciplines including, but not limited to, compiler operation and optimization, automation (scripting), parallel programming, profiling, and debugging.
this individual will split time with ~75% applied to support the development and deployment of production engineering applications and ~25% applied to research and develop new processes, methods, and algorithms in scientific computing for the nr program's supercomputers, especially targeting middleware and hardware changes. overall, this work focuses on parallel algorithms and numerical methods applied to nuclear reactor physics, fluid dynamics / thermal-hydraulics, solid mechanics / materials science, and data science in support of the design and analysis of naval nuclear propulsion plants.

job requirements

passionate about scientific computing. proficiency developing code with both compiled (e.g., c, c++, fortran) and interpreted (e.g., python, bash) languages. good knowledge of the linux operating system. knowledge of numerical methods and algorithms. ability to work effectively across multiple projects simultaneously. capacity to work independently as well as in interdisciplinary teams with minimal supervision. outstanding written and verbal communication skills.
senior:
bs degree in a computational science discipline, mathematics, computer science, and/or a related field in the physical sciences or engineering from an accredited college or university and a minimum of six years of relevant experience; or
ms degree in a computational science discipline, mathematics, computer science, and/or a related field in the physical sciences or engineering from an accredited college or university and a minimum of four years of relevant experience; or
phd degree in a computational science discipline, mathematics, computer science, and/or a related field in the physical sciences or engineering from an accredited college or university
principal:
bs degree in a computational science discipline, mathematics, computer science, and/or a related field in the physical sciences or engineering from an accredited college or university and a minimum of nine years of relevant experience; or
ms degree in a computational science discipline, mathematics, computer science, and/or a related field in the physical sciences or engineering from an accredited college or university and a minimum of seven years of relevant experience; or
phd degree in a computational science discipline, mathematics, computer science, and/or a related field in the physical sciences or engineering from an accredited college or university and a minimum of three years of relevant experience.
job preferred skills

proficient in developing and running parallel applications.
proficient in developing, using, or maintaining any of the following scientific software libraries and utilities: mpi libraries (e.g., intel mpi and openmpi); mathematical libraries (e.g., trilinos, petsc, hypre, superlu, and intelmkl); parallel i/o (e.g., hdf5, lustre); statistical software (e.g., r, dakota), debuggers (e.g., totalview); and profilers (e.g., intel vtune amplifier).
proficient with linux operating systems, version control software, source code build systems (e.g., gnu make, cmake, autotools), scripting languages, or compilers.
experience with software quality assurance, software architectures, and software development tool chains.
experience leading or contributing to multiple developer software projects.



apply now








sitemap
home
about us
who we are
media
suppliers
careers
contact us


follow us







career opportunities
administrative (2)business support (3)contracts (7)craft workers (2)engineering/science (78)facilities (1)human resources (3)information technology (22)management (3)project management (5)publications and graphic arts (1)technicians (11) 




				all candidates must be u.s. citizens. applicants selected will be subject to a federal background investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified matter.
what to expect when being processed for a doe security clearance | departmental personnel security faqs
				
				bechtel marine propulsion corporation is an equal opportunity employer and is committed to workforce diversity.
				click here to view the poster, eeo is the law and its supplement.
			

supporting the nation since 1946
© 2017 naval nuclear laboratory









