









career opportunities | career opportunities















        for full functionality of this page it is necessary to enable javascript. 
        here are the 
        instructions how to enable javascript in your web browser



statistical analyst iii | career opportunities page has loaded. 

statistical analyst iii | career opportunities page has loaded. 








  click here or press any key to continue.






                        we updated our privacy policy and terms of use, effective december 12, 2017. view privacy policy and terms of use

×















menu







                close menu
            










                        career opportunities
                    




 




harris county home
                                        



human resources
                                        



career opportunities
                                        



promotional opportunities
                                        



testing
                                        



job interest cards
                                        



help & support
                            



legal & privacy
                            




social




facebook










career opportunities




sign in












                don't have an account?
                create one.
            

                already have an account?
                sign in.
            








username
















                applications
                





                inbox
                





                profile
            




                account
            




                sign out
                after clicking on this link you will be logged out and the page will be reloaded.










welcome!
thanks for creating an account.













career opportunities




powered by
neogov
®












                statistical analyst iii
            



print









                    apply
                







statistical analyst iii





                            salary
                            




$4,599.02 monthly





                        location
                        




houston, tx






job type


regular full-time




department


harris county sheriff's office






job number


02528









closing



                12/15/2017 11:59 pm central
            






description


benefits


questions






position description
under general supervision, the statistical analyst iii will design and manage the collection, organization, interpretation and summary of data to provided usable statistical information. the incumbent will help facilitate the flow of information between divisions as well as from the agency's executive staff to the various law enforcement and law enforcement support divisions within the harris county sheriff's office.duties and responsibilities: provides statistical and technical analysis and additional services in various areas to identify emerging organizational problems and community problems. gathers, analyzes and validates information from various sources, such as law enforcement databases, and prepares comprehensive written reports, presentations, maps, or charts based on research, collection, and analysis of intelligence data. collaborates with representatives from other government and intelligence organizations to share information or coordinate intelligence activities and share related statistical data. develops statistical data and reports to assist in the examination of divisional effectiveness and overall performance to increase unit command/management accountability. performs analysis and develops reporting of statistical data to assist in the follow up on prior decisions and commitments to improve divisional/ bureau performance. performs statistical analysis and identification of series related crimes including burglaries, motor vehicle thefts and robberies. establishes what trends may exist to assist in the deployment of agency assets and budgetary decisions. performs other duties as assigned.
requirements
 master's degree in statistics, applied math or related scientific discipline; and a minimum of one (1) year of experience working as a statistician in a statistical data development and reporting role; or  bachelor's degree in statistics, applied math or related scientific discipline; and a minimum of three (3) years of experience working as a statistician in a statistical data development and reporting role; or  high school diploma or g.e.d. equivalent; and a minimum of seven (7) years of experience working as a statistician in a statistical data development and reporting role.                   additional requirements: a minimum of one (1) year of crime analysis experience. knowledge of compare statistics (compstat) within a military or law enforcement agency. excellent quantitative skills and attention to detail. strong communication skills – both written and verbal. ability to design, use, and maintain databases and software applications, such as geographic information systems (gis) mapping and artificial intelligence tools. ability to utilize a variety of data bases and computer programs to generate maps, hotspots, reports and statistical and tactical information. ability to mentor and train new analysts on analytical techniques and agency policies and procedures. ability to utilize critical thinking skills, inductive reasoning, and deductive reasoning to identify gaps in information and recommendations, assess source and information reliability and validity. ability to apply general rules to specific problems to produce meaningful and accurate solutions, and apply various analytical techniques. ability to work overtime and/or varying duty hours as deemed necessary.note: to qualify for this position, required experience, education and skills must be clearly stated on your application's employment history.  resumes are welcome, but we do not use any information provided on your resume to qualify and refer you to the hiring department for consideration.  experience obtained while on the military must also be included as part of your employment history on the application.
preferences
 prior work experience in a compstat related position within the military or law enforcement agency.
general information
hours:   monday - friday / 8:00 a.m. - 5:00 p.m.salary: based on 26 pay periodspreference will be given to current harris county sheriff's office employees that have the requisite experience.harris county sheriff's office employees are exposed to confidential and law enforcement sensitive information. a thorough background investigation is required to properly evaluate the suitability of applicants for employment. it is essential that you provide accurate information in all aspects of the process. the process will end for applicants who fail to provide truthful information. due to a high volume of applications positions may close prior to the advertised closing date.




benefitsharris county offers a competitive benefits program, including comprehensive group health and related benefits plan as well as defined benefit retirement plan. the following list of benefits is offered only to employees in regular (full-time) positions: medical  dental  vision  wellness  life insurance  long-term disability  employee assistance program  10 days of vacation each year for the first five (5) years of service. accrual rates increase based on years of service.  10 county holidays plus one (1) floating holiday  professional development opportunities  dependent care reimbursement plan  healthcare reimbursement account 457 deferred compensation planthe following benefits are also available to regular (full-time) employment and may be available to part-time employees: retirement pension (tcdrs)  flexible schedules (varies by department)  transportation assistance (metro ridesponsor program)in accordance with the harris county personnel regulations, group health and related benefits are subject to amendment or discontinuance at any time. commissioners court reserves the right to make benefit modifications on the county’s behalf as needed.for plan details, visit the harris county benefits website: http://www.harriscountytx.gov/hrrm/employeebenefits.aspx







01


which of the following best describes your education as it relates to this position?

high school diploma or g.e.d. equivalent
bachelor's degree in statistics, applied math or related scientific discipline
bachelor's degree in an unrelated field
master's degree or higher in statistics, applied math or related scientific discipline
master's degree or higher in an unrelated field
none of the above





02


please describe your educational background including level of education, area of study, completed major and minor programs, certificates, etc.






03


which of the following best describes your verifiable experience working as a statistician in a statistical data development and reporting role? 

(to be considered, qualifying experience must be documented on your application's employment history.)


(to be considered, qualifying experience must be documented on your application's employment history.)

less than one year
one year or more, but less than two
two years or more, but less than three
three years or more, but less than four
four years or more, but less than five
five years or more, but less than six
six years or more, but less than seven
seven or more years
no experience





04


do you possess prior work experience in a compstat related position within the military or law enforcement agency?

yes
no





05


please describe your experience and type of work performed as it relates to this position. 

you can make reference to your employment history, but do not use "see resume", as we do not use resumes for qualifications. 

if you do not have this experience, please type "none" in the space provided.






06


which of the following software programs have you used proficiently during your previous employment? please select all that apply.

statistical analysis system (sas)
sql server integration services (ssis)
sql server reporting services (ssrs)
structured query language (sql)
c#
java
python
geographic information systems (gis)
none of the above




 required question
                        







agency
harris county




address


                        1310 prairie street, ste. 170


                        houston, texas, 77002.
                    





phone

713-274-5445                        





website


                        https://www.governmentjobs.com/careers/harriscountytx
                    




 


                    apply
                



            your browser does not support the iframe feature, which is required by this web page.
        










                    career opportunities
                



                    account
                




copyright © 2017












career opportunities


career opportunities










                support
            






sign in form is opened
job application


job details



applying as:

|

                    support
                




                close
            












                close
            







































