


mercy careers | mercy |senior data analyst













































please enable cookies to continue
please enable cookies in your browser to experience all the personalized features of this site, including the ability to apply for a job.





returning candidate?

log back in!





senior data analyst



senior data analyst




requisition id 

2017-753502




category 
information technology





position type 

full time




shift(s) 
days





department 

reporting-data management




location 
us-mo-saint louis







more information about this job




overview







 we’re a little different our mission is clear. we bring to life a healing ministry through our compassionate care and exceptional service.   we don’t believe in jobs at mercy, we believe in careers that match the unique gifts of unique individuals; careers that not only make the most of your skills and talents, but also your heart. at mercy, you’ll feel our supportive community every step of your day, especially the tough ones. we’re a team and love working that way. that team is expanding, and we currently have exceptional opportunities to help our communities grow. 







responsibilities and qualifications







establishes database management systems, standards, guidelines and quality assurance for database deliverables, such as conceptual design, logical database, capacity planning, external data interface specification, data loading plan, data maintenance plan and security policy. documents and communicates database design evaluates and installs database management systems. codes complex programs and derives logical processes on technical platforms. builds windows, screens and reports. assists in the design of user interface and business application prototypes participates in quality assurance and develops test application code in client server environment provides expertise in devising, negotiating and defending the tables and fields provided in the database adapts business requirements, developed by modeling/development staff and systems engineers, and develops the data, database specifications, and table and element attributes for an application. because you’re committed to excellence, you understand the importance of being properly prepared for your role at mercy. that’s why you’ll bring to your role the right set of qualifications: education: bachelor's degree in related field, specialized training, or equivalent work experience additional requirements: experience in database report writing experience with bi/dw products including etl tools, bi products, and relational databases experience with kimball approaches and bi installation/configuration approaches experience: five (5) years of relevant technical or business work prefer: epic- clarity knowledge, business objects experience,sql experience requiredwe’ll support you at work and home our foundations are built on dignity and respect. modern healthcare magazine named us as a “top 100 places to work.” we go out of our way to help people feel welcomed. we offer day-one comprehensive health, vision and dental coverage, pto, and employer-matched retirement funds, even to part-time employees. we’re proud to provide tuition reimbursement to help you grow and learn new skills. what makes a good match for mercy compassion and professionalism go hand-in-hand with us, along with exceptional quality care. having a positive outlook and a strong sense of advocacy is in perfect step with our mission and vision. we’re also collaborative and are not afraid to do a little extra to deliver excellent care – that’s just part of our commitment. if that sounds like a fit for you as well, we encourage you to apply.







keywords







epic- clarity knowledge preferredbusiness objects experience preferredsql experience required





options

apply for this jobapplyshareemail this job to a friendrefer



share on your newsfeed




connect with mercy




what if i am not ready to apply? submit your resume here  and be considered for future opportunities!








go back to the welcome page

application faqssoftware powered by icimswww.icims.com









