


careers center - credit risk research analyst












































please enable cookies to continue
please enable cookies in your browser to experience all the personalized features of this site, including the ability to apply for a job.







welcome page







returning candidate?

log back in!












credit risk research analyst




job id

2017-110180



site name


tx-houston-houston tower


category

corporate risk



work location


us-tx-houston


flsa status

exempt


type

full time


eoe statement

equal opportunity employer - minority/female/disability/veterans.









overview 






at bbva, we are working to make banking better for everyone. that is where you come in. we are looking for smart, team oriented people who want to be part of a first-class workforce that gives people the tools they need to meet their financial goals, all while delivering an outstanding client experience. learn more below.








responsibilities






purpose:  credit risk research is a part of global risk management group. the team focuses on projects that are outside of the bank’s traditional risk focus. we are responsible for new business strategies within risk, due diligence on line of business requests that require special attention due to the lack of experience with the type of project within the bank, and internal customer research to improve the retail risk strategies by bringing in data traditionally not used in the credit decisioning.this individual will focus on developing and optimizing analytically driven credit risk strategies for retail portfolios, with a focus on customer level relationship lending.  the individual will also identify and integrate new data, scores, tools and solutions to optimize.  and also to undertake complex analytics to support key strategic initiatives for growth, innovation or risk mitigation.     specific responsibilities:develop and optimize credit risk strategies, with a specialization on customer level relationship lending - using analytical techniques and statistical analysis to meet pre-defined goalsbuild credit risk strategies for originations, account management and collectionsenhance strategies to maximize the population of preapproved customersdevelop risk based pricing models and strategies to meet roe targetsintegrate new data sources and solutions into credit risk strategiesdevelop a program to track expected versus actual behavioral and performance measures for appropriate portfolios, populations, and segmentation end-nodesenhance the analytic framework for credit decisioning and pricingdevelop new quantitatively driven challenger strategies and pilot programs across the customer lifecycledevelop and present analysis results and recommendations to senior leaders








qualifications






required experience and skills: minimum of a master’s degree in a quantitative disciplineminimum 2+ years’ experience in credit risk modeling/analytics, credit risk portfolio management, or credit risk strategy development. minimum 2+ years’ experience developing data driven strategies for a retail bank proficient in base sas & enterprise minerexposure to risk strategies for originations, account management and collectionsexcellent communication, interpersonal and organization skillsexperience working as part of a cross functional teamdemonstrated analytical and problem solving skillspython, sql developer, r skills are a plus.





options

apply for this job onlineapplysharerefer this job to a friendrefer


sorry the share function is not working properly at this moment. please refresh the page and try again later.

share on your newsfeed




connect with us!




not ready to apply? connect with us for general consideration.






email or share this job on your social network!







|
more





application faqsapplicant tracking softwarewww.icims.com









