


careers | b a l | berry appleman & leiden llp |research analyst   bal071














































please enable cookies to continue
please enable cookies in your browser to experience all the personalized features of this site, including the ability to apply for a job.







welcome page







returning candidate?

log back in!












research analyst   bal071


job locations

us-tx-houston

posted date

7 days ago



id

2017-1699


# of openings

1


category

legal









overview






  berry appleman and leiden's (bal's) dedicated professionals share core values that support our mission to be the world’s most trusted resource for corporate immigration services. these values enable us to navigate every step of the immigration process and rapidly resolve even the most complex cases. the collegial environment is one that we cherish and work hard to maintain. to do that, we look for bright talent to deepen our experience and continue to deliver the exceptional service that our clients have come to expect. you too can join our mission! overview:  the research analyst will work with the manager of global content to support bal gci services across all u.s. and international offices. create and maintain content for the globalchek plus system. 








responsibilities






 primary responsibilities (under the supervision of the manager, global content…):               handle writing and editing assignments. successfully manage and execute large amounts of analysis work with high attention to detail. write and edit, at a professional level, in english, for publication.complete gcp system input. create outputs and load them into the backend so that clients receive correct visa requirements, customized for each company.complete initial country research for gcp. find global visa requirements and create spreadsheets.implement updates or client requests.under the supervision of the manager, correspond with network partners. confirm or correct visa requirements.monitor query history and edit output.complete system testing.update content in content management systems. 








qualifications






 qualifications: skills and abilities: excellent written english skills required.must speak 1+ foreign languages.highly organized and able to multi-task.excellent deductive reasoning skills - must be a great problem solver.advanced critical thinking skills.able to work independently and within strict timelines.able to synthesize large quantities of information into succinct and useful copy.proficient with ms office windows based software. knowledge of visio, html, sharepoint and excel a plus. physical requirements: able to maintain a sedentary position for up to 90% of the work day.able to type and to grasp, grip, push and pull file drawers and doors.able to walk and t climb stairs or use elevator to coordinate with other departments.able to bend, stoop, kneel and/or stand to access files and documents.able to lift up to 25 lbs of files and/or boxes.                                                                                                                                            experience:2+ years professional experience; study abroad or extensive travel experience and/or immigration experience is a plus. minimum education level:bachelor's degree in political science, international relations, or areas studies (i.e., south east asian studies; asian studies, near eastern, etc.), or journalism.  berry appleman & leiden is an equal opportunity employer. it is the policy of bal to ensure an equal employment opportunity without discrimination or harassment on the basis of race, color, national origin, religion, sex (with or without sexual conduct), age, disability, alienage or citizenship status, marital status, creed, genetic predisposition or carrier status, sexual orientation or any other characteristic protected by law. bal prohibits and will not tolerate any such discrimination or harassment. 





options

apply for this job onlineapplyshareemail this job to a friendrefer


sorry the share function is not working properly at this moment. please refresh the page and try again later.

share on your newsfeed





application faqssoftware powered by icimswww.icims.com









