



aicure - jobs: full stack engineer - opportunity to impact patient lives - apply online

























all jobs
→
full stack engineer - opportunity to impact patient lives

full stack engineer - opportunity to impact patient lives
new york, united states

descriptionare you interested in working on challenging computer vision problems and having a real impact on people's lives? read on as this opportunity might be for you..aicure is a vc-funded startup that leverages mobile technology by combining it with artificial intelligence (computer vision, machine learning, big data) to bring better health, better drugs, and better treatment to everyone on the planet. we’re rapidly expanding and if you’re passionate about making a positive impact, we’d like to hear from you.your work will make a significant impact on our products, and you’ll know your work will be used at scale to have significant impact on healthcare for everyone on the planet.when participants in clinical trials, or patients in population health use the aicure apps, information on their medication intake is reported in various dashboard products, which allow stakeholders to gain insights, and to take actions (patient alerts, etc.). for example, our apps use computer vision to identify the patient (using face recognition), verify that patients are taking the right medication (pill recognition), and that they are actually taking their medication (action recognition).key responsibilities design, implement, launch, and maintain highly visible and scalable web applications. analyze and improve efficiency, scalability, and stability of current system. build and improve production monitoring. write unit tests and documentation. write well designed, testable, efficient code by using best software development practices. stay abreast of best trends by researching new tools, as well as enhancing and further developing existing solutions. a passion for performance, debugging, and benchmarking. requirements degree in cs, ee or a related field.  strong foundation in computer science, with strong understanding in data structures, algorithms, design patterns, and oop. ability to write robust front-end code with html, css and javascript frameworks (angular.js, reactjs, etc.). strong experiences with at least one application framework (ror, django, nodejs, and etc.). deep expertise developing rich, interactive, and dynamic frontend ui. excellent communication skills at every level (team, clients, tech team, executives, physicians). excellent time and project management skills. passionate about revolutionizing healthcare and having a positive impact on individuals and everyone on the planet. experiences in mobile application is a plus. experiences with aws services is a plus.   benefitsphilosophyour selection process is highly competitive because we only hire the best, most enthusiastic candidates. openness, flexibility, creativity, ownership, and accountability are our main pillars. we love solving challenging problems and creating solutions that have real impact on people- at scale.impactwe're on a mission to revolutionize healthcare and when you join us, you'll have the opportunity of having real, tangible impact not only on individuals directly using our technology, but also on how drugs are tested and brought to market across the world. that means everyone on the planet will benefit from what you do. you'll be inspired every day because you'll be making a real difference and you'll see it happen. in real time and at scale.peopleyou'll work with brilliant, positive people who thrive in an interdisciplinary, multi-cultural environment, and are curious, creative, and focused on executing our mission. you'll be up to speed in the the most recent advances in artificial intelligence (machine learning, computer vision, big data) while solving challenging problems that must take into account many fascinating aspects of human psychology and behavior. you'll work with scientists, engineers, designers, and medical doctors, to create innovative products that scale in an environment that encourages learning, collaboration, and growth.compensationwe offer great compensation packages that are not only highly competitive, but will allow you to benefit and grow as we expand and scale.health coveragefull (100%) coverage on medical, dental, and vision insurance plans with one of the biggest health insurance companies in the u.s. you'll have plenty of choices for all of your healthcare needs.401kwe offer 401k so you when you retire, you can benefit from all of the great things you do with us.fantastic locationwe're in one of the best and coolest neighborhoods in nyc: in the heart of the trendy flatiron district, which is extremely well connected, and bustling with culture, food, shopping, cafes, and parks to inspire you.officewe have a fantastic open loft-space with brand new, state of the art equipment including standing desks, snacks, kitchen, areas for mingling and having a break, and plenty of sunshine. full views of the empire state building included.

apply for this job











aicure website

powered by
workable





