



squarefoot - jobs: full stack engineer - apply online

























all jobs
→
full stack engineer

full stack engineer
new york, united states

descriptionsquarefoot is a next generation online platform that makes commercial real estate leasing easier. our team combines deep industry expertise with innovative web and mobile-enabled technology to provide clients with a best-in-class commercial leasing experience. squarefoot’s new york-based brokerage is a central hub where businesses can search for available space while getting hands-on support from our team and landlords and listing agents have a full suite of tools for managing properties online.  our team is committed to providing our customers with better data, convenience, and increased efficiency across the board.the role & yousquarefoot is expanding and we’re keen to add an amazing engineer to the team who’s passionate about changing the commercial real estate space. we’re looking for someone who likes to take things that are complicated and make them simple. you are a software designer who loves to take proactive ownership of things and we’ll love you extra if you have a sense of humor. in this role you’ll have the opportunity to work on a mix of technologies including a rails graphql server, react frontend, swift ios app and ruby data processing libraries, all glued together by aws. collaboration is key here at thesquarefoot and that starts within the product and engineering team working together to conceive and implement ui’s for the web and mobile frontends. tech does not stand alone at squarefoot. you’ll be part of a bigger team of brokers, analysts, and customer service professionals creating technology that will empower a single broker to do the work of four and help tenants secure space in half the time it once took.requirements 3+ years working with at least one of ruby, javascript or ios, preferably in a startup environment strong background building web applications hands-on proficiency with javascript, html/css, git, linux, sql general comfort working in small teams and solo benefitssquarefoot believes in creating a workspace that challenges, empowers, and engages our teams. joining us starts with competitive health coverage, 401(k), pre-tax commuter benefits, shiny apple products when you start, and that’s just the tip of the iceberg!

apply for this job











squarefoot website

powered by
workable





