



frank. - jobs: full stack engineer - apply online





















frank.



all jobs
→
full stack engineer

full stack engineer
new york, united states · engineering

descriptionabout frankfrank's mission is to make quality education affordable to all. we are revolutionizing the way people pay for school by simplifying the financial aid process. our goal is to save hundreds of thousands of students from graduating in hundreds of thousands of dollars of debt – and fix our country's student debt problem. we believe that software will play a key role in our success. we leverage data and design to create new products and features that people need but don't yet have. our first product helps students file fafsa within minutes. our next series of products will help them find the remaining aid – be it through scholarships, grants or loans – in order for americans to reasonably afford the educations they deserve.   engineering at frankwe are looking for strong, passionate engineers to join our nyc core engineering team. we believe our core engineers should be fearless, product-driven generalists, who need end-to-end ownership and want to take charge. we invite you to join a pragmatic, detailed-oriented team, where we help each other grow and collaborate through code reviews, process automation, continuous integration, pair programming and always keeping our ears and minds open for discussion.requirementsmusts can-do attitude: you’re up for any challenge, excited to do whatever it takes to ship great products. great software design: while you’re always open minded, you have strong opinions on what is readable, easy-to-change, production-ready code. real-world full stack experience: you’ve shipped product to real users before, with deep involvement in backend, and at least some front code with your name on it. devops experience: you’ve shipped code on a popular cloud platform (aws, gcp, etc.) and you know your way around linux machines and databases (mysql, etc.). pluses you know more than one language, and javascript is one of them experience with react or angular experience with production-ready scraping code experience using ocr in production experience building a commercial product from scratch experience integrating 3rd party apis (twilio, stripe) experience building secure system to protect sensitive user information experience and love for ci, code reviews, lots of automated testing, pair programming benefitsimpact.  join a vibrant, fast-growing, meritocratic company with no institutional barriers to professional growth. benefits.  frank offers full coverage medical, dental, vision, and subsidized commuter benefits.pay.  competitive salaries and meaningful equity.perks.  sleek apple products, fully stocked kitchen, happy hours, awesome company events. 

apply for this job











frank. website

powered by
workable





