
senior backend engineer job - hypr corp. - new york, ny | indeed.com






















skip to job description, searchclose









find jobscompany reviewsfind salariesfind resumesemployers / post job







upload your resume


sign in







:







what
where





advanced job search


 

 



 



job title, keywords or company


city, state, or zip












senior backend engineer

hypr corp.
     -
new york, ny


                $110,000 - $140,000 a year



as an experienced backend at hypr, your role will combine two of the hottest trends in technology: decentralized security and biometrics. your seasoned engineering skill will enable you to specialize or operate cross-functionally to meet fast paced challenges with improving our core platform along with working on customer-facing deployments on behalf of millions of users.hypr works primarily with fortune 500 customers who deploy our solutions to both internal employee users, partners and end consumers.the regular employment position is available immediately at hypr’s new york city hq. occasional travel flexibility, such as to client sites or meetings, is expected. there is no option to work remotely or as an independent contractor.compensation is competitive at $110k – $140k with an 0.085% – 0.175% equity stake.required skills: - computer science background with 5+ years of hands–on experience developing back-end software using java/j2ee and rest based web services.- experience with microservices and springboot with services that scale across locations.- expert in implementing business critical, high volume, and highly available web-based applications is a must.- hands-on experience with test driven development and testing tools such as junit.- experience deploying *nix based servers and web containers such as apache tomcat, jboss, etc.- working knowledge of git and basic ci tools. - great communication skills. - experience working with agile teams.preferred skills : - html5, css3, javascript, websockets. - experience with databases such as mysql, postgres, and jdbc in general.job type: full-timesalary: $110,000.00 to $140,000.00 /yearjob location:new york, nyrequired education:bachelor'srequired experience:hands–on: 5 yearsrequired language:english

30+ days ago   -  save job









» apply now

            please review all application instructions before applying to hypr corp..






other jobs you may like


director of back-end engineering

artivest -
					new york, ny
21 hours ago

 easily apply



vice president, software development

fxcompared -
					new york, ny
4 days ago

 easily apply



backend engineer, fraud detection

oracle -
					new york, ny
6 days ago


backend engineer

jfr staffing -
					new york, ny
21 days ago


senior backend engineer

reserve -
					new york, ny
7 days ago

 easily apply






 









                        hypr corp.


                hypr enables fortune 500 enterprises to scale decentralized biometric authentication securely across millions of users. enterprises...



let employers find youthousands of employers search for candidates on indeedupload your resume










about - help center


©2017 indeed - cookies, privacy and terms



let employers find you  upload your resume










