













 bank of america job - java developer - prime brokerage , new york, ny, united states













skip to main content
menu





navigation

home 
our company

our business


working here

culture, inclusion, people
military & veterans
benefits & advantages
career development & learning
recruitment tips


locations
career areas

search jobs
events
applicants with disabilities

united states
change location

argentina
australia
bahamas
bahrain
belgium
brazil
canada
cayman islands
chile
china
colombia
costa rica 
france
germany
greece
hong kong
india
indonesia
ireland
isle of man
israel
italy
japan
jersey
lebanon
luxembourg
malaysia
mexico
monaco
netherlands
norway
panama
peru
philippines 
poland
portugal
russia
saudi arabia
singapore
south africa
south korea
spain
sweden
switzerland
taiwan 
thailand
turkey
united arab emirates
united kingdom
united states
uruguay
venezuela







search jobs





java developer - prime brokerage
new york, ny, united states
job number: 17070928
back to job search results


apply now for this job >



job description

job description:java developer requires a bachelor's degree in a related area and 8+ years of experience in the field. experience in financial industry is highly desirable but not must.at least 8 years experience in role as a java programmer, preferably on large application systems, with strict separation between development and production environments. the responsibilities include gathering requirements, working with business analysts, production support and developing new functionality, as well as keeping the applications up and running in high-availability production environment. very experienced in java based technology and architecture, specification, design, implementation, quality assurance, and deployment.technical skills:8+ years solid experience in core java.understanding of messaging processing with jms/mq. solid experience with xml, xslt, rest, ws.3+ years working with rdbms, oracle 11g or 12c preferred. proven experience in database technology including ddl development, stored procedures, functions and triggers.2+ years in j2ee development. working experience with application servers, weblogic 12c preferred.excellent knowledge of design patterns and ood in general.knowledge of svn/git, eclipse/idea, ant/maven, jenkins/sonar.knowledge of scripting languages, unix shellsbusiness skills:understanding of a concept for major financial products.experience with equity and fixed income applications. knowledge of equity trade processing and settlements.desirable previous experience working with financial services company within production environment, involving support and development.be able to work with large existing commercial code bases, providing code integration and developing new modules for the vendor products.has to be willing to learn a new technologies and applications.ability to complete complex analysis, design, and programming projects in a timely manner.organizational skills sufficient to work efficiently and accurately in an atmosphere of constantly changing business priorities.


posting date: 10/18/2017 
location: new york, ny, 222 broadway (ny3222),  - united states 

travel: no 


full / part-time: full time 
hours per week: 40 
shift: 1st shift  




already have a candidate profile? log in to access and update your current profile to access and update your current profile.  
assistance for applicants with disabilities
bank of america is committed to ensuring that our online application process provides an equal employment opportunity to all job seekers, including individuals with disabilities. if you believe you need a reasonable accommodation in order to search for a job opening or to submit an application, please visit the applicants with disabilities page. 
diversity & inclusion
at bank of america, our commitment to diversity and inclusion is helping us to create not only a great place to work, but also an environment where our employees, our customers and our communities around the world can reach their goals and connect with each other. all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. 
frequently asked questions 
need to know how to apply online, view a list of your submitted job applications or reset your password? visit our faq section for answers to these questions and more.

bank of america employees
bank of america employees should access the internal jobs database.






return to top


faq | 
events | 
campus | 
about us | 
returning job seekers | 
pay transparency | 
privacy policy | 
eeo statement | 
site map 


© bank of america, n.a. member fdic. equal housing lender. © 2014 bank of america corporation. all rights reserved.

follow us:

go to twitter page

twitter page :  bofa_careers
twitter page :  ml_careers


go to facebook page
go to linkedin page

linkedin page :  bank of america
linkedin page :  merrill lynch 






life's better when we're connected 








thanks for your interest in this job
we're updating our website and regret that we cannot accept your job application right now. please try again after 1 a.m. gmt monday, 12 december. 
thank you for your patience!
life’s better when we’re connected ®











