



job application for backend engineer at kinnek
























          apply now
        
backend engineer

        at kinnek
      

        kinnek hq, nyc
      


google maps
kinnek is the champion for small businesses. our mission is to build a single platform for small businesses that makes discovering, transacting and interacting with suppliers more powerful, more trustworthy and easier than ever before. 
kinnek is looking for experienced, talented, and hungry engineers who are looking to build something truly great. we are an engineering-focused startup: both of our founders are engineers and the majority of our team are developers. we've built a huge amount of infrastructure to get us to this point, but with the diverse and complex set of problems in our space, there will never be a shortage of exciting new products, features, and systems for us to build. we have a uniquely flat in hierarchy and you will likely have more autonomy over your own code than you are typically used to.
 
responsibilities:

collaborating closely with our business team and front-end engineers to build new products, features, and services for our platform, as well as iterating on existing ones. 
making sure kinnek is fully-equipped to handle our rapidly growing marketplace and user base. this includes everything from improving the speed and reliability of parts of our site to helping us make huge technology decisions that will have long-lasting effects on where our platform can go.
analyzing our massive amounts of data to develop ways of improving the kinnek user experience as well as building admin-facing analytical tools that make other teams at kinnek tick.

 
qualifications:

required: 4+ years as a developer and 3+ years using python
required: designing, building, testing, and maintaining large-scale software applications like it ain't no thang;
highly preferred: django or a similar server-side mvc web framework; sql
optional bonus: aws, google app engine, or similar cloud platforms; background in quantitative research / data science;

 
competencies:

action oriented
innovative 
intellectual horsepower
perspective








apply for this job

* required
        











(optional)

almost there! review your information then click 'submit application' to apply.



first name *



last name *



email *



phone *




              location (city)
                *




resume/cv *


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 














cover letter


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 

















linkedin profile
    





website
    





how did you hear about this job? *












 



share this job:    













powered by 

 
      read our privacy policy
















