



job application for backend engineer  at venmo






















          apply now
        
backend engineer 

        at venmo
      
(view all jobs)

        new york, ny, san francisco, ca
      


about us
we all love what we do, and we all love doing it together, because we demand the best people to make the best venmo.
venmo was founded on the principles of breaking down the foreboding walls of financial transactions to make them intuitive and even fun with friends. and it worked, people love sending money with venmo.
but we’re not done. we want to take that magic of sending money with venmo and cascade it into every place you use your money. we want to connect the people of the world with their money, in an intuitive way, then connect them with each other in a genuine way. 
all that’s going to take a lot of figuring out. let’s figure it out together.
engineering at venmo
at venmo, we are creating a product that people love. we strive to create a delightful user experience while connecting the world and empowering people through payments.  we are looking for intellectually curious people who want to be inspired and inspire others to change the world.
engineering is a craft, and at venmo we want the internals of our software to be as elegant as the end user experience we are designing.  we spend our days scaling our infrastructure and building new features to meet and exceed our user’s needs and wants. we teach and learn from one another, and push each other to be at our creative and analytical bests.
backend engineer:
as a backend engineer at venmo you will be responsible for making engineering design decisions and developing features pertaining to the backend. you will also be expected to be a role model on coding standards, tools, platforms and other best practices for the backend team. specific responsibilities include:
things you'll do as a backend engineer at venmo:

leading the design and development of backend features and components
collaborating with other engineers in api design and development
scaling the backend architecture and codebase to support growth while keeping the venmo service fast and reliable
reducing the level of technical debt of the backend codebase
help triage bugs, track software defects, and ensure their timely resolution
stewarding technical standards and quality
interface with product and other functional teams and their leadership

what we are looking for:

bachelors and/or masters in computer science or related field of study
3+ years experience in software development or a related field
experience working on backend systems at scale, using technologies like mysql, django, mongodb, python, java, etc.
experience building and deploying complex but well architected, maintainable, and testable application backends
experience with error logging and performance tools such (sentry, new relic, etc.)
strong object-oriented programming skills
strong communication skills with the ability to understand and explain technical issues to a non-technical audience

we know the confidence gap and imposter syndrome can get in the way of meeting spectacular candidates. please don't hesitate to apply.







apply for this job

* required
        


first name *



last name *



email *



phone *




              location (city)
                *




resume/cv *


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 














cover letter


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 

















linkedin profile
    





website
    





how did you hear about this job? *








u.s. equal opportunity employment information (completion is voluntary)


  individuals seeking employment at venmo are considered without regards
  to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical
  or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation. you are
  being given the opportunity to provide the following information in order to help us
  comply with federal and state equal employment opportunity/affirmative action record
  keeping, reporting, and other legal requirements.


  completion of the form is entirely voluntary. whatever your decision,
  it will not be considered in the hiring process or thereafter. any information that you
  do provide will be recorded and maintained in a confidential file.


gender
please selectmale
female
decline to self identify


are you hispanic/latino?
please selectyes
no
decline to self identify


please identify your race
please selectamerican indian or alaskan native
asian
black or african american
hispanic or latino
white
native hawaiian or other pacific islander
two or more races
decline to self identify


      race & ethnicity definitions


  if you believe you belong to any of the categories of protected veterans listed below,
  please indicate by making the appropriate selection.  as a government contractor
  subject to vietnam era veterans readjustment assistance act (vevraa), we request this
  information in order to measure the effectiveness of the outreach and positive
  recruitment efforts we undertake pursuant to vevraa. classification of protected
  categories is as follows:


  a "disabled veteran" is one of the following: a veteran of the u.s. military, ground,
  naval or air service who is entitled to compensation (or who but for the receipt of
  military retired pay would be entitled to compensation) under laws administered by the
  secretary of veterans affairs; or a person who was discharged or released from active
  duty because of a service-connected disability.


  a "recently separated veteran" means any veteran during the three-year period beginning
  on the date of such veteran's discharge or release from active duty in the u.s.
  military, ground, naval, or air service.


  an "active duty wartime or campaign badge veteran" means a veteran who served on active
  duty in the u.s. military, ground, naval or air service during a war, or in a campaign
  or expedition for which a campaign badge has been authorized under the laws
  administered by the department of defense.


  an "armed forces service medal veteran" means a veteran who, while serving on active
  duty in the u.s. military, ground, naval or air service, participated in a united
  states military operation for which an armed forces service medal was awarded pursuant
  to executive order 12985.


veteran status
please selecti am not a protected veteran
i identify as one or more of the classifications of a protected veteran
i don't wish to answer



form cc-305
omb control number 1250-0005
expires 1/31/2020

voluntary self-identification of disability
why are you being asked to complete this form?

  because we do business with the government, we must reach out to, hire, and provide
  equal opportunity to qualified people with disabilities1.  to help us
  measure how well we are doing, we are asking you to tell us if you have a disability or
  if you ever had a disability.  completing this form is voluntary, but we hope that you
  will choose to fill it out.  if you are applying for a job, any answer you give will be
  kept private and will not be used against you in any way.


  if you already work for us, your answer will not be used against you in any way.
  because a person may become disabled at any time, we are required to ask all of our
  employees to update their information every five years.  you may voluntarily
  self-identify as having a disability on this form without fear of any punishment
  because you did not identify as having a disability earlier.

how do i know if i have a disability?

  you are considered to have a disability if you have a physical or mental impairment or
  medical condition that substantially limits a major life activity, or if you have a
  history or record of such an impairment or medical condition.

disabilities include, but are not limited to:

blindness
deafness
cancer
diabetes
epilepsy
autism
cerebral palsy
hiv/aids
schizophrenia
muscular dystrophy
bipolar disorder
major depression
multiple sclerosis (ms)
missing limbs or partially missing limbs
post-traumatic stress disorder (ptsd)
obsessive compulsive disorder
impairments requiring the use of a wheelchair
intellectual disability (previously called mental retardation)


disability status
please selectyes, i have a disability (or previously had a disability)
no, i don't have a disability
i don't wish to answer

reasonable accommodation notice

  federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified
  individuals with disabilities. please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation
  to apply for a job or to perform your job.  examples of reasonable accommodation
  include making a change to the application process or work procedures, providing
  documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using
  specialized equipment.


1section 503 of the rehabilitation act of 1973, as amended.  for more
  information about this form or the equal employment obligations of federal contractors,
  visit the u.s. department of labor's office of federal contract compliance programs
  (ofccp) website at www.dol.gov/ofccp.


  public burden statement:  according to the paperwork reduction act of 1995 no persons
  are required to respond to a collection of information unless such collection displays
  a valid omb control number. this survey should take about 5 minutes to complete.








 



share this job:    













powered by 

 
      read our privacy policy
















