associate software engineer (integrations) - jibe, inc.jibe, inc.associate software engineer (integrations)technologynew york, nytype: full-time location: new york, nysummary: deliver the jibe platform to an ever-expanding list of fortune 1000 companies and join our mission to transform hiring! jibe was founded in 2009 with the idea that all job-seekers should enjoy a consumer user experience. jibe turns traditional career sites into recruiting engines, delivering exceptional experiences at every touchpoint along the candidate journey. through our easily-integrated platform, we help our clients build larger pipelines of qualified candidates and increase their number of completed applications.   jibe is seeking talented associate software engineers to work on the jibe apply integrations team in washington, d.c. (dupont circle). at jibe, we take great satisfaction in meeting client-specific needs and solving problems other companies deem unsolvable. we believe that software engineering goes beyond learning the rules of a framework, and we are eager to bring on new team members to grow with our team and support our expanded business opportunities.  as an associate software engineer, you’ll work directly with our full time back-end integration engineers to design, develop, maintain and troubleshoot the “glue” that connect jibe’s systems to the erp systems at some of the world’s largest companies.   at this time, jibe, inc. is unable to sponsor or process any employment visas and/or consider individuals on a time-limited visa status. additionally, relocation is not available for this position, either. please note that this position is located in our office washington, d.c. those affected by this do not need to apply.responsibilities: work with our integrations engineers to help design, develop, deploy and maintain jibe apply integrations with various hr software platformswork with cross-functional development teams to roll out new software releaseswork extensively with web service apis and automation toolsrequirements: 4 year degree in computer science or related field or equivalent experience2-3 years professional software development experience, in a deployed production environmentexpert level proficiency with at least one programming language, preferably ruby knowledge of object oriented programming principles and patterns and open source technologiesexperience with the unix command lineexperience with git/other version control systems (svn,cvs,mercurial,etc) experience with relational or nonrelational databasesfamiliarity with web service apis (soap and rest) willingness to travel to new york city office desired qualifications: experience with transforming data streams from remote systems to support integration effortsexperience with ruby, mongo and redisexperience with browser-based automation (capybara, selenium, poltergeist)experience with web scrapingremind me to apply laterclearwant to apply later?type your email address below to receive a reminderemailerrorrequired fieldcancelsend reminderapply to jobfirst nameerrorrequired fieldlast nameerrorrequired fieldemailerrorrequired fieldphone numbererrorwebsiteerrorresumeattachattachclearinsert_drive_filedeletecover letterattachattachclearinsert_drive_filedeletesubmitprivacy.terms