



job application for backend engineer, web (php/lemp) at beeswax





















          apply now
        
backend engineer, web (php/lemp)

        at beeswax
      
(view all jobs)

        new york, ny
      


beeswax, named one of business insider’s “hottest pre-ipo ad tech startups of 2016,” is looking for a backend engineer to build and maintain the rest apis that our customers rely on. our goal is to offer the most extensible set of rest apis to serve the world of advertising technology. you can read more about our rest apis at www.beeswax.com/docs.
our rest api is built on the lemp stack (php, mysql, nginx) and interacts with other services built in python, java, c++ and other technologies throughout our stack.
the beeswax engineering team is a top-notch group with backgrounds from amazon, oracle, google and other premier technical teams. because advertising is extremely high scale (millions of transactions per second), the opportunity to learn about web-scale systems and hard scaling problems is a great advantage of our engineering culture and work.
this position reports to the cto, a long-time senior engineer from google, who was instrumental in the expansion and scaling of gmail, among other milestones.   


responsibilities include:

lead the development of our web services backend
create new features, improve the ones we have, keep our customers happy, and enable our customers to build the most advanced advertising system on top of our rest apis. and do all that with robust, pragmatic code.
use the latest open-source projects and next-gen architectures to produce large-scale web applications.
collaborate with a small, talented team of designers and engineers
architectural and systems design




requirements:


b.s. in computer science
at least three years of post-collegiate professional experience.
strong familiarity with backend rest apis and relational databases, knowledge of php and sql is a strong plus
a desire to be deeply involved in product definition. our engineers are expected to contribute to the direction of their projects.
experience beyond the basic lemp stack architecture
working knowledge of javascript, html and css
smarts, willingness to learn and teach










apply for this job

* required
        


first name *



last name *



email *



phone




              location (city)
                *




resume/cv *


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 














cover letter


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 

















are you authorized to work lawfully in the united states for beeswax? *



--
yes
no


will you now or in the future require beeswax to sponsor an immigration case in order to employ you? *



--
yes
no








 



share this job:    













powered by 

 
      read our privacy policy
















