





staff software engineer, backend – spotify jobs
















































job categories
locations
backstage
students
search jobs













job categories
locations
backstage
students
search jobs













staff software engineer, backend

engineering & it / software engineering in new york, usa 



we are looking for a senior backend engineer to join our team of talented engineers that share a common interest in distributed backend systems, their scalability and continued development.  you will build the backend systems that power our application, scale highly distributed systems, and continuously improve our engineering practices.  above all, your work will impact the way the world experiences music.
what you’ll do

be a technical leader within the team you work with and within spotify in general.
coordinate technical projects across teams within spotify.
facilitate collaboration with other engineers, product owners, and designers to solve interesting and challenging problems for delivering various media worldwide.


be a valued member of an autonomous, cross-functional agile team.
architect, design, develop, deploy and operate java services that serve millions of users in a devops manner.


be a leader of the spotify-wide backend developer community affecting and driving our architecture across the company


hack on what you want during regular hack days and bi-annual hack weeks.
work from our awesome office in new york city where we solve problems in monetization, music recommendations, features for artists, and social networking.

who you are

you are an experienced technical leader.
you have 10+ years of experience in designing and building distributed, high-volume services in java
you are experienced with deploying and operating services on linux.
you have a deep understanding of system design, data structures, and algorithms.
you care about quality and you know what it means to ship high quality code.

we are proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination. we strongly believe that diversity of experience, perspectives, and background will lead to a better environment for our employees and a better product for our users and our creators. this is something we value deeply and we encourage everyone to come be a part of changing the way the world listens to music.




share

						save					







apply now







similar jobs








job
category
location






data engineer



analytics, data & analytics, engineering & it, software engineering 

london, uk 




software development engineer in test qe / sdet



engineering & it, quality assistance, software engineering 

london, uk 




engineering manager – content engine



engineering & it, software engineering 

stockholm, sweden 




front-end / full-stack engineers – revenue



engineering & it, software engineering 

london, uk 











							more jobs						







related content







 

								engineering & it							
see more jobs in engineering & it.





 

								new york							
see more jobs in new york.








spotify
company

about
press
news


communities

for artists
developers
brands


useful links

help
gift
web player








instagram





twitter





facebook





linkedin






legal
cookies


© 2017 spotify ab  |  powered by wordpress.com vip

powered by wordpress.com vip












