





















time warner, inc. - job details












  time warner careers                    company  about us management operating divisions corporate governance corporate responsibility tw investments global media group strategy    investor relations   newsroom  press releases press contacts media & identity materials    blog   careers  working with us areas of operation search for jobs     facebook link twitter link youtube link instagram link              company   investor relations   newsroom   careers   blog           working with us  why time warner benefits career development diversity going green our stories stay connected    areas of operation  our divisions job spotlight industries interests internships locations    search for jobs   login to access your profile or create a new account.            ?

careers home  pagejob seeker     toolssearch  openingssearch  resultscurrent pagejob  details   

job detailstweetjob 1 of 1   submit to job   send to friend   save to cart          posting job title  hbo 2018 summer intern: digital products – software development (ny)   time warner  division  hbo    industry cable/broadcast television networksfilm production and distributiontelevision program production and distribution     area of interest engineeringinternship/trainee    location  united states - new york - new york   requisition #  161541br   position type  intern   posting job description  overall summary:at hbo, we believe that digital technologies will bring forward a new era of entertainment products. we are pioneering new ways to deliver our premium content to customers while at the same time developing entirely new interactive experiences.hbo’s digital products division is responsible for the entire technology stack that enables our customers to access hbo's programming wherever they are—on whatever device is at hand. exploring this nexus of technology and entertainment requires a staff of highly inventive and technically flexible software professionals across a variety of disciplines: development, program management, test, and design. we especially prize people who are knowledgeable, innovative, and motivated to create engaging and elegant digital entertainment experiences. we need expertise in devices—such as smart phones, tablets, game consoles, and pcs—as well as expertise in cloud computing and web services. above all, we need people who can take their expertise and accomplish things that have never been done before—because that’s what we’re doing.hbo is a progressive company with great benefits, a lean management structure, and growth opportunities for talented individuals.  come help us make hbo the best online experience in the world.what you’ll do: you will work with compelling consumer devices to expand our constellation of devices offering our video streaming applications. in addition, you will be part of a team that creates new technologies to enhance and deliver hbo’s content portfolio to a new generation of digital media entertainment. you will work within a team of experienced and diverse software engineers and partner with designers and server-side teams to deliver entertainment experience to delight consumers.what we’re looking for: a highly skilled individual who has a proven track record, enjoys learning and applying new technologies, and thrives in a dynamic engineering-oriented work environment.successful applicants must have:a bachelor’s or master’s degree in engineering, computer science or related field (within six-twelve months of graduation)1+ year programming experience in c++ or c# or similar programming languagesability to easily switch between independent and collaborative workstrong communication, problem solving and time management skills tools we like:multi-fluency with c, c++, objective-c, java, javascript, and html5/css experience with devices such as tablets, smart phones, and game consolesos: windows, ios, android, macos, linux summer program: 10 weeks must be able to secure housing the internship programs are designed to offer undergraduate and select graduate students the opportunity to learn how we provide programming for the cable industry and distribute entertainment content around the world. the programs will include orientation, project hbo, speaker series, social activities, learning and development workshops, a farewell lunch, and more.note: only applications submitted online will be accepted. hbo welcomes all applicants for this position; however only those applicants selected for an interview will be contacted.   about us  it's hbosm america's most successful premium television company, home box office delivers two 24-hour pay television services—hbo®and cinemax®. hbo continues to take advantage of the latest technological innovations with advancements that include the availability of hbo programming online though hbo gosm and max gosm, as well as hbo on demand® and cinemax on demand® in hd.  just as hbo is a company noted for its commitment to excellence in the products and services it delivers to consumers, it makes the extra effort to create a work environment in which fairness, equity, trust, and individual responsibility are valued.  hbo is committed to retaining and recruiting skilled and motivated employees, placing a priority on qualified team players who contribute to the diversity of their workforce.  hbo offers competitive benefits to include medical, dental, vision, a matched 401(k) plan, flexible spending, a commuter benefit program and tuition reimbursement.hbo is an equal employment opportunity employer. hbo does not discriminate against any applicant or employee based on race, color, religion, national origin, gender, age, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, mental or physical disability, and genetic information, or any other basis protected by applicable law. hbo also prohibits harassment of applicants or employees based on any of these protected categories.    submit to job   send to friend   save to cart        


         disclamer help international privacy policies       legal and privacy caution concerning forward-looking statements sitemap contact us shop  © time warner 2014. all rights reserved.      



