



job application for software engineer at mlb advanced media























          apply now
        
software engineer

        at mlb advanced media
      
(view all jobs)

        mlb advanced media, boulder, mlb advanced media, new york, mlb advanced media, san francisco
      


position: software engineer
reports to: director, software engineering
overview
the software engineer position is responsible for creating the code powering the baseball experience as part of major league baseball advanced media.  launched in 2001 as the tech arm of major league baseball, mlbam is renowned for creating experiences that baseball fans love - and we're just getting started!
the software engineer position offers the opportunity to collaborate with other world-class engineers, product developers, and designers; contribute to award-winning and complex apps and systems; influence the innovation of products used by millions globally; and work in a highly collaborative, results-oriented, team environment.
using cutting edge technology, our software is consumed by fans, broadcasters, stadiums, mlb clubs and the league itself.  we are looking for software engineers that are passionate about building new technologies for the baseball industry.
core responsibilities
coding

write clean, concise, modular code that is easily testable.
work on a backend technology stack including java 8, spring, sql, scala, akka, and r.
work on a frontend technology stack including angular, express, and react.

collaboration

participate in an agile environment.
participate in the full software development lifecycle (requirements gathering, designing, building, testing and maintenance).
participate in code reviews.

technology

lead and take ownership of critical projects and your own initiatives.
introduce the technologies you feel passionate about.
influence the innovation of products used by millions of users worldwide.
work alongside top data scientists on data analysis, machine vision and nlp.
change the way baseball is consumed.

qualifications
required qualifications

an avid learner, independent with excellent problem-solving skills.
passionate about mentoring peer developers, providing code reviews, etc.

minimum qualifications

computer science/engineering degree --or-- equivalent experience

preferred qualifications

exposure to amazon web services.
familiar with messaging queues: activemq, kafka, kinesis and sns/sqs.
experience with sql databases
understanding of big data concepts and knowledge of big data languages/tools such as hive, pig, mahout or spark.
experience with 3d modeling and statistical analysis of 3d models.
can explain the difference between fip and era to the creator of fip. 

desired qualifications for senior candidates

5+ years of experience using jvm languages (java, scala, kotlin…).
skilled in front end technologies: javascript, react, html, css.
experience building large and scalable applications.
experience contributing to open source projects.








apply for this job

* required
        











(optional)

almost there! review your information then click 'submit application' to apply.



first name *



last name *



email *



phone



resume/cv


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 














cover letter


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 

















linkedin profile
    





website
    





how did you hear about this job?
    





are you willing to relocate?
    


please selectyes
no


college or university
    





desired salary *






 what's your citizenship / employment eligibility? *



please selecti am a u.s. citizen/permanent resident
non-citizen allowed to work for any employer
non-citizen allowed to work for current employer
non-citizen seeking work authorization
i am a canadian citizen/permanent resident


the company maintains an “employment of relatives” policy intended to minimize the risk of real or perceived conflicts of interest. a “relative” is defined as a spouse, domestic partner, brother or sister, parent, child, grandparent, grandchild, great-grandchild, aunt, uncle, niece, nephew, cousin, or in-law or “step” of these family relationships. do you have any relatives currently employed by mlb advanced media? *



--
yes
no




u.s. equal opportunity employment information (completion is voluntary)


  individuals seeking employment at mlb advanced media are considered without regards
  to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical
  or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation. you are
  being given the opportunity to provide the following information in order to help us
  comply with federal and state equal employment opportunity/affirmative action record
  keeping, reporting, and other legal requirements.


  completion of the form is entirely voluntary. whatever your decision,
  it will not be considered in the hiring process or thereafter. any information that you
  do provide will be recorded and maintained in a confidential file.


gender
please selectmale
female
decline to self identify


are you hispanic/latino?
please selectyes
no
decline to self identify


please identify your race
please selectamerican indian or alaskan native
asian
black or african american
hispanic or latino
white
native hawaiian or other pacific islander
two or more races
decline to self identify


      race & ethnicity definitions


  if you believe you belong to any of the categories of protected veterans listed below,
  please indicate by making the appropriate selection.  as a government contractor
  subject to vietnam era veterans readjustment assistance act (vevraa), we request this
  information in order to measure the effectiveness of the outreach and positive
  recruitment efforts we undertake pursuant to vevraa. classification of protected
  categories is as follows:


  a "disabled veteran" is one of the following: a veteran of the u.s. military, ground,
  naval or air service who is entitled to compensation (or who but for the receipt of
  military retired pay would be entitled to compensation) under laws administered by the
  secretary of veterans affairs; or a person who was discharged or released from active
  duty because of a service-connected disability.


  a "recently separated veteran" means any veteran during the three-year period beginning
  on the date of such veteran's discharge or release from active duty in the u.s.
  military, ground, naval, or air service.


  an "active duty wartime or campaign badge veteran" means a veteran who served on active
  duty in the u.s. military, ground, naval or air service during a war, or in a campaign
  or expedition for which a campaign badge has been authorized under the laws
  administered by the department of defense.


  an "armed forces service medal veteran" means a veteran who, while serving on active
  duty in the u.s. military, ground, naval or air service, participated in a united
  states military operation for which an armed forces service medal was awarded pursuant
  to executive order 12985.


veteran status
please selecti am not a protected veteran
i identify as one or more of the classifications of a protected veteran
i don't wish to answer



form cc-305
omb control number 1250-0005
expires 1/31/2020

voluntary self-identification of disability
why are you being asked to complete this form?

  because we do business with the government, we must reach out to, hire, and provide
  equal opportunity to qualified people with disabilities1.  to help us
  measure how well we are doing, we are asking you to tell us if you have a disability or
  if you ever had a disability.  completing this form is voluntary, but we hope that you
  will choose to fill it out.  if you are applying for a job, any answer you give will be
  kept private and will not be used against you in any way.


  if you already work for us, your answer will not be used against you in any way.
  because a person may become disabled at any time, we are required to ask all of our
  employees to update their information every five years.  you may voluntarily
  self-identify as having a disability on this form without fear of any punishment
  because you did not identify as having a disability earlier.

how do i know if i have a disability?

  you are considered to have a disability if you have a physical or mental impairment or
  medical condition that substantially limits a major life activity, or if you have a
  history or record of such an impairment or medical condition.

disabilities include, but are not limited to:

blindness
deafness
cancer
diabetes
epilepsy
autism
cerebral palsy
hiv/aids
schizophrenia
muscular dystrophy
bipolar disorder
major depression
multiple sclerosis (ms)
missing limbs or partially missing limbs
post-traumatic stress disorder (ptsd)
obsessive compulsive disorder
impairments requiring the use of a wheelchair
intellectual disability (previously called mental retardation)


disability status
please selectyes, i have a disability (or previously had a disability)
no, i don't have a disability
i don't wish to answer

reasonable accommodation notice

  federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified
  individuals with disabilities. please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation
  to apply for a job or to perform your job.  examples of reasonable accommodation
  include making a change to the application process or work procedures, providing
  documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using
  specialized equipment.


1section 503 of the rehabilitation act of 1973, as amended.  for more
  information about this form or the equal employment obligations of federal contractors,
  visit the u.s. department of labor's office of federal contract compliance programs
  (ofccp) website at www.dol.gov/ofccp.


  public burden statement:  according to the paperwork reduction act of 1995 no persons
  are required to respond to a collection of information unless such collection displays
  a valid omb control number. this survey should take about 5 minutes to complete.








 



share this job:    













powered by 

 
      read our privacy policy
















