


java developer | recruiting bandwidth































view all jobs

 


java developer
 conenza
 - seattle, wa



who we areconenza’s mission is to draw people together to realize their potential.conenza builds and manages innovative social business solutions for market-leading organizations. founded in 2006 and located in downtown seattle, our team consists of talented professionals who want to direct their creativity, intellect and experience to making a big impact while delighting our customers and community members. we’re an entrepreneurial company with a culture built on trust, collaboration, and accountability. named by seattle business magazine and the puget sound business journal as one of washington’s best workplaces, we’re pursuing a compelling vision while having fun building a world-class company along the way.yes, we've got all the usual benefits, perks, competitive compensation, and a company-paid six-week sabbatical. but mostly, our focused team is pursuing a compelling vision while having fun building a world-class product along the way. our culture is built on a foundation of trust, community, creating value, and providing “human touch” in everything we do.job description & responsibilitiesyou will be responsible for the architecture and development of functionality in a social business service. you will work on features that extend and enhance the functionality of our platform. your efforts will delight our customers and have a direct impact on their day-to-day work.this position will be in charge of developing and designing new features, as well as maintaining a large java codebase. you will be expected to communicate well with both technical and non-technical staff. at least 4 years professional experience in java, creating and consuming restful apis and proficiency in using linux based systems.bonus: spring mvc, hibernate, sql, elasticsearch and developing integrations to enterprise software applications.experience working as part of a small team is a plus.you will be an integral member of the product team maintaining and expanding the conenza platform.responsibilities include designing and implementing, maintaining existing functionality, creating new apis for our clients to use, integrating with third party services and delivering a world class user experience for the people who visit out sites.  
posted on: wednesday, december 6, 2017
				



				









 
				apply to this job
		
























email




phone









or





			submitting
			






 



powered by crelate





