



job application for junior software engineer at varsity tutors, llc























          apply now
        
junior software engineer

        at varsity tutors, llc
      
(view all jobs)

        seattle office
      


summary
varsity tutors operates the leading live learning platform in the united states and is building a global on-demand expert network. students can receive live 1:1 help online, on mobile, or in-person in over 1,000 subjects facilitated by 30,000 experts. our mission and vision are to help people learn by seamlessly connecting experts and learners in any subject, anywhere, anytime.
we're a devops shop where we take great pride in the quality of our code, our processes, and our services. we have a complete ci/cd software lifecycle and an evolving services-oriented-architecture hosted in aws. we operate in a highly collaborative environment with product and design to build experiences that matter to our customers. at varsity tutors, engineers do not just write code, they actively participate in the conversation on what and how to build the systems and solutions that matter to our customers. if you love your customers as much as we do, we'd love to hear from you.
if your passion is building rock-solid services and apis that are the heart of the user experience, and you want to work for one of the fastest growing companies in the technology space, we have a place for you!
 
qualifications:

experience with mysql or other relational database (e.g. postgres, ms sql, etc.)
familiarity with aws services (e.g. rds, kinesis, ec2, et cetera)
familiarity with the linux operating system and command-line tools
experience with deployment systems (e.g. codeship, aws codedeploy)
understanding of oo design, algorithms, and data structures
aptitude to quickly learn new languages and technologies as necessary
computer science or related degree, or sufficient industry experience as a software engineer

responsibilities: 

write performant, maintainable code 
write automated tests to thoroughly validate the correctness of your code
deploy web applications
have a focus on quality; operate iteratively to get from good, to great to outstanding
be a part of your team’s on-call rotation; we all own our code end-to-end from development to deployment to operations
come ready to learn from some of the best and brightest in the industry
collaborate in a dynamic and fast moving team








apply for this job

* required
        











(optional)

almost there! review your information then click 'submit application' to apply.



first name *



last name *



email *



phone *



resume/cv *


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 














cover letter


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 

















linkedin profile *






website *






how did you hear about this job? *












 



share this job:    













powered by 

 
      read our privacy policy
















