

 backend software engineer | outreach



































































































product



product


features


drive meetings
sales sequences
sales dialer
sales email & tracking


enable productivity
sales rep workflow
outreach everywhere
sales intelligence
email & content templates


optimize
analytics & reporting
coaching analytics




platform

governance
data security
api



integrations

crm
inbox
sales intelligence & data
sales asset management
sales productivity







solutions



solutions


use cases

account-based sales
outbound sales
inbound sales
recruiting



personas

sales representatives
sales management & leadership
sales operations
marketing



pricing

get pricing







why outreach



why outreach


customers

case studies
testimonials



customer success

onboarding & implementation
user training & education
driving success







resources



resources


library

best practices
sales engagement
videos
webinars



blog

sales best practices
product news
all about account-based sales
outbound sales tips and tricks
company news



events

unleash '18



customer resources

university
knowledge base
support
status









sign in








careers

about us
newsroom
working at outreach
contact us

 




 backend software engineer

				location:
									seattle
								
									team: engineering
							


apply here





 
we are looking for a talented backend software engineer to join the outreach platform team. in this role you will be responsible for creating the backend services that power outreach and our public api.
build a world-class sales acceleration platform

outreach is more than just a web app; it’s a platform that enterprise companies depend on to run their business
create a feature-rich api based on json api for our customers to leverage all the functionality of outreach
enhance our existing authentication services to support single sign-on (sso) for our customers

scale the outreach platform

help us decompose our monolithic rails app and scale horizontally - create new micro services in ruby and go
leverage open source software like mysql, couchdb, redis, elasticsearch, and rabbitmq
use a data-driven approach to optimize performance and solve scaling challenges

build critical synchronization services

synchronizing email and salesforce data between outreach and third-party systems is crucial to how our customers communicate
develop next-generation real-time synchronization systems that improve the efficiency with which our customers can operate in the outreach environment

our vision of you
ideally you are an experienced builder who is passionate about solving problems in complex distributed systems. you should be comfortable building both stateless and database-backed web applications, and familiar with their various patterns and pitfalls. our primary backend language is ruby on rails, so ideally you have deep experience building and scaling rails apps. we have a growing fleet of applications written in go, so flexibility to work in different languages is a plus. the ability to diagnose and fix challenging linux system-level issues is important for when murphy’s law strikes.
other key qualities we would like you to possess:

you have a good eye for design and you pay attention to the details; imperfection bugs you
you take pride in building quality products that delight users
you strive to find clean solutions to complex technical problems
you go above and beyond to help your team
you are honest, admit mistakes, and own fixing them
you are a motivated and talented crafts-person: always looking to sharpen and adapt your skills
you are self-aware and can collaborate successfully with technical and effective oriented personalities
you are hands on and excited about building things

about outreach
outreach is a communication platform built from the ground up to help people communicate more effectively. today we focus on the sales organization, helping them engage with their prospects and customers through email, calling, and linkedin communication flows.
to put it into perspective, our customers spend the majority of their day living inside our software, relying on it to be more effective communicators with their audience.
since our first days here at outreach learning about how people communicate, we became obsessed with understanding our customers’ problems. as a result, we’ve built the most loved product on the market and won the hearts and minds (and business) of some incredible organizations around the world.
in addition to our relentless focus on the customer, we’ve received over $30 million in venture funding, been listed on seattle business magazine’s 100 best places to work, been ranked #1 for 2016 sales automation/acceleration software by ambition, and were named to the 2016 forbes cloud 100-rising star list in the sales technology category.
we aren’t slowing down anytime soon.
who we are
outreach is headquartered in seattle with sales offices throughout the us. our team shares a mission and sense of purpose: to help sales teams succeed by better connecting with their customers.
we’re a team of problem solvers and overachievers who value diversity of experience and perspective. we like to be challenged. we seek out people who are passionate about their craft and relentless in their pursuit of excellence.
we value grit. building a company isn’t easy so the ability to dig deep and tap into your inner super powers from time to time is important. we’ve learned that a good attitude and great teamwork go a long way to overcoming the inevitable bumps along the way.
outreach is a rocket ship and we’re excited to be building our future together. if you join us, you’ll be challenged with big projects, empowered to own them, and enabled to crush it. let’s do this thing together.
why you’ll love it here

you’ll get a chance to make history at one of the fastest growing startups in the nation.
100% medical, dental and vision coverage for full-time employees
unlimited pto, competitive salaries, 401k, commuter benefits, professional development opportunities, paid volunteer days, and company outings
diversity and inclusion programs including unconscious bias training and employee resource groups
incredible parental leave program (up to 10 weeks for new parents, night nurses, dinner deliveries and more!)
generous employee referral bonuses
you can bring your well-behaved fur babies to work
unlimited snacks in our state of the art kitchen








share










ready to make your entire team more effective?
outreach is more than just software – when you use it, you get a playbook for team success.

request a demo











product
product overview
drive meetings
enable productivity
optimize
integrations
platform
request demo


solutions
solutions overview
account-based sales
outbound sales
inbound sales
recruiting
personas
pricing


why outreach
why choose outreach
case studies
customer success
trust


resources
resources library
blog
events
university
knowledge base
server status
articles


company
about us
newsroom
working at outreach
contact us


1441 north 34th street, suite #100seattle, wa 98103
1 (888) 938-7356
sign in





© 2017 outreach.io


privacy policy
eula
acceptable use policy











