

costco travel- full stack java developer - best place to work 2017























 












full stack java developer - best place to work 2017




this is an environment unlike anything in the high-tech world and the secret of costco travel’s success is its culture.  the value costco and costco travel puts on its employees is well documented in articles from a variety of publishers including bloomberg and the motley fool.  at costco travel, every job is important and every employee is important. our own employees are on record enjoying a fast-paced environment, great co-workers, tremendous growth potential, and excellent benefits. our employees and our members come first.  enjoy the perks of working at a travel company with the best culture.
costco travel is a fast growing subsidiary of costco wholesale, and provides leisure travel to the more than 49 million costco members throughout the united states.
costco travel is looking for a creative, small team oriented, and motivated engineer who wishes to be a full stack developer to be a critical member on the development of current and upcoming projects and enhancements to its ecommerce portal.  this will include both internal and online applications and will involve the development enhancement and maintenance of reservation software and creation of vendor specific connections via web services for product availability, pricing and reservations.  costco travel is a full stack, fast paced, growing, and exciting small team environment and our ideal candidate enjoys challenges, appreciates being able to apply creative thinking to solve complex business problems and wants to be part of a small team that is goal focused and results oriented. 
responsibilities:

responsible for design and development of next generation java-based external and in-house travel booking applications
develop and implement enhancements to make the sales floor more efficient
efficiently work within the defined development processes and sdlc
take part in the design discussions and update data models
make changes to the framework files on a need-basis

skills: 

3 + years of current commercial experience developing with core java technologies and libraries
3 + years of current commercial experience with design and development of web based applications
2 + years of experience with java ee technologies (servlet & jsp)
2 + years of experience with jdbc or equivalent data-tier framework, database design & development
2 + years of experience with sdlc frameworks  & it best practices
3 + years of current commercial experience with relational databases (preferably ms-sql server and t-sql)

recommended skills

able to easily shift focus with changing priorities
must be able to work independently and be forward thinking
team oriented and capable of working in a small group
must be motivated and a quick learner capable of multi-tasking
familiarity or experience with the travel industry a plus

applicants and employees for this position will not be sponsored for work authorization, including, but not limited to h1-b visas. if hired, you will be required to provide proof of authorization to work in the united states. apart from any religious or disability considerations, open availability is needed to meet the needs of the business.  no external recruiters or vendors please.  we are only hiring in the seattle region for this role.
#d17
 department: information technologythis is a non-management positionthis is a full time position 




            visit                  
                    careers
                  
                 at costco travel          



subscribe to be notified of new jobs
                              



                    if we don't have an open position that fits you, feel free to subscribe to our talent team email! enter your
                    name, email address and position(s) you're interested in, and whenever we open a new position matching your criteria
                    we'll notify you immediately.
                    


* first name:


* last name:



* email address:


* send me openings in these areas:


information technology


 call center


 project management


 finance


 marketing


 operations



i'm interested in:

management
                        non-mgt
                      





                        subscribe
                      







share this job















apply now









leave this field blank







personal information



* first name                  


* last name                  


* email                  


                    address                  


                    city                  


                    state                  


alabama
alaska
arizona
arkansas
california
colorado
connecticut
delaware
district of columbia
florida
georgia
hawaii
idaho
illinois
indiana
iowa
kansas
kentucky
louisiana
maine
maryland
massachusetts
michigan
minnesota
mississippi
missouri
montana
nebraska
nevada
new hampshire
new jersey
new mexico
new york
north carolina
north dakota
ohio
oklahoma
oregon
pennsylvania
rhode island
south carolina
south dakota
tennessee
texas
utah
vermont
virginia
washington
west virginia
wisconsin
wyoming



* zip code                  


* phone number                  



attachments




* attach your resume                    



attach











paste














                      attach a cover letter                    



attach













other information



* 
                  do you need visa sponsorship now or in the future?                


                                      yes
                                  

  
                                      no
                                  


* 
                  are you currently living in the greater seattle region?                


                                      yes
                                  

  
                                      no
                                  


* 
                  are you currently a green card holder, ead or us citizen?                


                                      yes
                                  

  
                                      no
                                  


                                    how did you hear about this position?                


costco intranetcostco travel websitecostco travel websitecraigslistdiceemployee referralexternal recruiterfacebookglassdoorindeedjob fairjujulinkedinmonsterother job boardwork sourceother 

* please enter who you were referred by



* please enter how you heard about this position





                  submit                



                  apply                



                  continue                


 
 
 







 

