


        software engineer -        medbridge -         job board
    

























 






view our website



view all jobs















medbridge was recently named #7 top seattle company by inc. 500 and awarded geekwire's 2016 "bootstrapper of the year"! 



software engineer


seattle, wa                    

full time                

development                    

mid level                


















medbridge was recently awarded in seattle business magazine’s 2017 tech impact awards. we were also named one of the fastest growing companies in the u.s. and the #7 fastest growing in seattle by inc. 500!
the medbridge development team is dedicated to impactful and valuable applications. we’re highly collaborative team and like to ship features fast.  in the last five years our team has accomplished a lot; we’ve grown our multi-tenant site to reach numerous industries across a range of products and integrated with numerous software partners.
we’re looking for engineers who enjoy being part of a small, collaborative team, directly influencing the product and development standards, and act in weeks rather than months.
software engineer responsibilities:

help own and update existing production services
design & implement new services to fulfill business requirements
migrate & build services to replace monolithic php application
develop documentation & procedures to allow other teams to implement services faster & autonomously

software engineer requirements:

fullstack or backend software engineer experience for 3 - 5 years
experience developing, deploying, and running an application in production
ability to own projects end-to-end
knowledge of alarming, monitoring, and analytic best practices
a bachelor’s degree in computer science, related field, or equivalent industry experience

bonuses:

working in the healthcare space
golang/php/docker/k8s/node
knowledge of aws - ec2, cloudsearch, rds, sqs, sns, s3, cloudfront

our culture:

we’re passionate about building products that improve the quality of life for patients - providing clinicians with the highest quality educational content and tools, on an innovative learning platform
we believe collaboration is crucial to speedy execution and value in-person interactions across roles
we move fast and are scrappy, ruthlessly prioritizing to test and deliver new products, features and services for our customers
we’re bootstrapped and proud of it; our success and continued growth are driven by products that customers love and actually pay us for
we enjoy each other’s company - whether at work or company sponsored events, we have fun
we value our employees, offering 100% employee coverage for medical, dental and vision insurance and a 401(k) program with 50% company matching, up to 2%
we believe in continued personal growth, offering 2 paid days and an allowance for the professional development of your choice

our mission is to improve the lives of patients and medical providers, while raising the quality of healthcare globally by creating the most impactful educational content and innovative learning platform.
we are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. we do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.
 

read more



apply for position








            apply for this position        
required*



apply with linkedin







apply with indeed









first name*



last name*



email address*



address
















phone*



resume*

attach resume
                    or
                    paste resume



                        attach resume as .pdf, .doc, or .docx (limit 2mb) or
                        paste resume


 




                            paste your resume here or
                            attach resume file









cover letter



what's your citizenship / employment eligibility?
no answeri am a u.s. citizen/permanent residentnon-citizen allowed to work for any employernon-citizen allowed to work for current employernon-citizen seeking work authorizationi am a canadian citizen/permanent residentother 

desired salary*



in 150 characters or fewer, tell us what makes you unique. try to be creative and say something that will catch our eye!

150



submit application














×close
forward this position





recipient email address (one)



your name



your email address



enter a message (optional)
the message cannot contain links




human check*




















powered by















