


software engineer - desktop platform - dropbox


































work at dropbox


teams


locations


all jobs

















work at dropbox


teams


locations


all jobs




















software engineer - desktop platform

    seattle, wa



company description
dropbox supports hundreds of millions of creators and innovators around the world. our mission is to simplify the way people work together. dropbox business is trusted by over 200,000 companies to safeguard their most important information. as we continue to build the best place to create, share, and work with others, there’s a perfect spot for you to grow with us.
team description
our engineering team is working to simplify the way people work together. they’re building a family of products that handle over a billion files a day for people around the world. with our broad mission and massive scale, there are countless opportunities to make an impact.

role description
the desktop client is at the heart of the dropbox experience. our team is responsible for the application that runs on the desktop platforms. we make sure the desktop app is secure, robust, delightful, and seamlessly integrated with the operating system. we are working on exciting new features for better sharing and collaboration, improved performance, and a great native experience. 
responsibilities
build cross-platform desktop client features and infrastructuretackle tough engineering and product problems at the heart of dropbox synccreate new ideas with our product and design teams to continuously improve on the experiencetake full ownership of projects from design to implementation and deploymentpush the boundaries of os integration on mac and windowsenable our users to store and share billions of memories on dropbox, and make these experiences delightful, from our mobile photo uploaders and web albums to a host of exciting features that will launch over the next few months
requirements
3+ years of work related industry experiencestrong engineering skills and software fundamentalsability to evaluate new and existing technologies and make recommendations for application improvementseagerness to educate and collaborate with othersenthusiasm for creating features and infrastructure on all desktop operating systemsexpertise in windows or os x platforms with knowledge of system internals is a huge plus
benefits and perks
100% company paid individual medical, dental, & vision insurance coverage401k + company matchmarket competitive total compensation packagefree dropbox space for your friends and familywellness reimbursementgenerous vacation policy10 company paid holidaysvolunteer time off company sponsored tech talks (technology and other relevant professional topics)
 



    dropbox is an equal opportunity employer. we are a welcoming place for everyone, and we do our best to make sure all people feel supported and connected at work. a big part of that effort is our support for members and allies of internal groups like asians at dropbox, blackdropboxers, latinx, pridebox (lgbtq), vets at dropbox, women at dropbox, atx diversity (based in austin, texas) and the dropbox empowerment network (based in dublin, ireland).



































apply now













other open positions
there are no open positions right now. check back soon—we're growing fast!






demand planning engineer
san francisco, hq




director of engineering development infrastructure
san francisco, hq




engineering manager, infrastructure
san francisco, ca




engineering manager, infrastructure engineering
new york, ny




machine learning phd internship - summer 2018
san francisco, ca




manager, supply chain
san francisco, ca




mysql dba engineer
san francisco, ca




security engineer
san francisco, ca




site reliability engineer
san francisco, ca




software engineer - infrastructure
seattle, wa




software engineer - infrastructure
san francisco, ca




software engineer - mobile platform (ios)
san francisco, ca




software engineer, accessibility
san francisco, ca











dropbox


plus

business

enterprise

paper

plans




using dropbox


help center

security

productivity

apps and integrations




company


about us

contact

blog




downloads


desktop app

mobile apps




legal


privacy

terms










choose a language



bahasa indonesia


bahasa malaysia


dansk


deutsch


english (united kingdom)


english (united states)


español (españa)


español (latinoamérica)


français


italiano


nederlands


norsk (bokmål)


polski


português (brasil)


pусский


svenska


українська


ไทย


中文（简体）


中文（繁體）


日本語


한국어
















                    english (united states)
                    










