

software development engineer - platform - engineering  - careers at remitly


























































		back to open positions	







software development engineer - platform
seattle 

						apply now
					

software development engineer
 
at remitly, we're helping people send over $3 billion around the globe driven by our mission to deliver on our promise to immigrants sending money across the world.
as a software development engineer at remitly, you are a builder, responsible for pursuing complex technical and customer problems and creating a great product. we use cutting edge languages, tools, and frameworks to build applications and services on top of a scalable cloud architecture. our startup work environment is fast-paced, passionate, and growing quickly. successful engineers have a strong sense of ownership, with a desire to continuously improve and apply new skills and patterns; they also have an eye for best practices and a focus on maintainability. no task is too big or too little, and remitly developers challenge themselves with a diverse range of tasks to make sure we deliver on our customer promises. as a part of small, focused teams, developers work directly with product, marketing, design, and executive team members, and make a customer impact every day.
some examples of current interesting problems include:

building apis, services, mobile, and web applications for our next-generation customer experience.
designing a robust system to provide timely and cost-effective customer support across a variety of modern communication channels.
building a scalable platform for integrating with diverse bank apis around the globe to collect, manage, track, and disburse funds.
integrating online machine learning and predictive analytics models with our transactional systems to predict customer demand and prevent fraud.

you should possess:

a bs/ms in computer science or equivalent professional experience.
proficiency in at least two general-purpose languages like java, javascript, go, php, python, or ruby.
a strong desire to learn and grow.
excellent verbal and written communication skills.
experience with common professional technologies like git, linux/unix, etc.
experience with or a passion for working on scalable, distributed systems.
familiarity with cloud-computing concepts and technologies (e.g. amazon web services, azure).

remitly is a group of passionate people working to make international payments easier and more transparent on both the web and mobile devices. we are seeking team members to join us that want to make a difference and change an industry. we pride ourselves on aiming high and delivering results, data being at the heart of everything we do, and encouraging our team to own business decisions and outcomes. does this sound like the place for you? join us!
 
remitly is an equal opportunity employer. individuals seeking employment at remitly are considered without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, veteran status, or sexual orientation.
  





















			send money to:

			

				philippines				








select country


asia



india





philippines




central & south america




colombia





honduras





ecuador





mexico





el salvador





nicaragua





guatemala





peru














company

about
blog
press
careers



product

rates & fees
security
reviews
partners



support

contact us
feedback
faq



connect













		#whyisend	





user agreement | 
privacy policy | 
licenses

© 2012 - 2017 remitly, inc. all rights reserved.


































		#whyisend	




user agreement | 
privacy policy | 
licenses

© 2012 - 2017 remitly, inc. all rights reserved.






















