




associate data scientist - prescriptive analytics at monsanto
























skip navigation
















who we hire
working at monsanto
inclusion & diversity
student opportunities
our benefits
monsanto.com















search our jobs  
search our jobs


keyword



location




radius
select radius
5 miles
15 miles
25 miles
35 miles
50 miles



search




discover matches to jobs using your linkedin profile  »






associate data scientist - prescriptive analytics

apply now
apply later
req id 01lw3 date posted 11/03/2017
produce more. conserve more. improve lives. that’s monsanto’s vision for a better world. achieving this vision demands revolutionizing agriculture through technology and analytics is central to attaining this transformation. we are seeking an exceptionally talented individual with a passion for innovation, communication and influencing people to become an integral part of our global breeding analytics team. the global breeding analytics team is a cutting edge group providing recommendations and solutions to accelerate and optimize monsanto’s product development pipeline. we foster new game-changing ideas to produce sophisticated, intelligent optimization solutions and predictive models. as part of our diverse, highly dynamic group, you will be exposed to exciting analytics and operations research products and will have ample opportunity to work with interdisciplinary scientists (mathematicians, predictive modelers, machine learning experts, engineers, operations managers, and breeders) to foster your career growth and development while delivering next-generation analytics solutions.in this role, you are required to lead the expansion and support of analytics products that use advanced mathematical models, operations research techniques, simulation and strong business acumen to deliver insight, recommendations and solutions for business problems. you are required to work with fellow data scientists and business stakeholders to deploy and support digital products and applications that use it and data science to enable automated optimal decision making. you will interface with teams across the company towards expansion of existing models and application to new crops and world regions.  you will present compelling, validated stories to all levels of organization, including peers, senior management and internal customers to drive both strategic and operational changes in business. you will play a crucial role in leading world class logistics and distribution capacity planning and diagnostics, network design, flow path modeling and operations research on regional and global level.  
required skills
-master's degree in operations research, industrial engineering, mathematics, computer science or a related field -experience with programming languages (python, java, c#, r)
-excellent communication and project management skills
-fluency in both written and oral english
-ability to deal with ambiguity
-passion for data science and understanding the fundamentals of operations research, simulation, statistics and machine learning.  
-strong business aptitude, the ability to rapidly learn new problem domains, and become conversant in the domain with subject matter experts 
-strong organizational, interpersonal, and proven problem solving abilities 
-ability to work in a matrix environment, leading & influencing people at varying levels of responsibility. 
-proven ability to communicate complex qualitative analysis in clear, precise and actionable manner.
 
desired skills
-2 or more  years of prior work experience in analytics  
-theoretical and practical knowledge of operations research and mathematical optimization concepts
-experience with commercial optimization software (i.e., cplex, xpress, gurobi etc)
-experience with cloud based delivery models and technology platforms (aws, restful, hadoop etc)
-drive for translating business problems into research initiatives that deliver business value 
-expertise in many of the following: mathematical modeling, simulation, decision analysis, stochastic models, system dynamics and forecasting 
apply now
apply later




map
st. louis
view the area



share

facebook
google+
twitter
linkedin
email




related jobs


data scientist
st. louis, missouri


procurement supervisor
santa fe, federal district


plant reproductive biologist
st. louis, missouri


dicamba e&i engineer
luling, louisiana


customer service coordinator
santa fe, federal district













































get job news and event updates
first namelast namephone numberemail addressinterested insearch for a category / location, select a term from the suggestions, and click “add.”categorylocationaddresearch & development, st. louis, missouri, united statesremoveremove

confirm email















        		800 n. lindbergh boulevard
        		
        		st. louis, mo 63167
        	

facebook









©2002-2017 monsanto company – all rights reserved sitemap|
legal notice|privacy policy|
contact us







news & stories


conversation


news releases




innovation


products


our brands


seeds


agricultural biologicals


crop protection


safety information






company


investors


careers


contact us


more


america's farmers


modern agriculture


monsanto fund





sign up for our email newsletter

        				the monsanto newsletter brings you the latest modern agriculture news each month.
        			


first name *

last name

email *










©2002-2017 monsanto company – all rights reserved sitemap|terms & conditions|privacy policy|contact us












