

advanced sciences and technologies (as&t)- software engineer (philadelphia, pa)






















 












software engineer (philadelphia, pa)







 

education 
 
bachelor's degree in computer science or computer engineering is required.
 
security clearance
 
secret clearance is required. top secret clearance is desired.
 
experience
 
in addition to any experience substituted for degree (above), candidate shall be certified as a level ii information assurance technician (iat ii) under department of defense (dod) 8570.01m cyber security workforce (cswf). candidates shall have two years of experience in software development to include specifying, designing,  developing, coding, testing, integrating and documenting software modules systems and subsystems to provide new functional capabilities and improve existing information assurance posture. the candidate must also have hands-on experience with software documentation as described in the statement of work.
 
demonstrated abilities:
 


ability to develop engineering plans, priorities, & objectives
ability to implement software design practices and familiarity with agile software development
ability to use object-oriented programming (e.g. c#, c++, java)
ability to develop in unix shell scripting, c, vbs, html, xml, sql
ability to develop for web deployment (e.g. html, css, javascript, javaserver pages, and java servlets)
ability to use microsoft windows operating system, unix/linux, cisco internet operating system (ios)
ability to communicate orally and in writing, and work as part of a team
ability to document and create new procedures and instructions







position contingent upon a contact award


as&t is an eoe - m/f/d/v as&t
offers a first class benefits package, competitive salary and bonus incentives. 




            visit                  
                    careers
                  
                 at advanced sciences and technologies (as&t)          



share this job















apply now









leave this field blank



personal information



* first name                  


* last name                  


* email                  


* phone number                  



attachments




* attach your resume                    



attach











paste













                      attach a cover letter                    



attach













other information



* 
                  evidence of us citizenship may be required to comply with government contract and security requirements if an offer of employment is extended. if required, can you provide proof of us citizenship?                


                                      yes
                                  

  
                                      no
                                  


* 
                                    do you presently have a security clearance?                


yesno 

* 
                                    have you held a security clearance in the last year?                


yesno 

* 
                                    did anyone refer you to as&t?                




                  submit                



                  apply                



                  continue                


 
 
 







 

