








ecri institute

















anchor





about ecri
news
events

							contact us 

							login 














ecri



topics




memberships & 
										services 











welcome to ecri institute careers
























return to open positions

employee benefits 


returning applicants apply here

equal opportunity employer (poster supplement)







software engineer i



  



job summary

ecri institute is seeking a software engineer i at ecri institute will assist in the development, testing and documentation of web, mobile and server-side cloud-based applications used within a healthcare environment. this position is based at ecri institute's headquarters near philadelphia in plymouth meeting, pa.duties and responsibilities  code new solutions based on business specifications.   support bug fixes and implement enhancements to existing systems.   develop unit tests of code modules.   participate in team meetings and code reviews.   create and troubleshoot simple to moderate level sql scripts.   adhere to ecri platform, standards, and best practices.   work within a team and independently when needed. minimum requirements  1-3 years hands on experience in at least two modern languages and frameworks such as: c#, node.js, .net core, asp.net core, angular/typescript, rxjs, react, java, swift, kotlin.   understanding of rest architecture, relational and nosql databases.   understanding of agile methodologies.   desire to learn and grow professionally. critical skills  ability to communicate effectively, learn from others, and adopt standards.   ability to troubleshoot and effectively diagnose and fix problems in applications. beneficial additional knowledge and skills (not required)  experience developing mvc applications.   experience building sql server integration services (ssis) packages.   building, deploying and scheduling reports using sql server reporting services (ssrs).   experience in sql server analysis services (ssas).   sharepoint development.   reporting and analytics such as tableau, power bi.   mobile development: ios or android. education  associate/bachelor’s degree in computer science or a related major. or:   equivalent professional experience. about ecri institute: ecri institute is a nonprofit organization that researches the best approaches to improving patient safety and care. it has its headquarters in plymouth meeting, pennsylvania. we have a diverse working environment that encourages teamwork and an open exchange of ideas. over 400 dedicated staff blend extraordinary scope and depth of clinical, management, and technical expertise with a wide range of experienced healthcare professionals. our competitive benefit package for full-time and benefit-eligible part-time employees includes medical, dental, vision, and prescription coverage which begin on the first day of employment. for nearly 50 years, ecri institute has dedicated itself to bringing the discipline of applied scientific research to healthcare. through rigorous, evidence-based patient safety research, ecri institute has recommended actionable solutions that have saved countless lives. ecri institute is designated an evidence-based practice center by the u.s. agency for healthcare research and quality. ecri institute pso is listed as a federally certified patient safety organization by the u.s. department of health and human services and strives to achieve the highest levels of safety and quality in healthcare by collecting and analyzing patient safety information and sharing best practices and lessons learned. qualified applicants must be legally authorized to work in the united states. ecri institute is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer and does not discriminate against otherwise qualified applicants on the basis of race, color, creed, religion, ancestry, age, sex, sexual orientation, marital status, national origin, disability or handicap, or veteran status.  if you need a reasonable accommodation for any part of the application and/or hiring process, please contact the human resources department at 610-825-6000. eoe minority/female/disability/veteranto be considered further for this opportunity interested candidates must apply directly to our website.  https://www.ecri.org/about/pages/careers.aspx  

  

    
















contact us







												careers


												hrd@ecri.org

												call (610) 825-6000 ext. 5555



























										already a member?
										
										log in here


									ecri directory >

									request more information > 


									live chat with an ecri representative >

















						report a device problem

						accident investigation
faqs

						careers 
						patient resources
explorar en español

						terms of use 


						facebook

						twitter

						youtube

						linkedin 


						copyright © 2017 ecri institute
					


return to top








