




programmer analyst ii (c++ or java) - collegeville pennsylvania 19426















skip navigation        















                toggle navigation
            
 menu









search        



      
my account        


           
                    saved jobs (0)
                



sign in            









job details                











programmer analyst ii (c++ or java)
 








job id #:


jr20870
 


functional area:


information technology
 


position type:


full-time regular
 


relocation provided:


no
 


travel percentage:


0
 






primary location:


us-pennsylvania-collegeville 200 campus drive-4253
 


secondary location(s):


 


 


 


department:


 


education desired:


bachelors degree or equivalent
 


experience desired:


3 to 5 yrs
 





email a friend


save

save
apply now












position responsibilities\requirements:

code, test and support custom enhancements, online and batch interfaces.  resource may also be involved in upgrades and conversions.  good analytical skills a must.  resource must have good communication skills and be flexible.  experience working with agile (scrum) methodology a plus.general duties & responsibilities• provides application software development services or technical support typically in a defined project.• develops program logic for new applications or analyzes and modifies logic in existing applications.• codes, tests, debugs, documents, implements and maintains software applications.• maintains, tests and integrates application components.• makes recommendations towards the development of new code or reuse of existing code• ensures system improvements are successfully implemented.• demonstrates an understanding of fis systems and the financial services industry.• analyzes requirements and translates business requirements into product designs.• writes technical specifications and other forms of documentation.• suggests technical alternatives and improves/streamlines processes and systems.• completes project assignments and special projects commensurate with job expectations.• conducts planning, analysis and forecasting activities to plan projects and tasks.• may participate in component and data architecture design, performance monitoring, product evaluation and buy vs. build recommendations.• may provide leadership and/or guidance to other technical professionals.• other related duties assigned as needed.educational requirementsa bachelor’s degree in computer science or information systems or the equivalent combination of education, training, or work experience. general knowledge, skills & abilities• knowledge of end-to-end systems development life cycles, i.e., waterfall, iterative and other modern approaches to software development• proficiency in object-oriented development (ood) in c#, c++, java or any other .net-aware languages desired. • proficiency in business modeling and requirements definition disciplines through unified modeling language (uml), use cases, etc.• excellent customer service skills that build high levels of customer satisfaction for internal and external customers• excellent verbal and written communication skills to technical and non-technical audiences of various levels in the organization, e.g., executive, management, individual contributors• willingly shares relevant technical and/or industry knowledge and expertise to other resources• excellent problem-solving, team and time management skills• is resourceful and proactive in gathering information and sharing ideas intermediate professional role. moderate skills with high level of proficiency. develops and implements solutions that require analysis and research. works on small to large, complex projects that require increased skill in multiple technical environments. possesses knowledge in a specific business area. works on one or more projects as a team member or occasionally as a project lead. may coach junior technical staff. works under general supervision with latitude for independent judgment. may consult with senior peers on certain projects. typically requires four or more years’ applications development experience.



fis™ is the world's largest global provider dedicated to financial technology solutions. fis empowers the financial world with software, services, consulting and outsourcing solutions focused on retail and institutional banking, payments, asset and wealth management, risk and compliance, trade enablement, transaction processing and record-keeping. fis’ more than 53,000 worldwide employees are passionate about moving our clients’ business forward. headquartered in jacksonville, florida, fis serves more than 20,000 clients in over 130 countries, and our technology powers billions of transactions annually that move over $9 trillion around the globe. fis is a fortune 500 company and is a member of standard & poor’s 500® index.
 



.                



&nbsp                



                    fis is an equal opportunity employer. we evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, genetic information, national origin, disability, veteran status, and other protected characteristics. the eeo is the law poster is available here: www1.eeoc.gov/employers/upload/eeoc_self_print_poster.pdf and here:www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/ofccp_eeo_supplement_final_jrf_qa_508c.pdffor positions located in the us, the conditions below apply.
 
if you are made a conditional offer of employment, you will be required to undergo a drug test and background check (including criminal record check)
 
ada disclaimer: in developing this job description care was taken to include all competencies needed to successfully perform in this position. however, for americans with disabilities act (ada) purposes, the essential functions of the job may or may not have been described for purposes of ada reasonable accommodation. all reasonable accommodation requests will be reviewed and evaluated on a case-by-case basis.




as part of the selection process this role may require an assessment to determine suitability 



recruitment at fis works primarily on a direct sourcing model; a relatively small portion of our hiring is through recruitment agencies. fis does not accept resumes from recruitment agencies which are not on the preferred supplier list and is not responsible for any related fees for resumes submitted to job postings, our employees, or any other part of our company. 

 










jobdetails































