
full stack developer job - jetsense - wayne, pa | indeed.com






















skip to job description, searchclose









find jobscompany reviewsfind salariesfind resumesemployers / post job







upload your resume


sign in







:







what
where





advanced job search


 

 



 



job title, keywords or company


city, state, or zip












full stack developer

jetsense
     -
wayne, pa 19087


                $52,000 - $67,500 a year



job summarydo you enjoy working with cutting edge technology and producing rewarding solutions? at jetspring, we are looking for individuals that are passionate about software development and staying on the cutting edge with information technology. the ideal candidate enjoys integrating with new technologies, producing solid code, working with data, and creating impactful technical solutions. jetspring takes great pride in being team-centric and we are looking for someone who can prosper working well within an exceptional team. we are looking for someone who is passionate about providing exceptional solutions.responsibilities and dutiesdeveloping artificial intelligence applications using cutting edge software stacksbuilding solutions to enhance and scale up etl processessolve technical issues across many domains clearly and with strong accuracymaintain and enhance pre-existing softwarework closely with sales and operations to establish business processes, strategies, informational requirements and priorities.debug software issuescreate clear, thorough documentationresearch emerging development technologies and techniquesqualifications and skillsat least 2 years experience working with the sdlcat least 2 years experience with object oriented programming (e.g. c#, nodejs, java, php)experience working with sql (e.g. mysql, sql server, or oracle) and nosql (e.g. mongodb)api integrations (e.g. working with restful endpoints and/or soap)exposure to artificial intelligence platforms is a plus (e.g. tensorflow)must have strong analytical skillsexposure to visualization tools a plus (e.g. tableau, power bi)must have strong problem solving skillstime management: the candidate will be involved in many simultaneous projects and must have strong organizational skills and time management.candidate should have a bachelor’s degree in computer science, information science, or similar program.exposure to ibm watson, nlp, and nlc is a plusbenefitsmedical, dental and visioncompany matched 401kgenerous ptocasual dress codejob type: full-timesalary: $52,000.00 to $67,500.00 /year

15 days ago   -  save job









» apply now

            please review all application instructions before applying to jetsense.






other jobs you may like


full stack developer

liberty personnel services -
					philadelphia, pa
13 days ago

 easily apply



full stack web developers

liberty personnel services -
					plymouth meeting, pa
30+ days ago

 easily apply



full-stack c# .net developer

liberty personnel services -
					conshohocken, pa
7 days ago

 easily apply



full stack developer - angular/node

nextgen global resources -
					philadelphia, pa
6 days ago

 easily apply



lead full-stack java web developer

vanguard -
					malvern, pa
8 days ago

 easily apply








 





let employers find youthousands of employers search for candidates on indeedupload your resume










about - help center


©2017 indeed - cookies, privacy and terms



let employers find you  upload your resume










