 


trinet hire | software engineer





















 
jobs at cask llc








software engineer





                  philadelphia, pa
                

department: consulting and information technology
type: full-time
min. experience: some experience





            back to job listings
 










about caskcask is a woman-owned small business and is certified by the state of california as a micro business and by the sba as an economically disadvantaged woman-owned small business (edwosb) and small disadvantaged business (sdb).cask was founded in 2004 by a group of professionals who saw the need to help clients use and unlock the value of technology in more efficient, cost effective ways. cask delivers business and technology advisory and consulting services to help our customers achieve success.cask is currently looking for a software engineer with the following knowledge, skills and ability:•	develop engineering plans, priorities, & objectives•	implement software design practices and familiarity with agile software development•	use object-oriented programming (e.g. c#, c++, java)•	develop in unix shell scripting, c, vbs, html, xml, sql•	develop for web deployment (e.g. html, css, javascript, javaserver pages, and java servlets)•	use microsoft windows operating system, unix/linux, cisco internet operating system (ios)•	communicate orally and in writing, and work as part of a team•	document and create new procedures and instructionposition requirementscertified as a level ii information assurance technician (iat ii) under department of defense (dod) 8570.01m cyber security workforce (cswf). candidates require two years of experience in software development to include specifying, designing, developing, coding, testing, integrating and documenting software modules systems and subsystems to provide new functional capabilities and improve existing information assurance posture. the candidate must also have hands-on experience with software documentation.security clearance: all personnel must have an active secret security clearance.cask is an equal opportunity employer. all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, national origin, gender, age, status as a protected veteran, among other things, or status as a qualified individual with a disability.eeo employer/vet/disabled



apply for this job






first name



last name



email address



location














phone number



resume



attach resume






attach another file



attach file



  

add another


what is your linkedin profile url?



what is the name of your current employer?



attach your cover letter - or:



attach cover letter






cut and paste your cover letter below:




what are your salary requirements?






what is your earliest start date?



what is your personal website url?



what is your portfolio url?



what is your twitter handle?



do you have any professional qualifications (pmp, mcse)?



what is the highest level of education you’ve obtained?

no answer
ged or equivalent
high school
some college
college - associates
college - bachelor of arts
college - bachelor of fine arts
college - bachelor of science
college - master of arts
college - master of science
college - master of fine arts
college - master of business administration
college - doctorate
medical doctor
other


what was the latest college or university you attended?




do you have an active security clearance



      yes
    




      no
    


we invite you to complete the optional self-identification questions below used for compliance with government regulations and record-keeping guidelines. any self-identification information provided will not be considered in the selection process.

gender


male
female
other
i do not wish to self-identify my gender



ethnicity


hispanic/latino
white (not hispanic or latino)
black/african american (not hispanic or latino)
native hawaiian/other pac island (not hispanic or latino)
asian (not hispanic or latino)
american indian/alaska native (not hispanic or latino)
two or more races (not hispanic or latino)
decline to specify



veteran status


not a veteran
not indicated
no military service
retired military
active reserver
inactive reserve
veteran (va ineligible)
veteran of vietnam era
vietnam & other protected vet
pre-vietnam-era veteran
post-vietnam-era veteran
vietnam-era veteran
not a vietnam-era veteran
other protected veteran



disabled status


yes, i have a disability (or previously had a disability)
no, i don't have a disability
i do not wish to answer this question












linkedin url
should be {http://www.linkedin.com/pub/[member-name/]x/y/z} or {http://www.linkedin.com/in/string}








© 2014-2017 trinet group, inc. all rights reserved.



