

	i3- integration innovation, inc. | job opportunities




















i3- integration innovation, inc.













about us






i3 is an aap/eeo/vevrra equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate against otherwise qualified applicants on the basis of race, color, creed, religion, ancestry, age, sex, gender, marital status, national origin, disability or handicap, or veteran status.
if you are a qualified individual with a disability or a disabled veteran, you have the right to request a reasonable accommodation if you are unable or limited in your ability to use or access the i3 career page as a result of your disability. you can request reasonable accommodations by calling (256) 513-5179 or by sending an email to hr@i3-corps.com. thanks for your interest in i3. 
i3 is a drug-free workplace. the unlawful manufacture, distribution, dispensing, possession, or use of a controlled substance is prohibited. all candidates who receive conditional offers of employment are subject to drug testing.
 








job detail
 

  back to all jobs




software engineer
location: philadelphia | philadelphia, or  | cyber & systems engineering 
job status: full-timedetails: 15865



  apply now




job descriptionsoftware engineer will perform duties to include:

1. ability to develop engineering plans, priorities, & objectives
2. ability to implement software design practices and familiarity with agile software development
3. ability to use object-oriented programming (e.g. c#, c++, java)
4. ability to develop in unix shell scripting, c, vbs, html, xml, sql
5. ability to develop for web deployment (e.g. html, css, javascript, javaserver pages, and java servlets)
6. ability to use microsoft windows operating system, unix/linux, cisco internet operating system (ios)
7. ability to communicate orally and in writing, and work as part of a team
8. ability to document and create new procedures and instructions

requirements:
bachelor's degree in computer science or computer engineering is required. 

in addition to any experience substituted for degree (above), candidate shall be certified as a level ii information
assurance technician (iat ii) under department of defense (dod) 8570.01m cyber security workforce (cswf).
candidates shall have two years of experience in software development to include specifying, designing,
developing, coding, testing, integrating and documenting software modules systems and subsystems to provide new
functional capabilities and improve existing information assurance posture. the candidate must also have hands-on
experience with software documentation.

secret clearance is required. top secret clearance is desired.

i3 is an eoe/vets/disabilities



























×
  job alerts


your privacy is very important to us. we will never give your information to anyone. period.



               first name






               last name






               email







                   submit






close




×
  job detail





close







