








apply for siemens software engineer 2 - computer vision job - research & development - malvern, pennsylvania
























skip to main content




















global job opportunities

toggle navigation











global job opportunities
life at siemens
what we do
search careers
faq


global job opportunities
life at siemens
what we do
search careers
faq



careers home
search jobs


					check application status / manage profile
					



global jobs






















































siemens careers






share this job


























software engineer 2 - computer vision


locations:
malvern, pennsylvania




job family: research & development





apply

english (us)






job description



division: siemens healthineersbusiness unit: servicesrequisition number: 218424primary location: united states-pennsylvania-malvernassignment category: full-time regularexperience level: entry leveleducation required level: bachelor's degreetravel required: 5%division description:siemens is a global technology powerhouse that has stood for engineering excellence, innovation, quality, reliability and internationality for more than 165 years. as a global technology company, siemens is rigorously leveraging the advantages that this setup provides. to tap business opportunities in both new and established markets, the company is organized in nine divisions: power and gas, wind power and renewables, energy management, building technologies, mobility, digital factory, process industries and drives, healthineers and financial services. with 45,000 employees siemens healthineers is one of the world’s largest suppliers of technology to the healthcare industry and a leader in medical imaging, laboratory diagnostics and healthcare it. all supported by a comprehensive portfolio of clinical consulting, training, and services available across the globe and tailored to customers’ needs. so that more people can have a life that is longer, richer, and more filled with happiness. for more information, please visit:  http://www.usa.siemens.com/healthineersjob description:software developer – siemens healthcare syngo us group
 
position:
we have an opening for a senior research software developer position in siemens healthcare in malvern, pa, in the areas of computer vision, pattern recognition, and machine learning for medical imaging applications. 
you will join our group in providing advanced algorithms for real-world medical applications. our group delivers medical image analysis software applications for medical data analysis and understanding, supporting clinicians and other medical professionals. we are well recognized for delivering cutting-edge intelligent solutions to siemens 3d workstations and medical imaging scanners. our group also has strong publication record in top tier journals and conferences.
 
responsibilities:
·         convert scientific algorithms to pre-development prototypes with infrastructure/coding conventions complying with product standard
·         understand algorithms designed by scientists and support knowledge transfer to productization team. 
·         contribute to research projects by providing software architecture design and support
·         support fast prototyping, feasibility studies for exploratory clinical research
 
skills/competency:
·         strong development capability in computer vision, machine learning and medical image analysis.
·         development experience in medical image analysis of different imaging modalities (ct, mri, pet, etc.) is preferred.
·         strong programming ability is required. proficiency in programming using c/c++ (required) and python (preferred).
·         ability to work independently and in a team environment.
·         excellent communication skills.
 
education:
b.s. (with 2- 5 years relevant experience)/m.s. in computer science/engineering, electric engineering, biomedical engineering or related field.
 

#li-es1 
 



equal employment opportunity statement

      siemens is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer encouraging diversity in the workplace. all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to their race, color, creed, religion, national origin, citizenship status, ancestry, sex, age, physical or mental disability, marital status, family responsibilities, pregnancy, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender expression, gender identity, transgender, sex stereotyping, protected veteran or military status, and other categories protected by federal, state or local law.
    

eeo is the law

      applicants and employees are protected under federal law from discrimination. to learn more,
      click here.
    

pay transparency non-discrimination provision

      siemens follows executive order 11246, including the pay transparency nondiscrimination provision. to learn more,
      click here.
    






 





check application status / manage profile



global jobs
united states jobs


us only: review accommodations for disability
contact us




© siemens ag, 1996 – 2017 |
corporate information |
privacy policy |
cookie policy |
terms |
digital id


jobs & careers on:













jobs & careers on:








© siemens ag, 1996 – 2017 |
imprint






















