


















morgan, lewis & bockius - job details


























integrity, excellence, teamwork, service > searching for staff positions > apply to morgan lewis > careers :  morgan, lewis & bockius - an international law firm











  




 integrity, excellence, teamwork, and service 


 



    ?

homesearch  openingssearch  resultscurrent pagejob  details   

job details job 1 of 1   apply to job   save to cart       auto req id  1317br   posting title  software developer   job location  firm - philadelphia   employment type  full time   job description  morgan, lewis & bockius llp, an international law firm with almost 4000 lawyers and staff in 28 offices is seeking a software developer in the application services & development department. the software developer will be challenged to create designs & systems that support business & client transactions while meeting the highest standards of availability, stability and performance.  core responsibilities include:  • developing new software applications in partnership with business analysts and technical architects. • upgrading existing software as needs change. • localizing software products for different international markets. • testing software to ensure the code is correct, fixing ('debugging') errors where they occur, and rerunning and rechecking the solution until it produces the correct results. • working with trainers and technical writers to develop user support materials. • providing technology guidance to shape overall approach to application development. • ensuring solutions are developed, and implemented according to industry best practices. • monitoring current and future trends, technology and information in the application development technology space with a focus towards positively affecting organizational projects. • presenting solutions to leadership, management, and peer developers. • ensuring solutions are well engineered, operable, maintainable, and delivered on schedule through code reviews, adherence to established standards, etc. • applying and integrating emerging technological trends to new and existing systems architecture. • mentoring team members in relevant technologies and implementation architecture. • working with various teams to ensure the quality of solutions. • supporting business partners, analysts, quality assurance, and production support teams.  experience:  •experience with angular 2.0 is a big plus •must be familiar with client side mvvm frameworks •excellent understanding of oo principles •experience with both client and server side unit testing. • over 5+ years of experience developing, deploying and supporting complex computing applications in a large scale environment. • bachelor’s degree in computer science, computer engineering or related disciplines; extensive, directly-related experience may be considered in-lieu of degree(s). • knowledge of a wide range of application development technologies .net, sql server, web services, reporting services, windows services, web application development and n tier application development. • strong knowledge of visual studio, tfs and related development tools/environments. • strong knowledge of soa (service oriented architecture) design and implementation over different operating systems and languages. • practical experience working within an agile project management pipeline. • practical experience working within ci/cd devops pipeline. • ability to apply design concepts – layered architectures, components, interfaces, messaging and patterns. • strong practical experience developing object-orientated applications using one or more object oriented languages ex. (c# .net, java, c++, etc…) • skills and knowledge in a wide range of technologies, including asp.net, asp.mvc, c#, vb.net, web services, xml, ajax, jquery, silverlight, sql server, wpf (windows presentation foundation), wcf ( windows communication foundation), wf (windows workflow foundation) • ssis (sql server integration services), ssrs (sql server reporting services), ssas (sql server analysis services) is a plus. • uml modeling experience a plus • erd modeling experience a plus • ability to effectively collaborate with peers, architects and other members of the software development team. • strong business/technology decision making skills. • outstanding written and verbal communication skills.  qualified candidates must apply online by visiting our website at www.morganlewis.com and selecting “careers.”  morgan lewis is an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.    apply to job   save to cart     


         copyright © 2016 by morgan, lewis & bockius llp. all rights reserved.     


