city of philadelphia .net developer | smartrecruiters

.net developer1401 john f kennedy blvd, philadelphia, pa 19102, usafull-timecompany descriptionwith a workforce of over 25,000 people, and opportunities in more than 1,000 different job categories, the city of philadelphia is the fifth largest city in the united states and one of the largest employers in southeastern pennsylvania. as an employer, the city of philadelphia operates through the guiding principles of service, integrity, respect, accountability, collaboration, diversity and inclusion. through these principles, we strive to effectively deliver services, to resolve the challenges facing our city, and to make philadelphia a place where all of our residents have the opportunity to reach their potential.job descriptionthe office of innovation & technology (oit) is the central it agency for the city of philadelphia, headed by the chief information officer (cio). the revenue it unit provides services to the revenue department of the city of philadelphia and is led by the revenue it director.the primary responsibility of this position is web based application development for the revenue department of the city of philadelphia, using microsoft .net technologies and tools. the person in this position will work closely with both revenue department and the office of innovation and technology (oit) and other city departments as required, conducting all the activities related to successful design, development, implementation, and post implementation support of software systems. essential functions•    develop and implement web based and other .net applications. •    follow sdlc methodology including requirements gathering, solution architecture, coding, and testing. •    review code and high-level designs by other team members to ensure that strategic objectives and business needs are met. •    proactively identify application inefficiencies and propose solutions. •    identify, create, and maintain development frameworks and code libraries. •    create prototypes and functional specifications for application development projects. •    work closely with the team members and qa analysts to develop quality assurance documentation and test plans. •    help coordinate the implementation of short procedures for the production and maintenance of all applications. •    work closely with production support and help desk staff to develop operating documentation. •    as a member of the revenue it unit, provide input in choosing new web technologies, development tools, and languages. •    makes suggestions on creating technical standards for specific applications and the city as a whole. •    other duties as assigned.competencies, knowledge, skills and abilities•    design and develop web based and other applications using microsoft .net tools.•    understand business requirements and provide sustainable software solutions. •    apply web application development standards and best practices. •    understand application architecture. •    work under tight deadlines and reliably deliver work of the highest standards on time. •    solve practical problems and deal with a variety of concrete variables in situations where only limited standardization exists. •    interpret a variety of instructions furnished in written, oral, diagram, or schedule form and communicate them visually. •    knowledge of:•    web standards, design fundamentals, browser compatibility issues for all operating systems•    applications •    visual studio (2015+) •    jquery •    asp.net•    c# •    html/xhtml •    xml •    ajax •    javascript •    css3 •    vbscript •    classic asp •    sql is a plus•    application architecture •    application lifecycle management •    agile methodologies •    web services •    information architecture •    web standards •    web accessibility •    object oriented programming •    microsoft office sharepoint server (moss) •    team foundation server (2010+) •    microsoft sql server (2008+) •    oracle database server (11g and 12g) qualifications•    bachelor’s degree from an accredited college or university, which has included major course work in computer science, information science, systems analysis, software engineering, or a closely related field. graduate degree in related discipline a plus.•    5+ years of experience developing solutions (web based and other) using microsoft .net technologies.•    experience with agile & waterfall development methodology.•    comprehensive experience using visual studio•    web development using asp.net mvc, c#, and the entity framework•    strong experience with css2 and css3•    experience with jquery and ajax frameworks. •    experience developing web services. •    experience developing workflow driven applicationsadditional informationplease submit a resume and cover letter with your application.successful candidate must be a city resident within six months of hire. the city of philadelphia is an equal opportunity employer and does not permit discrimination based on race, ethnicity, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, religion, national origin, ancestry, age,disability, marital status, source of income, familial status, genetic information or domestic or sexual violence victim status. if you believe you were discriminated against, call the philadelphia commission on human relations at 215-686-4670 or send an email to for more information, go to: human relations website at: http://www.phila.gov/humanrelationsjob locationi'm interestedi'm interestedrefer a friendshare this jobpowered by