





















time warner, inc. - job details












  time warner careers                    company  about us management operating divisions corporate governance corporate responsibility tw investments global media group strategy    investor relations   newsroom  press releases press contacts media & identity materials    blog   careers  working with us areas of operation search for jobs     facebook link twitter link youtube link instagram link              company   investor relations   newsroom   careers   blog           working with us  why time warner benefits career development diversity going green our stories stay connected    areas of operation  our divisions job spotlight industries interests internships locations    search for jobs   login to access your profile or create a new account.            ?

careers home  pagejob seeker     toolssearch  openingssearch  resultscurrent pagejob  details   

job detailstweetjob 1 of 1   submit to job   send to friend   save to cart          posting job title  senior software engineer   time warner  division  warner bros. entertainment group   wb business unit  dramafever   industry  film production and distribution   area of interest  technology/information technology   location  united states - pennsylvania - philadelphia   requisition #  161341br   position type  full time   company overview  warner bros. has been entertaining audiences for more than 90 years through the world’s most-loved characters and franchises.  warner bros. employs people all over the world in a wide variety of disciplines. we're always on the lookout for energetic, creative people to join our team.   business unit overview  wb digital labs (subsidiary of warner bros.) is moving fast to develop the next generation of video-enabled entertainment brands. formally the start-up, dramafever, for years we have delighted audiences with our over-the-top streaming korean drama channel. now, we are looking at nothing less than to shape the future of media by combining our cutting-edge technology, design and marketing capabilities with the world’s most beloved and iconic brands (e.g.. looney tunes) to build a portfolio of next-generation multi-media entertainment services.   posting job description  what do we require from you?we are looking for an experienced developer to join our backend team. our team is responsible for all backend content distribution in an svod (subscription video on demand) environment. our team supports the discovery and viewing of video content, watch queues, favorites, and license management for 4 highly trafficked digital properties. 4+ years of software development experience.a delivery mindset. it’s not enough to write the code. it’s has to get into the user’s hands and it has to work!a self-motivated, entrepreneurial outlook.strong problem-solving skills.an agile disposition. we respect the spirit of agile development, but we pick and choose our ceremonies.can demonstrate professional experience with at least one full development tool chain. insert your , , , , etc. here.general computing knowledge is desirable. familiarity with the standard suite of web protocols (http, html, etc.). bonus points if...you have experience consuming apis, writing javascript, mobile development, etc.bsc or msc in computer science or equivalent.   technologies we use  our ideal candidate will also be well versed in our tech stack...django. python. mysql.linux.aws core services (s3, sqs, ec2, etc.).   but wait, there's more!  perks!we provide a competitive salary, generous 401k matching, a flexible vacation policy, and have healthcare, vision and dental benefits!    *  the warner bros. entertainment group of companies is an equal opportunity employer and considers all candidates for employment regardless of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, citizenship, age, disability, marital status, military or veteran's status (including protected veterans, as may be required by federal law), sexual orientation, gender identity or any other category protected by law.    submit to job   send to friend   save to cart        


         disclamer help international privacy policies       legal and privacy caution concerning forward-looking statements sitemap contact us shop  © time warner 2014. all rights reserved.      



