



job application for software engineer at linode






















          apply now
        
software engineer

        at linode
      

        philadelphia, pa
      


linode is looking for software engineers to help us build our public cloud! 
linode is looking for software engineers to help us build public facing apis and open source single page apps used by customers like dark sky, the onion and developers like you around the world. these systems are used to manage hundreds of thousands of linodes running in our global datacenter network.
if that sounds exciting, then linode may be the place for you. 
our work environment fosters innovative solutions, rapid development cycles and open communication. because our core technologies are linux-based, familiarity with linux is a big plus.
we're a closely knit team with a focus on agile development and innovative solutions. we encourage and reward curiosity, ingenuity, and technical excellence. if you enjoy working on ambitious projects that have a big impact, you'll enjoy working at linode!
technologies
you don’t have to have experience with all of these, but you should have experience with some of them and an interest to learn others

python, pip, virtualenv, pytest, flask, sqlalchemy
javascript (es6 / es7), react, redux, mocha, chai, karma, enzyme
webpack, babel, eslint
html5, css3, sass, bootstrap
perl, c, bash
debian architecture and packaging, linux virtualization and containers, qemu
git, jenkins, docker, salt, nginx, uwsgi

must haves:

3+ years experience in software development
educated views on technology and software design to bring to the table
experience with automated testing
a love for linux

nice-to-haves:

bachelor's degree in computer science or related field 
contributions to open source projects as well as your own projects 
systems architecture and design skills
api design experience
comfort maintaining live production systems
build and deployment automation experience
experience in a hosting environment or other iaas or saas provider

work with us

philadelphia office: we’ll be moving our hq to one of the coolest tech buildings in philly in q1 2018; join us on n3rd street! (https://www.linode.com/press/linode-buys-real-world-bank-for-phila-office) 
flexible work hours: we have flexible start times and a very generous paid time off package.
unbelievable benefits: we provide comprehensive health insurance, 401(k) contributions, a profit- sharing program, and pension plans.
monthly wellness reimbursements: up to $100 towards gym memberships, diet plans, massages, etc.
a macbook pro: to use around the office and at home.
free hosting service: take advantage of some linode service - we’ll pick up the tab.
linode lunch: what goes better with technology than food? nothing.  we bring in a catered lunch every week.
competitive salary: it all begins with fair compensation. we believe in paying people well and rewarding those who go the extra mile. 

founded in 2003, linode is a leading cloud hosting provider with 600,000 customers worldwide served out of eight global data centers. linode invests heavily in its people and has set the bar for excellence in the cloud hosting industry. our customer service, development, ops, hardware, marketing, and documentation teams are all part of making linode the most simple, powerful and reliable hosting provider. this industry moves fast, but we’re committed to hiring the kind of people who can stay a step ahead and keep us - and themselves - at the top.







apply for this job

* required
        


first name *



last name *



email *



phone *




              location (city)
                *




resume/cv *


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 














cover letter *


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 

















what position are you applying for? *






linkedin profile
    





github profile
    





website
    





how did you hear about this job? *






what is the highest level of education you have completed? *



please selecthigh school
technical school
some college
2 year college or associates degree
bachelors degree
masters degree
doctorate
other


if you received a degree, what was your major? if you selected 'other' please explain.
    






if not within commuting distance, are you willing to relocate? *



--
yes
no


how many relevant years of experience do you have? *






what makes you want to work for linode? *







why did you leave your last employer or why do you want to leave your current employer? *







what is/are your preferred language(s)? *






please briefly describe your experience with the technologies required for this position. *







describe one of your most technically interesting accomplishments, either personally or professionally.  *







what is your desired salary range? *






are you legally authorized to work in the united states? *



--
yes
no


will you now or in the future require sponsorship for employment visa status (e.g. h-1b visa status)? *



--
yes
no




u.s. equal opportunity employment information (completion is voluntary)


  individuals seeking employment at linode are considered without regards
  to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical
  or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation. you are
  being given the opportunity to provide the following information in order to help us
  comply with federal and state equal employment opportunity/affirmative action record
  keeping, reporting, and other legal requirements.


  completion of the form is entirely voluntary. whatever your decision,
  it will not be considered in the hiring process or thereafter. any information that you
  do provide will be recorded and maintained in a confidential file.


gender
please selectmale
female
decline to self identify


are you hispanic/latino?
please selectyes
no
decline to self identify


please identify your race
please selectamerican indian or alaskan native
asian
black or african american
hispanic or latino
white
native hawaiian or other pacific islander
two or more races
decline to self identify


      race & ethnicity definitions


  if you believe you belong to any of the categories of protected veterans listed below,
  please indicate by making the appropriate selection.  as a government contractor
  subject to vietnam era veterans readjustment assistance act (vevraa), we request this
  information in order to measure the effectiveness of the outreach and positive
  recruitment efforts we undertake pursuant to vevraa. classification of protected
  categories is as follows:


  a "disabled veteran" is one of the following: a veteran of the u.s. military, ground,
  naval or air service who is entitled to compensation (or who but for the receipt of
  military retired pay would be entitled to compensation) under laws administered by the
  secretary of veterans affairs; or a person who was discharged or released from active
  duty because of a service-connected disability.


  a "recently separated veteran" means any veteran during the three-year period beginning
  on the date of such veteran's discharge or release from active duty in the u.s.
  military, ground, naval, or air service.


  an "active duty wartime or campaign badge veteran" means a veteran who served on active
  duty in the u.s. military, ground, naval or air service during a war, or in a campaign
  or expedition for which a campaign badge has been authorized under the laws
  administered by the department of defense.


  an "armed forces service medal veteran" means a veteran who, while serving on active
  duty in the u.s. military, ground, naval or air service, participated in a united
  states military operation for which an armed forces service medal was awarded pursuant
  to executive order 12985.


veteran status
please selecti am not a protected veteran
i identify as one or more of the classifications of a protected veteran
i don't wish to answer



form cc-305
omb control number 1250-0005
expires 1/31/2020

voluntary self-identification of disability
why are you being asked to complete this form?

  because we do business with the government, we must reach out to, hire, and provide
  equal opportunity to qualified people with disabilities1.  to help us
  measure how well we are doing, we are asking you to tell us if you have a disability or
  if you ever had a disability.  completing this form is voluntary, but we hope that you
  will choose to fill it out.  if you are applying for a job, any answer you give will be
  kept private and will not be used against you in any way.


  if you already work for us, your answer will not be used against you in any way.
  because a person may become disabled at any time, we are required to ask all of our
  employees to update their information every five years.  you may voluntarily
  self-identify as having a disability on this form without fear of any punishment
  because you did not identify as having a disability earlier.

how do i know if i have a disability?

  you are considered to have a disability if you have a physical or mental impairment or
  medical condition that substantially limits a major life activity, or if you have a
  history or record of such an impairment or medical condition.

disabilities include, but are not limited to:

blindness
deafness
cancer
diabetes
epilepsy
autism
cerebral palsy
hiv/aids
schizophrenia
muscular dystrophy
bipolar disorder
major depression
multiple sclerosis (ms)
missing limbs or partially missing limbs
post-traumatic stress disorder (ptsd)
obsessive compulsive disorder
impairments requiring the use of a wheelchair
intellectual disability (previously called mental retardation)


disability status
please selectyes, i have a disability (or previously had a disability)
no, i don't have a disability
i don't wish to answer

reasonable accommodation notice

  federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified
  individuals with disabilities. please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation
  to apply for a job or to perform your job.  examples of reasonable accommodation
  include making a change to the application process or work procedures, providing
  documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using
  specialized equipment.


1section 503 of the rehabilitation act of 1973, as amended.  for more
  information about this form or the equal employment obligations of federal contractors,
  visit the u.s. department of labor's office of federal contract compliance programs
  (ofccp) website at www.dol.gov/ofccp.


  public burden statement:  according to the paperwork reduction act of 1995 no persons
  are required to respond to a collection of information unless such collection displays
  a valid omb control number. this survey should take about 5 minutes to complete.








 



share this job:    













powered by 

 
      read our privacy policy
















