



software engineer















































honeywell careers





chinese (simplified)
czech (czech republic)
dutch (the netherlands)
english (us)
french (canada)
french (france)
german (germany)
portuguese (brazil)
spanish (spain)
create a profile|log in







 











yes
no


















show details













apply now

terms of use





                    refer job:
                        









 add to saved jobs






back




software engineer
innovate to solve the world's most important challenges
be part of a team that designs, develops and integrates highly complex software functions within honeywell's performance materials & technologies team.  you will be an active and integral member of a team to achieve the completion of goals. you will also generate innovative solutions in work situations; trying different and novel ways to deal with problems and opportunities.use your fresh new skill set to provide value added features to our customers.accelerate innovation and growth, teaming with the world's most talented engineers.we invite you to discover for yourself why a career with honeywell is the opportunity you've been looking for!



50
requirements and design


50
software architecture and coding















you must havebachelors degree in engineering or computer scienceat least 2+ years of hands-on software engineering experience with c#/.net technologieswe valueunderstanding various software development lifecyclesfront-end development experience with javascript, html, and csssome experience with c++.  demonstrate the ability to develop efficient and high quality softwareknowledge of software configuration management and change management practicesdiverse and global teaming and collaborationeffective communicatorcan quickly analyze, incorporate and apply new information and conceptsability to consistently make timely decisions even in the face of complexity, balancing systematic analysis with decisivenessability to convey subtle or complex messages clearly, as appropriate for the topic and audiencesome relevant experience working as an applications engineer



exempt

how honeywell is connecting the world
includes

continued professional development
relocation provided
some travel required

additional information
job id: hrd6232 category: engineering location: ., fort washington, pa 19034-3264 usa 
honeywell is an equal opportunity employer. qualified applicants will be considered without regard to age, race, creed, color, national origin, ancestry, marital status, affectional or sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability, nationality, sex, or veteran status.







send to a friend










  
                                    please wait...






email this job ad to your friend(s) by adding their email address(es) along with your details to the field below:   *separate each recipient email address with a comma.

recipient email address(es):
                                            
                         
                

your first name:
 
                                                                                    
                

your last name:
                                              
                          
                
select which language the email should be sent in.

language:

chinese (simplified)
czech (czech republic)
dutch (the netherlands)
english (us)
french (canada)
french (france)
german (germany)
portuguese (brazil)
spanish (spain)





send


















 










						this job opening is already listed as one of your interests. you cannot add the same job opening to your list of interests more than one time.

to see your list of interests, navigate to the application status tab within my profile
					

























account warning













log in
cancel
ok


















honeywell is an equal opportunity employer. qualified applicants will be considered without regard to age, race, creed, color, national origin, ancestry, marital status, affectional or sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability, nationality, sex, religion, or veteran status.
for more information on applicable equal employment regulations, refer to the  eeo is the law poster . 
please refer to the eeo is the law supplement poster & the pay transparency policy.
if a disability prevents you from applying for a job through our website, request assistance here. no other requests will be acknowledged.
terms & conditions | privacy statement
© 2017 honeywell international inc.









