





enterprise software developer - philadelphia, pa - flynn o'hara uniforms jobs









 














home
jobs




enterprise software developer - philadelphia, pa

toggle navigation








enterprise software developer 

jobslogin 











 information technology (it) philadelphia, pa, usa $75k to $100k commensurate with experience salary full time 

 medical, dental, hsa with company contribution, 401k with company match, company paid life insurance policy, employee discount, paid holidays and pto time.


email me similar jobs email me this job



flynno'hara uniforms, founded in 1972 is the largest privately-owned supplier and retailer of high-quality school uniforms, medical attire and gym wear. we are family owned-and-operated, servicing over 500,000 students from 1600 schools across the united states each year.  flynno'hara uniforms is based in philadelphia, pa with 31 retail locations up and down the east coast, and a growing ecommerce platform.  our company places fundamental emphasis on the importance of relationships and we pride ourselves on the longstanding dedication of our family of employees.
we are currently looking for a self-motivated enterprise software developer to join our family and assist our it team.  our work environment is one that is centered-around team work, allowing everyone's talents to flourish.  we offer a competitive benefit package that includes medical, dental, hsa with company contribution, 401k with company match, company paid life insurance policy, paid holidays and pto time.
the ideal candidate should possess critical thinking and problem solving skills as a developer on diverse projects with multi-faceted role in the areas of design, installation, testing and software systems maintenance. this full-time position offers an opportunity to join the rapidly expanding retail uniform business with responsibilities that include, but are not limited to:
responsibilities:

evaluate, assess and recommend software and hardware solutions.
develop software, architecture, specifications and technical interfaces.
develop user interfaces and client displays.
design, initiate and handle technical designs and complex application features.
develop, deliver and test software prototypes.
assist software personnel in handling ongoing tasks as required.
build flexible date models and seamless integration points.
innovate and develop high-value technology solutions to streamline processes.
initiate and drive major changes in programs, procedures and methodology.
coordinate with other developers and software professionals.

qualifications:

bachelor's degree or equivalent in computer science, computer information systems or related disciplines.
candidate should be proficient with .net microsoft c#, visual basic, have a familiarity with database design, winforms, mvc, web api, javascript, css, html and xmal.
seasoned developer with proven experience in building scaled applications on .net/mvs/sql/api and legacy systems.
experience with inventory management, warehouse distribution and pos applications.
must have the ability to interact with all levels of management, including executives, retail area and district managers. 
clear verbal and written communication required.
extremely organized, proactive and professional.


flynn o'hara uniforms
https://flynnohara.applicantpro.com






apply now



you have javascript disabled on your browser. you will not be able to apply for this position without enabling javascript. if you need assistance with enabling javascript, please click here for assistance.





 

* fields are required




what is your full name?




first name



last name





how can we contact you?


email





phone number



number type

home
cell
work






what is your preferred method of communication?


email
text message






apply for this position
apply for this position
by clicking the button above, i agree to applicantpro's applicant information use policy. 






sign up for job alerts!








resources


welcome to flynn & o'hara uniforms, inc. 


share this page







 


 


hiring software maintained by applicantpro - © 2017



refresh




 
 
 
 







go
common questions




























