




big data presales engineer - vertica description at microfocus






















skip navigation



work with us, doing what you do best.
        


search jobs


keyword search



location




search radius
miles
5 miles
15 miles
25 miles
35 miles
50 miles



search






big data presales engineer - vertica
apply
job id 7001184
date posted 10/21/2017
location  new york, united states
schedule full time
shift no shift premium (united states of america)
do you want to work with an industry leading mpp analytics platform founded by turing award winner dr. michael stonebraker with customers such as facebook, uber, at&t, cerner, dreamworks, and intuit?join our dynamic sales engineering team who are responsible for breaking down the technical barriers adopting the vertica platform and focused on being the trusted advisor to our customers.you are a self-starter and love solving challenging data, analytics, or machine learning problems in a customer facing position. you will partner with a world class engineering and sales team, wear many hats, and make an immediate impact. you will be a hands-on customer facing technologist and not just be doing slideware.responsibilities:- communicate and demonstrate the vertica story, vision, and technology to prospects and customers- work hands-on with prospects and customers to show value throughout the sales cycle, from demo to proof of concept to solution architecture to customer success- continuously learn quickly evolving technologies such as hadoop, spark, cloud (aws, azure, gcp), machine learning - become the voice of our customers internally and collaborate cross-functionally to continuously improveessential qualifications:- bachelor's degree in a technical area or equivalent practical experience- ability to develop strong relationships with key decision makers & influencers within an organization- experience with databases or big data technologies- experience in a customer facing role- experience presenting to both technical and executive audiences, whether impromptu on a white-board or using presentations and demos- hands-on, technical, problem solver- have the chops to learn new technologies quickly in the dynamic big data and analytics space
eeo micro focus is eeo f/m/protected veteran/ individual with disabilities. micro focus will comply with all applicable laws related to the use of arrest and conviction records, including the san francisco fair chance ordinance and similar laws and will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories.
apply


more information


share this job

email
linkedin
twitter
facebook
google+


                   linkedin
                





view this location on a map





what's micro focus like:

want to learn more about micro focus? visit our youtube channel to see more videos.










we have been made aware of people posing as micro focus recruiters or part of the human resources team and making contact about job opportunities and extending job offers via text message, instant message or chat rooms. these job postings and offers are fraudulent and these people are in no way affiliated with micro focus. read more

beware of recruiters that ask candidates to submit unusual personal information like a copy of your driver’s license, bank statements or utility bills, pay a fee in order to be considered for a job, or pay “start-up expenses” after being hired. micro focus does not require candidates to make any type of payment to them as part of the recruitment process or job offer. the federal trade commission, the united states’ consumer protection agency, has online resources for detecting job scams.
positions posted on our career site are legitimate. if you find a micro focus posting on a site other than our careers site and would like to verify its legitimacy before applying you can visit https://jobs.microfocus.com/ and search for the requisition number or by emailing us at careers@microfocus.com.
    if you think you have responded to a fraudulent job posting or been a victim of this scam, you are encouraged to report it to your local law enforcement and to the internet crime complaint center for further investigation.



sign up for job alerts
email addressinterested insearch for a category, location, or category/location pair, select a term from the suggestions and click “add”categorylocationaddsales, new york, united statesremoveremove

confirm email










402
jobs currently available at micro focus


linkedin job matching
with just one click and a connection with linkedin, you can receive job listings that best match your profile.
start matching







micro focus blog
[search jobs at suse]

follow us on:

youtube
linkedin
twitter
facebook
glassdoor












