the meet group - senior software engineer - apisenior software engineer - apigreater philadelphia areaengineeringfull-timeapply for this jobthe meet group is looking for a senior software engineer to design and build restful apis that are focused on consistency, flexibility, and performance using the open-sourced monocle api framework for node.js.responsibilitiesapis are critical for our web, mobile web, android, and ios apps. we're committed to delivering consistent, flexible, and performant apis that unblock feature teams. the monocle api framework, developed in-house and open-sourced from day 1 gives us the power to develop restful apis quickly with advanced features like property filtering, automated documentation, and restful standards.the meet group is looking for a senior software engineer to design, build, and maintain restful apis to allow our various apps across all platforms to be expanded with new functionality. the role involves collaborating with engineers across the web and mobile teams to ensure newly developed apis are designed appropriately according to the technical needs of the various platforms.additionally, the senior software engineer will collaborate with dbas, product managers, and designers to ensure that the technical and product requirements are understood and achievable.requirementsyou are our ideal candidate if you:-design and maintain restful apis. -love to work with node.js (es2015) and php 7.-prefer test-driven development (tdd) over manual testing. -are collaborative with android and ios engineers. -are mindful of forwards- and backwards-compatibility. -prefer clean interfaces over clever implementations. -write reusable / open-sourced code. -have a bachelor's degree or relevant experience.about the meet groupthe meet group, inc. |  nasdaq: meet | as the leading social network for meeting new people in the us, and the public market leader for social discovery, our mission is to improve our members’ lives by introducing them to fun and interesting people who share their passions, interests, and ideals. the meet group's products include meetme, skout, tagged, and hi5. the meet group is based in new hope, pa with offices in philadelphia and san francisco.the meet group is an equal opportunity employer. we value diversity at our company. we do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, or marital, veteran, or disability status.#090717 ifwe meetme skout tagged hi5 ind123apply for this jobthe meet group home pagejobs powered by 