


        associate software developer -        saggezza -         job board
    

























 






view our website



view all jobs















saggezza is a global technology services company that provides consulting, systems integration, and outsourcing solutions. the word “saggezza is derived from the latin word “sa*ga*cious” (insightful, wise, farsighted) and is representative of our firm’s character and strengths. our mission is to be the trusted technology services partner of the world’s leading corporations.  



associate software developer


chicago, il                    

full time                

entry level                


















associate software developer
***the selected candidate will need to be able to work full-time starting january 2018***
saggezza is seeking a qualified, passionate and energetic individuals to join our team as an associate software developer on our software engineering team. qualified candidates will have a good understanding and hands on experience in web application development and web services. they should also have strong understanding of sdlc, as well as have experience in application deployment, knows code coverage and writing unit test cases. the ideal candidate would be able to take on challenges and work with employees of various levels.
essential skills:

~0-5 years of java programming experience
excellent analytical and problem solving skills
strong object oriented programming concepts
good verbal and written communications skills
hands on experience in java 6, 7 or 8 with good working knowledge of json, spring, hibernate frameworks
should have worked on rest services and web scale projects
very strong programming skills – should be able to write optimized, modular code
ability to work independently and proactive

good to have:

knowledge of micro services architecture
banking or financial technology domain experience

about saggezza
we're a global technology service provider recruiting top talents in the technology field like you! saggezza is a global solutions provider with deep links and insights into the technologies shaping the next generation of business. we help ambitious businesses unlock the power of their enterprise data to accelerate growth and uncover opportunities. we offer a comprehensive benefits package including medical, dental and vision coverage, unemployment and disability insurance, basic life, health savings and flex spending account options, workers compensation, great vacation package, and 401k.
saggezza, inc. is an equal employment opportunity employer. we believe in treating each employee and applicant for employment fairly and with dignity. we base our employment decisions on merit, experience, and potential, without regard to race, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, age, religion, disability, veteran status, or any other characteristic prohibited by federal, state or local law.

read more



apply for position








            apply for this position        
required*



apply with linkedin







apply with indeed









first name*



last name*



email address*



address
















phone*



resume*

attach resume
                    or
                    paste resume



                        attach resume as .pdf, .doc, or .docx (limit 2mb) or
                        paste resume


 




                            paste your resume here or
                            attach resume file









cover letter*



in 150 characters or fewer, tell us what makes you unique. try to be creative and say something that will catch our eye!*

150



submit application














×close
forward this position





recipient email address (one)



your name



your email address



enter a message (optional)
the message cannot contain links




human check*




















powered by















