









career center




































new search
                       
                    


login page
                       
                    














position details

























 



campus: software developer (2018 start)




optiver department


it




location


chicago




apply now
title: campus: software developer (2018 start)
location: chicago
in an industry where one bug can cost six-figures, striving for perfection is crucial. clean, well-tested, understandable code is far more important than clever tricks. as a member of our software development team, you will be given immediate responsibility writing code that matters. our teams are highly collaborative, striving to find the right solution with a long-term view. you will strengthen your engineering skills by working closely with senior developers and earn more responsibility and autonomy as you grow. at optiver, your software development skills will be taken to another level in a dynamic and highly competitive industry.
who we are:
optiver’s story began over 30 years ago, when we started business as a single trader on the floor of amsterdam’s options exchange. today, we are at the forefront of trading and technology as a leading global electronic market maker, focused on pricing, execution and risk management. with over 1,000 employees globally and 200 in our chicago office, our mission to improve the market unites us.
what you’ll need:
•   completing or working towards a bs/ms in computer science or related technical field
•   knowledge of algorithms, data structures, multiprocessing, and clean coding principles
•   experience coding in c++, c#, c or java
•   desire to work together with developers, traders and business operations on a daily basis
•   excitement to learn options trading and apply this knowledge toward well-crafted solutions to trading problems. 
•   legal authorization to work in the u.s. is required; we will not sponsor individuals for employment authorization for this job opening
what you'll get:
25 days paid vacation, paid commuting expenses up to the maximum allowable amount, attractive bonus structure, training opportunities, generous 401k company match, fully paid health insurance premiums, free catered breakfast, lunch, snacks and beverages daily, complimentary in-house barista, weekly in-house chair massages, casual dress, game room and more!

back
email
apply now



























