



job application for software development engineer in test at trunk club





















          apply now
        
software development engineer in test

        at trunk club
      
(view all jobs)

        chicago, il
      


working for trunk club
when you join trunk club, you join the nordstrom family. our fast-paced and entrepreneurial environment is paired with the strong history and experience of a retail legacy. we have access to some of the greatest minds in retail and technology and are constantly creating innovative strategies to develop the ultimate apparel solutions. we welcome your adaptability, your curiosity, and your passion to contribute to our unparalleled shopping experience! 
who we are
at trunk club, we're building the future of retail, enabled through technology. we have a strong culture of  curiosity and collaboration. the quality team works hand-in-hand with the other engineering teams and the rest of the business to build technology that helps scale, support, and enable the business to succeed. in this role, you will design creative technical solutions to quality challenges and evangelize quality processes. you’ll see languages and technologies like java, selenium, ruby, javascript, sinatra, sidekiq, swift, python, es6, react, postgres, redis, and kafka.
responsibilities

document defects and test cases; maintain test assets.
design and write automated tests to validate functional, system, performance, and integration requirements.
research and design test strategies for new and existing feature work.
contribute to and maintain suite of test tools.
work closely with development,engineering, product, operations, and infrastructure teams to maintain high-quality products using automation infrastructure and frameworks.

how we work

with others. we have pairing stations where engineers often work together, as well as a jamboard for collaborating on architecture solutions.


with transparency. we have an open team room. no cubicles, no private offices.


with agility. we don’t believe in following a process for process’s sake. we ship frequently and focus on delivering incremental value.


with open minds. we are committed to building a diverse team of people with unique perspectives. this encourages a healthy and inclusive environment that builds a more sustainable, successful company.


with pride. we value our people most of all. we invest in ourselves by applying our own strengths and interests to company needs.

a few of our perks

lunch-and learns
annual stipend for continuous education
tech all-hands lunches every other friday
hack days
team outings
nordstrom discount
flexible work environment
social environment with built-in bars

who you are

a teacher. you’re able to mentor your peers and help our team grow.
a learner. you have an insatiable thirst for knowledge and greater understanding.
a pragmatist. your goal is to create useful products, not build technology for technology’s sake.
an entrepreneur. you’re truly invested  in the success of the business.

physical demands
the physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. while performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to talk or hear. the employee is required to frequently stand; walk; use hands and fingers, reach with hands and arms.







apply for this job

* required
        


first name *



last name *



email *



phone *



resume/cv *


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 














cover letter


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 

















linkedin profile
    





website
    





how did you hear about this job? *






are you legally authorized to permanently work and live in the united states? *



--
yes
no


will you now or in the future require sponsorship to work in the united states? *



--
yes
no


are you looking to work remotely or in chicago? *



please selectremote
chicago


what are your compensation expectations? *












 



share this job:    













powered by 

 
      read our privacy policy



















