



adage technologies careers - entry level developer



























 










                                                    adage technologies careers                                            







                entry level developer
    
    

                            development            
                    chicago,
                            illinois
                
                        



        apply
    


description

                adage technologies is a web design and development firm in downtown chicago that specializes in building web, ecommerce and mobile solutions. we are a team of strategic, creative, and technical professionals who partner with our clients to solve business problems and meet meaningful goals. it’s our team-oriented approach that truly drives us to win awards, work with prestigious clients and break ground with exciting new technology. we're looking for entry level developers to join our team in summer 2018. as a developer at adage, you would be part of a scrum team, collaborating with teammates and the client on a variety of web application development projects for the entire sdlc.  because our teams are small, it is easy for your influence to be felt through the code you write and the ideas you bring to the table.  the work is exciting, but challenging.  you will make mistakes, but as long as you’re learning, improving, and committed to your teammates, that is alright by us.we work in c# with the asp.net framework, but you do not need experience with either to apply. we are looking for humble, hard-working programmers who have a strong oop background and experience with c-based languages. what you’ll be doing:developing complex web applications, software and mobile applicationsutilizing asp.net, c#, visual studio, mvc and web formsusing client-side technologies like javascript, angular.js, react.js, ajax and html5 to enhance application featuresdesigning and creating data modelsmaintaining existing web applications for current clientsconstantly improving your own skills and sharing new knowledge with our teamwe want someone who: has a bs in computer science (or comparable experience)has a strong command of either c#, java, c++ or another c-based programming languagehas experience with web technologies like html/css, javascript, and js frameworksenjoys problem solving and has a desire to work with clientshas an excellent fundamental understanding of programming concepts and methodsis passionate about their work, motivated to learn and constantly looking to improveis extremely organized and proactive. you will likely work on several projects at onceasp.net experience a plus but not required




        apply
    

        apply later    


            ← back to current openings        




share





linkedin




facebook




twitter




email






similar jobs





                                    {{ job.title }}
                                












powered by jobvite









