





software developer - chicago, il - group one trading jobs









 














home
jobs




software developer - chicago, il

toggle navigation








software developer 

jobslogin 











 05-sep-2017 to 31-dec-2017 (cst) development chicago, il, usa full time 



email me similar jobs email me this job



we are seeking highly-motivated software developers who are passionate about building great systems. we believe that designing thoughtful and consistent infrastructure yields exceptional, maintainable systems that enable agility from design and implementation through deployment. we desire candidates with strong problem-solving, critical thinking and communication skills as well as excellent programming chops.
the focus of this position will be the hands-on development of new features for our options market making system built on the .net platform using c#. the system has enough variety to challenge and interest anyone an information-dense user interface, a high-throughput, low latency parallel computational core, server components, interfaces to exchanges, market data sources, and execution systems. the ideal candidate will be able to contribute at all levels of the application stack.
requirements:

bs or ms in computer science, computer engineering, or a related technical field
2 4 years of experience as software developer, or a related occupation
proficiency in a c-style object-oriented programming language; c# preferred
solid understanding of concurrency, parallelism and synchronization
experience with performance analysis and optimization in a managed environment, including algorithmic efficiency, memory allocation, and garbage collection
experience with relational database programming, including experience working with an object relational mapping library such as entity framework or nhibernate
ability to effectively communicate and collaborate with colleagues across different functional units and locations

desired skills:

passion for writing efficient and clean code
experience writing automated unit tests
ability to quickly learn new technologies and apis
enthusiasm for adopting agile software development practices

about group one:
group one is a leading specialist and market maker in equity options. with over 25 years since our founding, group one has grown into one of the largest, privately held options trading firms in the united states. we maintain a floor presence in chicago, new york, san francisco and philadelphia and we have specialist posts in new york and chicago. our traders provide competitive liquidity across a broad range of securities by managing portfolios of several hundred issues and simultaneously streaming quotes across multiple exchanges. our software development team provides a diverse set of software for electronic trading, quoting, and trade analysis that is the lifeblood of our business.
we offer competitive compensation including a performance-based bonus and comprehensive benefits, paid vacation, fresh fruit and snacks daily, casual dress environment, social events, and more! our development team is located in our new york and chicago offices.

group one trading
https://group1.applicantpro.com






apply now



you have javascript disabled on your browser. you will not be able to apply for this position without enabling javascript. if you need assistance with enabling javascript, please click here for assistance.





 

* fields are required




what is your full name?




first name



last name





how can we contact you?


email





phone number



number type

home
cell
work






what is your preferred method of communication?


email
text message






apply for this position
apply for this position
by clicking the button above, i agree to applicantpro's applicant information use policy. 






sign up for job alerts!








resources


employee referral portalgroup one trading website 


share this page







 


 


hiring software maintained by applicantpro - © 2017



refresh




 
 
 
 







go
common questions
























