





		software developer - careers at clarity partners	



























career opportunities with clarity partners
a great place to work.









careers at clarity partners



share with friends or subscribe!





 





current job opportunities are posted here as they become available.
subscribe to our rss feeds to receive instant updates as new positions become available.







		    back to openings		    





clarity partners, llc is a privately held full-service management and technology consulting firm. we were founded in chicago, il in 2004 on the principle of providing big firm consulting best practices with the innovation, efficiency, and personal attention typically found in smaller firms. inc. magazine has named us one of the fastest-growing companies in america for the last five years and we’ve been a crain’s fast 50 company for two years in a row. we’ve also won numerous awards for “best places to work” as well as recognition awards for our work, our diversity and our commitment to our community. our people and our culture are the foundation of everything we do. if you’re interested in working in a dynamic collaborative culture, we’re interested in you.
software developer

 location:
chicago, il
 employee type:
regular full time 
start your application
software developer
we are looking for a software developer who will participate in the design, development, testing, and support of software applications.
key responsibilities:

excellent communication skills and the ability to work both independently and within a team
understand and modify existing code methodical and systematic approach to development and troubleshooting
translate technical specifications into working code and solve complex problems with consideration of the end user experience

requirements & preferred skills:

2-5 years of relevant experience
strong knowledge of one or more of these platforms:  asp.net / c#,  java j2ee, ruby on rails, angular js css
bachelor’s degree in computer science, information systems, or mis
knowledge of data structures and understanding of database transactions


start your applicationor 





clarity partners, llc is an equal employment opportunity employer.we believe in treating each employee and applicant for employment fairly and with dignity. we base our employment decisions on merit, experience, and potential, without regard to race, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, age, religion, disability, veteran status, or any other characteristic prohibited by federal, state or local law.
 
 visit our home page © 2017 clarity partners 

applicant tracking system powered by 

















