











full-stack software developer  – mintel careers: why work for us | mintel.com

































































 

current openings
testimonials
our values
life at mintel
our offices
contact us





















  full-stack software developer   















location







                                                                    chicago, illinois                                
                            


date posted
7th december 2017
category


it




job type


full-time




requisition id

396






description



mintel is looking for a talented entry-level software developer to join the it team in chicago. joining an established team, the candidate will be redeveloping marketing intelligence websites that are used by most of the largest cpg companies and financial services institutions in the us and canada, as well as the data entry and quality assurance systems which power it.
responsibilities:

participate in planning activities with the product owner and other stakeholders.
develop features for our client-facing website and data entry software.
demo software to stakeholders and record their feedback.
participate in testing and other quality assurance activities.
manage the deployment of new features to beta and live environments.
contribute to continuous improvement activities.

benefits:

join a diverse, high-functioning scrum team who enjoy great relationships with their product owner and stakeholders.
exposure to our full software stack, using primarily open-source software.
a culture that fosters entrepreneurial spirit.
influence the direction of your team through continuous improvement activities.
collaborate with your team in an agile open workspace, or retreat to one of our quiet areas when you need to focus on individual tasks.
intensive pairing activities to get you up to speed quickly with our technology stack.
generous health insurance, vacation time, and 401k matching.
access to recreational activities such as ping-pong, shuffleboard, on-site gym and regular social events.

experience and skills:

stem degree or equivalent experience coupled with a proven ability to solve problems with code.
1-5 years of experience (academic or professional) of software development.
ability to learn and adapt to new technology platforms.
experience in web technologies, python, and posix-based systems is beneficial but not required.
desire to work in a highly collaborative environment and participate fully in agile software development processes.
aptitude for identifying and solving problems, both technical and organizational.
desire to enhance your development capabilities with some of the skills of a sysadmin, tester and dba.

mintel does not offer sponsorship for this particular role, and so at this time, we are only able to consider candidates who do not have limitations in their ability to work in the united states long-term. 
equal opportunity employer: race/color/sex/sexual orientation/gender identity/religion/national origin/disability/vets





submit application





apply


                            your name                            * 

 



                            your e-mail address                            * 

 



                            message                                                    

 



                            attachments                                                    





upload file ...


limit reached, delete at least one file above to add more.
             
































 
mintel has given me numerous opportunities to get involved in all aspects of the growing business in asia pacific. every year my role in mintel has morphed in some way to suit and match the direction in which the business is developing and that has given me invaluable experience and learnings both personally and professionally.
lee ann fagan
head of account management, south apac a few insider tips to help you nail an interview our talent acquisition team has over 40 years of combined professional recruitment experience. here are our top ten tips to help you nail an interview.

read more

life at mintel we most certainly work hard – we play hard too, ensuring your work/life balance stays… 
well, balanced.

find out more

contact our recruitment team 



megan zelaskiewicz 

      talent acquisition director - north and south america
      
      chicago 





sarah loffredo 

      corporate recruiter
      
      chicago 





simon hollowood

      talent acquisition director - europe, middle east and africa
      
      london 





july zhuang 

      assistant talent acquisition director - asia pacific
      
      shanghai 





lauren bodell 

      corporate recruiter
      
      london









jobs by function



            admin        



            finance and accounting        



            hr        



            it        



            marketing        



            operations        



            product development        



            research        



            sales        


jobs by region 
americas
emea
apac 

follow us 
 twitter
 linkedin
 google+
 facebook
 youtube

interview tips 
our talent acquisition team has over 40 years of combined professional recruitment experience. here are our top ten tips to help you nail an interview.read more 






						© 2016 mintel group ltd. | privacy policy | legal | cookie use 





























