





job details – akuna capital






























 














your career
the team
our culture
get in touch
 






 










your career
the team
our culture
get in touch



























 

python junior developerchicago, il




























 

python junior developerchicago, il




































we are seeking python junior developers to join our innovative and growing technology team at akuna.  in this role you will work alongside our trading and software team to design and implement elegant solutions to complex and interesting problems.
what you’ll do as a junior developer at akuna:
junior developers at akuna have the opportunity to use cutting-edge technology while working on high performance/low latency systems. we offer a team-based approach to trading and software engineering, believing that productive integration of the two groups is vital for success in this industry.  akuna loves junior developers who are self-starters and have the ability to work without a constant need for guidance. we value innovation and hard work, and want you to make an impact in the firm, even as a junior member. whether you are interested in trading infrastructure, algorithms, exchange gateways, performance engineering, hardware, data capture and analysis, or front-end user interfaces, there’s work to be done. if you are excited to jump in and make an immediate difference in a rapidly growing company, akuna could be the place for you. 
the python teams work on a wide variety of projects ranging from quantitative analysis and data mining to proto-typing and simulation to web development, data visualization and trading sub-systems. python is a high level and extremely versatile language that akuna leverages to rapidly develop and deploy applications that have a direct impact on our trading environment.
qualities that make great candidates:

pursuing a bs/ms/ phd in computer science, engineering, math, physics or related field
strong programming skills in python
demonstrated experience with distributed systems
strong analytic and problem-solving skills
ability to communicate with the trading team, obtain requirements, find solutions and implement them in a clean and concise way
create an easily understood and testable codebase that can change as quickly as market conditions require
passion for innovation and building systems from the ground up
ability to adapt to an ever-changing environment
self-starter attitude with the ability to work independently
major gpa of 3.0 or above
location: chicago, ildepartment: developmentapply now

































the new wavein tech and trading
akuna capital headquarters
333 south wabash avenue
26th floor
chicago, il 60604








all rights reserved © akuna capital






























