software engineer - kapowsoftware engineertechnologychicago, il, united stateswho you areare you looking for a career that helps you grow and recognize your goals? are you interested making an immediate impact and contributing to strategic goals?are you searching for an exciting opportunity that fits your lifestyle? if so, this is a rare opportunity you should know about. many are looking for this opportunity...and we have it! it does not come around often and not everyone is qualified, but perhaps this might be you! if this sounds interesting, read on...who we arekapow is the world's leading corporate events platform, offering unique experiences that are easy to book, drive bottom-line results and don't break the bank. simply put, we help businesses grow by giving them an unfair amount of face time with their customers, partners and teams. combining the ease of a digital marketplace with the service and expertise of a local event planner, kapow connects people with thousands of curated events in just seconds.here’s where you come in. we’re looking for talented engineers that want to be part of something big. if you’re a self-starter looking to carve out a niche at an early-stage, high-growth company, kapow is the place for you. here’s where you come in. what we offer a culture of ownership—both in attitude and equity, a fun workspace with a built-in bar, a prime chicago location on the river at wacker & wells (just steps from the cta and metra), weekly team lunches (and we take snack requests), the latest engineering tech, first-class health care, fun off-site adventures, and the best damn team out there—changing corporate events forever.tasks you’ll be jugglingdeveloping features for the kapow platform on a mac using ruby/rails, git and mysqlwriting javascript using react, redux, npm, yarn and related librariesbuilding api’sone-week sprints and you’ll be participating in all scrum activitiesyour credsrequired skills/qualifications:2+ years of relevant software engineering experiencecomfortable developing restful api’s and using jsonproficient with sql and databases like mysql, postgresql,...etc.fluent in unit testing (rspec, cucumber, or equivalent in your favorite language)an entrepreneur's soul and the ability to thrive in an agile environmentyou are a problem solver and an executornice to have:experience with ruby on railsfront-end html5/css3/javascript experienceexperience developing microservicesexperience working in cloud environment (aws ec2, s3, cloudformation)elasticsearchfamiliarity with third party api integrationsexperience with e-commerce transactions and related securityexperience developing and improving e-commerce platformsexperience with continuous integration environments and deployment tools (jenkins, travis ci)experience with distributed systemsknowledge about server/application performance optimizationremind me to apply laterclearwant to apply later?type your email address below to receive a reminderemailerrorrequired fieldcancelsend reminderapply to jobfirst nameerrorrequired fieldlast nameerrorrequired fieldemailerrorrequired fieldphone numbererrorwebsiteerrorresumeattachattachclearinsert_drive_filedeletecover letterattachattachclearinsert_drive_filedeletesubmitprivacy.terms