
software engineer - imanage | indeed.com








find jobscompany reviewsfind salariesfind resumesemployers / post job






sign in





















imanage in partnership with indeed primesoftware engineer
chicago, il
apply now








indeed prime helps talent secure top offers from leading companies
indeed prime is a free service that brings opportunities to you from our vetted network of leading companies.




  
privacy
explore job opportunities confidentially by hiding your profile from your current company.


  
stand out
receive an individual profile written by our content experts, plus interview intel from a dedicated career coach.


  
efficiency
complete one application in minutes to be considered for this job and similar ones at leading companies.


  
salary transparency
indeed prime puts you in control of salary negotiations. you set your salary range and employers give you offers up front.







job description

about imanage
imanage transforms how professionals in legal, accounting and financial services get work done by combining the power of artificial intelligence with market leading document and email management. imanage automates routine cognitive tasks, provides powerful insights and streamlines how professionals work, while maintaining the highest level of security and governance over critical client and corporate data. over one million professionals at over 3,000 organizations in over 65 countries – including more than 2,000 law firms and 500 corporate legal departments – rely on imanage to deliver great client work.
overview
seeking a software engineer with at least 2+ years of experience in software development and a bachelor’s and/or a master’s degree in computer science, information systems, bis, mis or equivalent.
required skills

solid computer science fundamentals, course work in algorithms, database systems and design, data processing, networking fundamentals and security
good proficiency in java and one other high level modern programming language like scala, python, etc.
working knowledge of linux as a development and runtime environment
experience with advanced development tools, like intellij, github, etc.
some development exposure to distributed systems, concurrency, multi-threaded programming

desired skills

knowledge and hands-on experience with any of the web-scale technologies like mesos, spark, storm
secure coding and design practices







apply via indeed prime
apply now for this job on indeed prime and you’ll also have the opportunity to be considered for similar jobs at leading companies in the indeed prime network for free.
apply now 
get immediate exposure to imanage and other top tech companies like these
























































