grantek systems integration systems engineer - new graduate | smartrecruiters

systems engineer - new graduatechicago, ilfull-timecompany descriptionnote: this position has a projected start date of may/june, 2018from concept to design to execution, be part of the team that gets everyday products to people. do you want to have an impact on creating products from today’s top brands? does having a company care about your career today and into the future motivate you? does an environment where your opinions matter excite you? are you a natural born tinkerer?  if so, you have found your next calling!grantek is a recognized leading provider of integrated automation, smart manufacturing and industrial information solutions in the global marketplace. our clients are some of the worlds most respected fortune 100 companies and recognized consumer brands: tassimo, brita, millercoors, coca-cola, kraft-heinz, to name a few. we offer an atmosphere where you can express your creative ideas and talents by working on a variety of projects and technologies. using today’s leading edge technology, you will partner with clients to solve their most complex manufacturing and industrial information problems. we offer a competitive and comprehensive compensation package, retirement matching, company paid benefits, flexible work hours, and an education/career development program. for more information on what grantek offers, visit: http://reviews.greatplacetowork.com/grantekwe are committed to providing a positive and healthy corporate culture, one that empowers employees, promotes knowledge-sharing, and encourages strong friendships and social connections amongst all team members. we are a team of dedicated engineers and designers with an average of 7 years’ tenure at grantek. the vast majority of our employees have started off their careers at grantek and have grown into successful senior team members who are integral to our client's manufacturing processes. job descriptionas a key member of grantek’s engineering team, you will be developing real-time automation solutions from the manufacturing plant floor to the enterprise level, using a variety of programming, configuration, and design tools:  plc and pac programming, operator interface and hmi application design, scada design, network design, database design, vision system design, machine safety system design, servo motion control, information solution design, mes design, erp connector development, high-level software solution design (involving c#, html5, .net, sql, vb, vba, and more). all junior team members will enter our mentoring program, where they will work directly beside our senior engineer professionals. key-skills and interests: machine and process control, high-level programming, information solutions, database development, operational efficiency, mechatronics.primary job responsibilities:engineering and implementing real-time automation controls and information solutionsconceptualizing during the design phase of the project life cyclesystem programming, debugging, and testingcreating documentation, including project engineering notes, project proposals, project design traceability documentation, case studies, and morecommissioning new solutions at client sites; finding opportunities for improvementscreating methodologies and complex problem-solvinglearning new technologiesmentoring colleagues on your expertise and knowledge basehaving fun and being challengedtechnologies used:plc programming platforms: rockwell / allen-bradley, siemens, omron, modicon, ge, etc.system networking: ethernet, routing and switching, ethernetip, devicenet, controlnet, profibus, dh+, remote io, modbus, etc.hmi platforms: rockwell / allen-bradley, wonderware, schneider electric, etc.scada platforms: rockwell / allen-bradley, inductive automation, wonderware, ge, siemens, etc.servo motion control: rockwell / allen-bradley, emerson, omron, etc.vision platforms: cognex, datalogic, keyence, etc.mes platforms: rockwell / allen-bradley, sepasoft, wonderware, etc.high-level programming: c#, html5, .net, cloud, sql, vb, vba, etc.database platforms: microsoft, oracle, etc.operating systems: microsoft (current and legacy to nt), unix, linux, etc.project documentation: microsoft officequalificationssuccessful or upcoming completion of b.sc. computer engineering, mechatronics, computer science, electrical engineering, or related engineering technology degree.academic or working experience with some or all the listed “technologies used”, in previous section.meticulous, conscientious, analytical, focused, self-starter individual, who is a quick learner.excellent communication skills – both verbal and written.valid driver’s licensehave full-time access to a personal vehiclewillingness to travel up to 50% throughout north americaadditional informationwe are committed to the principle of equal employment opportunity for all employees and to provide grantekians with a work environment free of discrimination and harassment. i'm interestedi'm interestedrefer a friendposted byashley winslowshare this jobpowered by