






















	careers at omnicell



















skip to navigation





site 'primary' navigation:solutionspharmacynursingperioperativematerials managementlong-term careinformation technologyhealthcare executivesproductscentral pharmacy automation systemsmedication managementhospital supply chain managementbusiness analytics solutionsmedication adherence solutionsservices and supporttraining programscustomer supportsuccess storiescustomer testimonialscase studiesclinical studiesdiversion centralthought leadership seriesnews and eventspress releasesin the newsmedia kiteventscareersjob searchview all opportunitiesour culturebenefitsfaqseeo statementabout omnicellmanagement teamboard of directorsinvestor relationspartnersenvironmental sustainabilitycontact us

site 'tertiary' navigation:blogcontact usclient login


search the site:


enter search keywords and submit


*









page 'breadcrumb' navigation:homecareers









careers












omnicell
inspired by care
since 1992, omnicell (nasdaq: omcl) has been inspired to create safer and more efficient ways to manage medications and supplies across all care settings. as a leader in medication and supply dispensing automation, central pharmacy automation, iv robotics, analytics software, and medication adherence and packaging systems, omnicell is focused on improving care across the entire healthcare continuum—from the acute care hospital setting, to post-acute skilled nursing and long-term care facilities, to the patient’s home.
over 4,000 customers worldwide use omnicell® automation and analytics solutions to increase operational efficiency, reduce medication errors, deliver actionable intelligence and improve patient safety. 
omnicell’s innovative medication adherence solutions, used by over 32,000 institutional and retail pharmacies in north america and the united kingdom, are designed to improve patient adherence to prescriptions, helping to reduce costly hospital readmissions. 
recent omnicell acquisitions, including ateb, add distinct capabilities, particularly in central pharmacy, iv robotics, and pharmacy software, creating the broadest medication management product portfolio in the industry.


software engineer i



description
 
software engineer i, web development
responsibilities: 

will be responsible to work directly with product owner to turn user stories into a working javascript production ready application using practices to develop maintainable and testable code.
collaborate with ux designers to match pixel comparisons
will be working in a fast paced agile scrum development environment.
evaluate, review designs and test to determine if software will perform according to requirements and specifications.
will be responsible to participate in code reviews and use case collaborations.
collaborate with quality engineers to guide the integration testing with other omnicell applications.

required knowledge and skills:

understanding of computer science design principles
strong analytical and problem solving skills
excellent written and verbal communication skills

basic requirements: 

bs in computer science or equivalent
knowledge of javascript coding and html/css principles

preferred knowledge and skills:

experience building angularjs and/or angular controls
experiences with sass/less
full software development life cycle knowledge, including agile development principals

work environment

office 


nothing in this job description restricts management’s right to assign or reassign duties and responsibilities to this job at any time.
all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, sex, color, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, or on the basis of disability.
omnicell will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. however, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the contractor's legal duty to furnish information.




















are you a returning applicant?


if you've applied online with us before, we already have your information on file! login using your email address and password to update your profile and apply to this job instantly.















previous applicants:


email:





password:





if you do not remember your password click here.







back to search results


new search









site 'footer' navigation:
privacy policylegal noticeshipaa statementtermssitemapdesigned by pint



facebook
google+
twitter
linkedin
youtube

© 2015 omnicell, inc. all rights reserved.



























