



job application for software engineer, growth at udacity





















          apply now
        
software engineer, growth

        at udacity
      
(view all jobs)

        mountain view
      



udacity's mission is to democratize education. we're an online learning platform offering groundbreaking education in fields such as artificial intelligence, machine learning, robotics, virtual reality, and more. focused on self-empowerment through learning, udacity is making innovative technologies such as self-driving cars available to a global community of aspiring technologists, while also enabling learners at all levels to skill up with essentials like programming, web and app development. udacity is looking for people to join our engineering team. if you love a challenge, and truly want to make a difference in the world, read on! 
 
udacity is looking for engineers who can tackle the challenges of a rapidly growing web application with multi-millions of students. we're looking for developers to help build rich, dynamic client-side web applications using javascript, leveraging new technologies like html5/css3, to launch beautiful, usable and scalable products global students. 


responsibilities



you will own the full-stack development for one or more of our products and collaborate with designers and other engineers to launch new products, iterate on existing features, and build a world-class user experience. 
you will implement cutting-edge technologies and will be writing state-of-the-art code to keep udacity at the cutting edge of current technology. 
produce high quality software that is unit tested, code reviewed, and checked in regularly for continuous integration. 
develop multi-tier scalable, high-volume performing, and reliable user-centric applications that operate 24x7. 
your specific expertise will be required to make the site delightful, secure, performant and accessible to all our students. 





requirements



bs+ 4 years of relevant work experience, ms + 2 years of relevant work experience, ms or bs in computer science or related technical field.
experience writing clean, unobtrusive javascript including experience with common libraries (jquery and react), debugging tools (chrome dev tools, etc.) and building tool (babel, webpack, etc.). 
proven coding skills in ruby + rails, python, go, database design and sql.
3+ years general programming experience + semantic html and css. 
knowledge of native dom and event apis. 
knowledge of browser quirks and their remedies. 





we are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. women, people of color, members of the lgbtq community, individuals with disabilities, and veterans are strongly encouraged to apply. 








apply for this job

* required
        


first name *



last name *



email *



phone *




              location (city)
                *




resume/cv *


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 














cover letter


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 

















linkedin profile
    





website
    





how did you hear about this job?
    











 



share this job:    













powered by 

 
      read our privacy policy
















