



forescout careers - software engineer, full stack



























 










                                                    forescout careers                                            







                software engineer, full stack
    
    

                            engineering            
                    san jose,
                            california
                
                        



        apply
    



what we are doing:forescout is at the forefront of iot security. as the world becomes more and more connected so does the need for forescout's products. we are looking for individuals that want to be at the ground floor of building a product that addresses the world’s most challenging security problems. innovation starts here, visionaries welcomed!forescout’s san jose engineering organization is looking for experienced full-stack software engineers to join the cloud engineering team. being part of the team, you will help to build the next-generation of products that stand in the forefront of current enterprise security challenges. the product will help customers to better visualize the security threats, control security policies and orchestrate security configurations. what you will do:full stack web application development with a variety of languages including but not limited to javascript, html, java, etc;implement web interfaces using xhtml, css and javascript;build report interfaces, dashboards and configuration management interfaces;help to define api specifications;work closely with pm and team members to define feature specifications and buld the next generation of products leveraging frameworks such as react or angularjs;work with other team members to build and scale back-end services;what you bring to forescout:most importantly, true start-up spirit and strong "can do" attitude;must have 5+ years of industry experience building web application front-end;5+ years of experience with relational databases or nosql databases;hands-on experience with web technologies: javascript, xhtml, css, html5, json, ajax, single page applications;experience building industry well-known security products with cloud backend highly desirable;strong problem solving skills;excellent communication and presentation skills;strong teamwork spirit;ability to influence with or without authority;self-starter;ability to efficiently collaborate with cross-functional teams;master or bachelor’s in computer science or related field.what forescout offers you:strong product, good leadership, great culture, good people, diverse, great benefits, great compensation. if you have good work ethic, are visible, lean in, you will be recognized. we are in growth mode and there is tons of opportunity. a positive attitude and being flexible to change goes a long way here at forescout!competitive compensation and benefitscollaborative and innovative environment – make an impact on worldwide security while working on the hottest technology.we work hard…and we play hard!




        apply
    

        apply later    


            ← back to current openings        




share





linkedin




facebook




twitter




email






similar jobs





                                    {{ job.title }}
                                












powered by jobvite









