


job details - fortinet technologies






















welcome





view jobs
















job details

login now











back









are you interested in this opportunity? click on apply and your application will be submitted. if you know of someone else who might be interested, send this opportunity to a friend.



apply now!



tell a friend





organization overview
fortinet (nasdaq: ftnt) protects the most valuable assets of some of the largest enterprise, service provider and government organizations across the globe. the company's fast, secure and global cyber security solutions provide broad, high-performance protection against dynamic security threats while simplifying the it infrastructure. they are strengthened by the industry's highest level of threat research, intelligence and analytics. unlike pure-play network security providers, fortinet can solve organizations' most important security challenges, whether in networked, application or mobile environments - be it virtualized/cloud or physical. more than 310,000 customers worldwide, including some of the largest and most complex organizations, trust fortinet to protect their brands. learn more at http://www.fortinet.com, the fortinet blog  http://blog.fortinet.com/  or fortiguard labs http://www.fortiguard.com/.


city
sunnyvale


city
sunnyvale


state/province
california [ca]


country
united states [us]


title
jr. software devlopment engineer (amrd2043)


req #
amrd2043


job status
full time regular


functional area
r&d


position overview
  jr. software developer engineer overviewwifi team is looking for a jr. software developer engineer with c programming and networking knowledge to join our team. this is a great opportunity to immerse yourself in all phases of the software development cycle to reach new product launches and feature development for our enterprise wireless solutions. this position offers a large scope of experience and direct involvement with complex and innovative technology. in addition, you will be working alongside a close-knit team of experienced software developers. job responsibilitiesdevelop secured enterprise wireless products and featureslinux kernel/driver development of popular wifi chipsetswifi security protocol implementation job requirementsproficient c programming skillbasic networking protocols and system design knowledgepassion and talent on linux kernel and application developmenthighly motivated, positive, detail oriented and responsiblegood team player and good communication skills802.11, 802.1x and enterprise wireless solution experience is plus education requirementb.s. in ee/cs or m.s. in ee/cs


eeoc / aap
accommodation: if you are an individual with a disability and require a reasonable accommodation to complete any part of the application process, or are limited in the ability or unable to access or use this online application process and need an alternative method for applying, you may contact fortinet, inc at (408) 235-7700 of accommodations@fortinet.com for assistance. eeo: all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, sex, color, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, or on the basis of disability.


apply now!   tell a friend










