





















malwarebytes | site reliability engineer



















business solutions























 
     
 
 
more
less



 support

 company





products


pricing


shop






my account


 en

menu languages 
languages 

 deutsch


 español


 français


 italiano


 português (portugal)


 português (brazil)


 nederlands


 polski


 pусский



for home

menu for home 
products 
 malwarebytes for windows 
 malwarebytes for mac 
 malwarebytes for android 
 how to renew 


for business

menu for business 
products 
 endpoint protection 
 incident response 
 endpoint security 
industries 
education 
finance 
healthcare 
ransomware and business
support services
integrations & alliances
resources 
  
  
  


labs

menu labs 






 blog 
 threats 
 scams 
 mbtv 


support

menu support 
 for home 
 for business 
 release history 
 lifecycle policy 
 guides 
 forums



products

menu products 
 all products 
 for home 
 for business 
 support services 
 for technicians 




about us

menu about us 
mission statement 
leadership 
board of directors 
investors 
awards 
clients 
patents
careers



wallpapers



partners

menu partners 
resellers 
affiliates 
strategic technology partners 


news & events

menu news & events 
in the news 
press releases 
events 
download press kit 
awards 


resources

menu resources 
 datasheets 
infographics 
reviews

 case studies 
 webinars 
 analyst reports 
 white papers 


contact us

menu contact us 
business support

consumer support

business sales

partner with us 
press inquiries 
report a bug 


careers





 













site reliability engineer
santa clara, california




who we are
 
malwarebytes is the next-gen cybersecurity company that millions worldwide trust. malwarebytes proactively protects people and businesses against dangerous threats such as malware, ransomware, and exploits that escape detection by traditional antivirus solutions. the company’s flagship product combines advanced heuristic threat detection with signatureless technologies to detect and stop a cyberattack before damage occurs. more than 10,000 businesses worldwide use, trust, and recommend malwarebytes. founded in 2008, the company is headquartered in california, with offices in europe and asia, and a global team of threat researchers and security experts.
we’ve created a fantastic culture that our employees love and were recently named in the top 10 of fortune magazine’s “great place to work” list.   we’re pretty proud of all that too.  we’re growing fast and are looking for some great people to join us.
 
who we need
our site reliability engineering team and our software engineers work side by side to help deliver quality solutions inside of aws. we have a large presence in aws and are charged with stability, security, deployment automation, and helping developers to use aws within their projects.
 

we need people who have a strong knowledge of our core aws technologies (ecs, lambda, api gateway, sqs, elasticache, iam, vpc). candidate needs to have production level experience using and debugging these services.
we need people who have experience with at least two of the following languages and have experience integrating with third party api’s. (python, ruby, powershell, bash, javascript).
we need people who have experience debugging rest api's and other http services.
we need people who have experience automating deployment processes.
we need people who are creative, passionate about technology, and ready to help build something great.

 
what you will do
our sre team members are embedded with one of several engineering teams within malwarebytes. as an sre, you will attend standup with the dev team and help guide them as they create new solutions within aws. 
we do a lot of work to empower our developers to safely use these services while still following company policies. we do this via various utilities that we have built and implemented within the engineering team. as processes constantly evolve, you will help to create and expand upon tools that further this initiative.

you will help us expand on our monitoring capabilities by identifying valuable data and ensuring it is parsed and searchable by our engineering teams. we use a combination of logs, system metrics, and application performance metrics to help debug interesting challenges. as our services grow, the more interesting these challenges can become, so we will rely on you to help us identify, resolve, and predict these issues.
you will build infrastructure inside of aws via code. all of our environments are expected to be scripted and checked in, so familiarity with tools such as terraform or cloudformation will come in handy here. you will architect secure and robust solutions with regional disaster recovery in mind.
you will help design ‘self-healing’ solutions to help ensure the stability and security of our services, in addition to helping control costs. we regularly write custom code to help perform monotonous tasks that would normally require human intervention. this requires careful consideration and lots of testing, but tends to be pretty fun.

 
skills you'll need to have

deep knowledge and production experience in designing, deploying and administering complex amazon aws cloud applications (api gateway, lambda, ecs, alb, waf, ec2, rds, elasticache, elasticsearch, sqs, iam, vpc, cloudformation)
experience working with configuration management tools (puppet, chef, ansible)
production experience with docker
an in-depth knowledge of linux troubleshooting, including networking, file systems, security, and the kernel.
strong knowledge of tcp/ip networking, including both hardware and host-based routing, vlan's, firewalls, subnetting, and load balancing.
experience writing code to create automated solutions (bash, ruby, python, javascript, powershell)
in depth knowledge of troubleshooting tools for debugging/tuning restful api’s.
excellent knowledge of git best practices (git flow)
good understanding of modern micro-services architectures
production experience gathering, digesting, and improving monitoring and performance metrics
experience designing and enforcing disaster recovery plans and business continuity contingencies
experience being on-call in a 24x7 production environment.
meticulous attention to detail and strong organization skills.
bachelor’s degree in computer science, information systems, engineering, or other related disciplines and 5+ years of experience in it infrastructure services or related field with at least 5 years of rhel, centos, ubuntu or debian linux experience.
additional training, technical certification, and/or year’s experience may be substituted in lieu of a degree.

 
what we offer

competitive compensation and benefit packages
a quickly growing, great work environment that supports growth and development
a company who enjoys having fun; holiday and summer parties, annual global company off-site, experienced a private star wars pre-opening day viewing and lots of other great stuff

  










apply for site reliability engineer























resume/cv*






cover letter





















submit


















malwarebytes is an equal opportunity employer. malwarebytes does not discriminate against any employee or applicant because of race, creed, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression, national origin, disability, age, genetic information, veteran status, marital status, pregnancy or related condition, or any other basis protected by law. it is malwarebytes' policy to comply with all applicable national, state and local laws pertaining to nondiscrimination and equal opportunity.
              










company
about us
careers
partners
news & press
wallpapers
my account


learn
support
forums
release history
lifecycle policy
user guides
resources


buy
for home
for business
for education
for finance
for healthcare
services



newsletter








contact

						malwarebytes
						3979 freedom circle, 12th floor
						santa clara, ca 95054






eula
privacy
terms of service
© 2017 malwarebytes


































