


        java developer -        samsung pay -         job board
    

























 






view our website



view all jobs















benefits and perksa most generous salary offeringtarget bonusa bundled medical/dental/vision packagepaid basic & dependent life insurancepaid long term disability insurancepaid holidays, floating holidays & vacationemployee discount on samsung products401(k) with company matchand fun with a larger-than-life recreation roomif you are a job seeker with a disability, or are assisting someone with a disability and require accessibility assistance or an accommodation to apply for one of our jobs, please submit a request by telephone 617-279-0520 or email myfuture@samsungpay.com.you will be asked to specify the assistance needed to access our careers site and apply for open positions within samsung pay. 



java developer


mountain view, ca                    

full time                

research and development                    

mid level                


















samsung pay is a groundbreaking mobile payment service, ushering in a new era of mobile payments and ecommerce. launched in 2015, samsung pay is a simple and safe digital wallet that works almost anywhere you can swipe or tap your card which allows samsung pay works in far more stores than any other mobile payment service. samsung pay allows consumers to transition to secure mobile payments at nearly all merchant locations.
with samsung pay, consumers can now utilize their mobile devices to pay at existing point-of-sale terminals. to achieve this, samsung leverages both near field communication (nfc) and a new proprietary technology called magnetic secure transmission (mst) to make mobile payments more accessible to merchants and consumers than ever before. thanks to nfc and samsung’s proprietary mst technology, samsung pay works in far more stores than any other mobile payment service.
come join the samsung pay team and help us define and develop the future role of smartphones and mobile services!
position summary:
the samsung pay team is looking for world class server software engineers to join our technology innovation group focused on the rapid development of end-to-end mobile applications and services. this is an exciting area for samsung.
responsibilities:

work in a fully event driven, reactive programming environment using play framework & rxjava.
integrates applications by designing database architecture and server scripting.
designs rest apis interfacing to mobile applications or partner server applications.
recommends system solutions by comparing advantages and disadvantages of custom development and open source alternatives.
completes applications development by coordinating requirements, schedules, and activities; contributing to team meetings; troubleshooting development and production problems across multiple environments and operating platforms.

requirements:

b.s. or m.s. in computer science or equivalent.
experience with reactive, event driven architectures. (we use rxjava, akka, & play framework ourselves.)
proficient in java, familiarity with scala is a plus.
3+ years of work experience.
familiar with reactive programming principles such as rxjava and play framework is a plus.
familiar with nosql, especially, apache cassandra is a plus.
extensive experience building large-scale server applications.
familiarity with docker a plus.

 

read more



apply for position








            apply for this position        
required*



apply with linkedin







apply with indeed









first name*



last name*



email address*



address*
















phone*



resume*

attach resume
                    or
                    paste resume



                        attach resume as .pdf, .doc, or .docx (limit 2mb) or
                        paste resume


 




                            paste your resume here or
                            attach resume file









cover letter*



what's your citizenship / employment eligibility?*
no answeri am a u.s. citizen/permanent residentnon-citizen allowed to work for any employernon-citizen allowed to work for current employernon-citizen seeking work authorizationi am a canadian citizen/permanent residentother 

what's your highest level of education completed?*
no answerged or equivalenthigh schoolsome collegecollege - associatescollege - bachelor of artscollege - bachelor of fine artscollege - bachelor of sciencecollege - master of artscollege - master of sciencecollege - master of fine artscollege - master of business administrationcollege - doctoratemedical doctorother 

college or university*



gpa



are you 18 years of age or older?*
no answeryesno 

linkedin profile url:



twitter



what languages do you speak fluently?



desired salary*



earliest start date?



in 150 characters or fewer, tell us what makes you unique. try to be creative and say something that will catch our eye!*

150


the following questions are entirely optional.

                        to comply with government equal employment opportunity / affirmative action reporting regulations, we are requesting (but not requiring) that you enter this personal data. this information will not be used in connection with any employment decisions, and will be used solely as permitted by state and federal law. your voluntary cooperation would be appreciated. learn more.
                    



gender

decline to answerfemalemale

 


race/ethnicity

decline to answerwhite (not hispanic)african american/black (not hispanic)hispanic/latinoasianpacific islanderamerican indiannative alaskannative hawaiianmulti-racial

 



invitation for job applicants to self-identify as a u.s. veteran


a “disabled veteran” is one of the following:
                                        
a veteran of the u.s. military, ground, naval or air service who is entitled to compensation (or who but for the receipt of military retired pay would be entitled to compensation) under laws administered by the secretary of veterans affairs; or
a person who was discharged or released from active duty because of a service-connected disability.


a “recently separated veteran” means any veteran during the three-year period beginning on the date of such veteran's discharge or release from active duty in the u.s. military, ground, naval, or air service.
an “active duty wartime or campaign badge veteran” means a veteran who served on active duty in the u.s. military, ground, naval or air service during a war, or in a campaign or expedition for which a campaign badge has been authorized under the laws administered by the department of defense.
an “armed forces service medal veteran” means a veteran who, while serving on active duty in the u.s. military, ground, naval or air service, participated in a united states military operation for which an armed forces service medal was awarded pursuant to executive order 12985.




veteran status

 i identify as one or more of the classifications of protected veteran listed above i am not a protected veteran i don’t wish to answer
		



voluntary self-identification of disability

                                voluntary self-identification of disability form cc-305
                                omb control number 1250-0005
                                expires 1/31/2020
                            

why are you being asked to complete this form?

because we do business with the government, we must reach out to, hire, and provide equal opportunity to qualified people with disabilities.i to help us measure how well we are doing, we are asking you to tell us if
                                    you have a disability or if you ever had a disability. completing this form is voluntary, but we hope that you will choose to fill it out. if you are applying for a job, any answer you give will be kept private and will not be used against you in any way.
if you already work for us, your answer will not be used against you in any way. because a person may become disabled at any time, we are required to ask all of our employees to update their information every five years. you may voluntarily self-identify as having a disability on this form without fear of any punishment because you did not identify as having a disability earlier.


how do i know if i have a disability?


you are considered to have a disability if you have a physical or mental impairment or medical condition that substantially limits a major life activity, or if you have a history or record of such an impairment or medical condition.
disabilities include, but are not limited to:

blindness
deafness
cancer
diabetes
epilepsy
autism
cerebral palsy
hiv/aids
schizophrenia
muscular dystrophy
bipolar disorder
major depression
multiple sclerosis (ms)
missing limbs or partially missing limbs
post-traumatic stress disorder (ptsd)
obsessive compulsive disorder
impairments requiring the use of a wheelchair
intellectual disability (previously called mental retardation)



please check one of the boxes below:




                                                yes, i have a disability (or previously had a disability)                                            


                                                no, i don’t have a disability                                            


                                                i don’t wish to answer                                            




you must enter your name and date







your name
today's date





reasonable accommodation notice


federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified individuals with disabilities. please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job or to perform your job. examples of reasonable accommodation include making a change to the application process or work procedures,
                                    providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment.

isection 503 of the rehabilitation act of 1973, as amended. for more information about this form or the equal employment obligations of federal contractors, visit the u.s. department of labor's office of federal contract compliance programs (ofccp) website at www.dol.gov/ofccp. 

public burden statement: according to the paperwork reduction act of 1995 no persons are required to respond to a collection of information unless such collection displays a valid omb control number. this survey should take about 5 minutes to complete.






submit application














×close
forward this position





recipient email address (one)



your name



your email address



enter a message (optional)
the message cannot contain links




human check*




















powered by















