



job application for software engineer (palo alto / remote - us) at quartzy























          apply now
        
software engineer (palo alto / remote - us)

        at quartzy
      
(view all jobs)

        quartzy hq or remote - us
      


we’re on a quest for an extraordinary software engineer who will join us to build and maintain clean, modern applications.
you are a self-starter with a bias for action, and you can take projects from start to finish. you want to work as part of a small, tightly-knit team that moves quickly and pushes changes to production many times a day. you always admired your friends in science, but your knack for computers led you to programming.
why quartzy
quartzy is the world’s #1 lab management platform. every day, hundreds of thousands of scientists from all over the world improve the efficiency of their research by using quartzy. our team is passionate about accelerating scientific research through well-designed, meaningful tools for labs and companies alike. we value openness, transparency, and good communication, because, after all, we are in this together.
what you'll do

design and implement new functionality from the ground up
work closely with your team to design and develop a robust rest api
measure and improve site performance and scalability
write well-tested code that is resilient to heavy iteration

what we're looking for 

demonstrable experience writing clean, thoughtfully crafted php that scales
you have experience with other parts of our technology stack: mysql, redis, beanstalkd, rabbitmq, nginx, git.
you have the ability and desire to own projects that directly impact quartzy's bottom line.
an entrepreneurial attitude that gets high-quality projects done quickly
you are a strong communicator. you write well and can easily explain complex technical concepts to non-technical people.

what we'd love

background working with mission-critical financial systems
experience with the integration of external financial or erp systems
familiarity with asynchronous worker queues
experience working in a dynamic startup environment
occasionally, you end the day with more lines of code removed than added; and that feels great

does that sound like you? we'd love to hear from you. 







apply for this job

* required
        











(optional)

almost there! review your information then click 'submit application' to apply.



first name *



last name *



email *



phone *



resume/cv *


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 














cover letter


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 

















github profile or website
    





are you applying as a remote engineer? *



--
yes
no


where did you hear about this job? *



please selectangel list
hacker news
heard about from someone (please specify below)
linkedin
qb3
quartzy careers page
ventureloop
other (please specify below)
indeed
github
stack overflow
product hunt
larajobs


if other or heard about from someone, please specify:
    











 



share this job:    













powered by 

 
      read our privacy policy
















