



job application for backend engineer at bloomreach
























          apply now
        
backend engineer

        at bloomreach
      
(view all jobs)

        mountain view, california
      


bloomreach is solving one of the digital world’s most fundamental problems: helping people instantly find what they need when they need to find it. our personalization platform relies on unique algorithms paired with machine learning and data science to create peerless commerce on the world’s leading retail sites. we’ve built a commitment culture that values the support we lend each other as we work to advance our technology every day. in the end, we power the best commerce experiences — but exceptional people power us.
at the core of bloomreach’s innovative way of deeply understanding web content is our sophisticated system that constantly crawls our customers’ websites and the wider web. in this role, you’d be refining and iterating the hadoop-based pipelines that allow us to crawl, parse, index, semantically analyze and model language at the speed of business. we are always on and you’d be building the high-traffic infrastructure to increase automation and improve the efficiency of the engineering team, while maintaining technical excellence in the code base. 
responsibilities: 

scale bloomreach’s hadoop-based data processing pipelines -- including crawling, parsing, indexing, semantic analysis and language modeling, and analytics -- to handle and maintain complex processes in an efficient and reliable way
core architecture and development of new features and improved performance for high-traffic, high-availability web services
build infrastructure and tools to increase automation, improve efficiency of the engineering team, and maintain technical excellence in the code base

requirements:

1+ years experience building software solutions in a corporate or start up engineering environment using c++ and/or java, python, and ruby
5+ years experience developing medium-to-large, multi-tiered web applications a big plus
extensive background in algorithms and strong software architecture skills
experience with maintaining distributed systems at significant scale in a production environment
strong knowledge of web technologies, including details of http, common web frameworks such as tomcat or django, networking, and web performance engineering
experience with map-reduce or large-scale data processing (e.g hadoop), linux serving systems, and mysql a plus
bs/ms degree in computer science or related field

if this is you and you can prove it, we’re interested in talking to you about joining our top-flight engineering team. to get the conversation started, send along a cool piece of code, a link to something you’ve built or a hack that you’re proud of. we can’t wait to have a look.







apply for this job

* required
        











(optional)

almost there! review your information then click 'submit application' to apply.



first name *



last name *



email *



phone *



resume/cv *


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 














cover letter


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 

















linkedin profile
    





website
    





how did you hear about this job?
    





are you legally authorized to work in the united states? *



--
yes
no


will you now or in the future require sponsorship for employment visa status? *









u.s. equal opportunity employment information (completion is voluntary)


  individuals seeking employment at bloomreach are considered without regards
  to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical
  or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation. you are
  being given the opportunity to provide the following information in order to help us
  comply with federal and state equal employment opportunity/affirmative action record
  keeping, reporting, and other legal requirements.


  completion of the form is entirely voluntary. whatever your decision,
  it will not be considered in the hiring process or thereafter. any information that you
  do provide will be recorded and maintained in a confidential file.


gender
please selectmale
female
decline to self identify


are you hispanic/latino?
please selectyes
no
decline to self identify


please identify your race
please selectamerican indian or alaskan native
asian
black or african american
hispanic or latino
white
native hawaiian or other pacific islander
two or more races
decline to self identify


      race & ethnicity definitions


  if you believe you belong to any of the categories of protected veterans listed below,
  please indicate by making the appropriate selection.  as a government contractor
  subject to vietnam era veterans readjustment assistance act (vevraa), we request this
  information in order to measure the effectiveness of the outreach and positive
  recruitment efforts we undertake pursuant to vevraa. classification of protected
  categories is as follows:


  a "disabled veteran" is one of the following: a veteran of the u.s. military, ground,
  naval or air service who is entitled to compensation (or who but for the receipt of
  military retired pay would be entitled to compensation) under laws administered by the
  secretary of veterans affairs; or a person who was discharged or released from active
  duty because of a service-connected disability.


  a "recently separated veteran" means any veteran during the three-year period beginning
  on the date of such veteran's discharge or release from active duty in the u.s.
  military, ground, naval, or air service.


  an "active duty wartime or campaign badge veteran" means a veteran who served on active
  duty in the u.s. military, ground, naval or air service during a war, or in a campaign
  or expedition for which a campaign badge has been authorized under the laws
  administered by the department of defense.


  an "armed forces service medal veteran" means a veteran who, while serving on active
  duty in the u.s. military, ground, naval or air service, participated in a united
  states military operation for which an armed forces service medal was awarded pursuant
  to executive order 12985.


veteran status
please selecti am not a protected veteran
i identify as one or more of the classifications of a protected veteran
i don't wish to answer



form cc-305
omb control number 1250-0005
expires 1/31/2020

voluntary self-identification of disability
why are you being asked to complete this form?

  because we do business with the government, we must reach out to, hire, and provide
  equal opportunity to qualified people with disabilities1.  to help us
  measure how well we are doing, we are asking you to tell us if you have a disability or
  if you ever had a disability.  completing this form is voluntary, but we hope that you
  will choose to fill it out.  if you are applying for a job, any answer you give will be
  kept private and will not be used against you in any way.


  if you already work for us, your answer will not be used against you in any way.
  because a person may become disabled at any time, we are required to ask all of our
  employees to update their information every five years.  you may voluntarily
  self-identify as having a disability on this form without fear of any punishment
  because you did not identify as having a disability earlier.

how do i know if i have a disability?

  you are considered to have a disability if you have a physical or mental impairment or
  medical condition that substantially limits a major life activity, or if you have a
  history or record of such an impairment or medical condition.

disabilities include, but are not limited to:

blindness
deafness
cancer
diabetes
epilepsy
autism
cerebral palsy
hiv/aids
schizophrenia
muscular dystrophy
bipolar disorder
major depression
multiple sclerosis (ms)
missing limbs or partially missing limbs
post-traumatic stress disorder (ptsd)
obsessive compulsive disorder
impairments requiring the use of a wheelchair
intellectual disability (previously called mental retardation)


disability status
please selectyes, i have a disability (or previously had a disability)
no, i don't have a disability
i don't wish to answer

reasonable accommodation notice

  federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified
  individuals with disabilities. please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation
  to apply for a job or to perform your job.  examples of reasonable accommodation
  include making a change to the application process or work procedures, providing
  documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using
  specialized equipment.


1section 503 of the rehabilitation act of 1973, as amended.  for more
  information about this form or the equal employment obligations of federal contractors,
  visit the u.s. department of labor's office of federal contract compliance programs
  (ofccp) website at www.dol.gov/ofccp.


  public burden statement:  according to the paperwork reduction act of 1995 no persons
  are required to respond to a collection of information unless such collection displays
  a valid omb control number. this survey should take about 5 minutes to complete.








 



share this job:    













powered by 

 
      read our privacy policy
















