














career opportunities: software engineer co-op (78687) 


























javascript is turned off in your web browser. turn it on to take full advantage of this site, then refresh the page.

loading...






powered by successfactors




                              sign in













career opportunities: software engineer co-op (78687)



















req id 78687 - posted 11/13/2017 - mo - st. louis - sustainment systems



 &nbspjob description print preview









	                  apply
	                 
	         	 
              




                  apply using linkedin™
                 
               
              







	                  save job
	                





	                  email job to friend
	                





                  return to list
                







 



leonardo drs 
 
leonardo drs is a leading supplier of integrated products, services and support to military forces, intelligence agencies and prime contractors worldwide. focused on defense technology, we develop, manufacture and support a broad range of systems for mission critical and military sustainment requirements, as well as homeland security.  headquartered in arlington, va, the company is a wholly owned subsidiary of leonardo spa which employs more than 45,000 people worldwide. we offer a competitive compensation package and a business culture which rewards performance. for additional information on drs, please visit our website at www.leornardodrs.com.
 
drs sustainment systems inc.
 
drs sustainment systems, inc. (drs-ssi) is a leonardo drs line of business (lob) headquartered in st. louis, mo. it is a full service supplier of diversified defense systems, products and support for the u.s. department of defense (dod) and other international defense customers. from conceptual design through manufacturing to integrated logistics support, drs-ssi has a more than 50-year tradition of providing quality systems and products while meeting customer’s demands for innovation, efficiency and quality. the business unit also includes a 100-acre heavy equipment manufacturing facility in west plains, mo. the performance of drs-ssi’s st. louis operation has been recognized by the government and industrial customers with numerous awards including: preferred supplier certification, medallion of service award, intelligence and electronic warfare certification of recognition, and blue ribbon awards.  we operate on a 9/80 work schedule.
 
job location – saint louis, mo
 
position summary
 
drs sustainment systems is seeking a software engineering co-op for january-august 2018 as a team member to think critically and creatively to solve assigned engineering tasks. co-ops will be assigned to one or more programs with the goal of improving our existing products and helping to develop new products and technologies that feature significant differentiating technologies that are essential to maintaining our competitive advantage in the defense market. co-ops typically last 8 months (a semester and summer) and are based in st. louis, mo. there will be no housing provided.
 
duties and responsibilities
 

further research and development of existing products and technologies
write software code
write and/or maintain documentation
gather and assemble data for engineers
assist engineers with appropriate design details
work closely with and assist engineers in the conduct of various engineering assignments
carry out basic work instructions that will help in understanding the fundamentals of the company
conduct limited scope testing under the supervision of engineers
completing assigned tasks on time
conduct design analysis and/or calculations under the supervision of engineers
must have good interpersonal skills and have the ability to build a good network
perform a wide variety of tasks to gain familiarity with the engineering staff, methods, programs and practices
support, communicate, reinforce and defend the mission, values and culture of the organization

 
basic qualifications
 

high school diploma
completion of sophomore year or higher by the end of 2016 – 2017 school year at an accredited college majoring in a computer engineering or computer science discipline
cumulative gpa of 3.0 or higher
must be diligent, hardworking, and quick to learn
communicate effectively orally and written

 
additional desirable qualifications skills and knowledge
 

decision making
team development/building organizational talent                                  
building trust and respect/integrity                                                        
customer orientation                                                                              
technical capability/applied learning                                                     
communicates with impact                                                                      
valuing diversity/cultural effectiveness

 
leonardo drs is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer. we consider applicants without regard to race, color, religion, creed, gender, national origin, age, disability, genetic information, marital or veteran status, or any other category protected by federal, state or local law. #lsy






 









	                  apply
	                 
	           	
              




                  apply using linkedin™
                 
              
              







	                  save job
	                





	                  email job to friend
	                





                  return to list
                






















email this job to a friend





 








 


 



the job has been sent to
          


 



please provide the information below



job title:
        




*your email address:
        




*your friend's email address:
        



message:
        
         






verification code:
        





*please enter the verification code here:
        














send
            




cancel
            



















