


software developer - racarie software
























openings >> software developersoftware developersummarytitle:software developerid:21department:developmentlocation:cary, nctype:full-timedescriptiontravel: none
salary range: 75k - 90k (plus bonus)
job level: mid-level (5+ years)
manages others? no

racarie software, a leader in the human resources software market, is looking for a software developer to join its team.  this person will work as part of our development team on core product development and custom projects for our clients.  we are looking for a well-rounded developer who is comfortable working independently and has experience with the full development stack - from ui design to database and performance optimization.  our primary development technologies are: php, mysql, and javascript / jquery.

racarie software is based in cary, north carolina, but operates a virtual office where most employees work remotely / telecommute. this is a work-from-home position and the person we hire will be required to provide his or her own private work space, such as a home office.  local candidates are preferred but non-local candidates will be considered as well.

responsibilities

develop new functionality and enhancements for our product suite as part of our development team
build new custom functionality, services, api integration and other special development projects for clients
diagnose and fix bugs and other issues
perform code reviews and testing on your own and other developer's code
optimize key functions including database queries to improve system performance
provide tier 2 support as needed when issues are escalated from our technical support team

requirements

excellent written and verbal communication skills (english speaking)
bs in computer science, engineering, or equivalent
5+ years experience building web-based software for business users
3+ years experience with php / mysql or similar
3+ years experience with front-end web technologies (html/css, javascript/jquery, bootstrap, etc)

we are a group of people who are passionate about what we do, enjoy working together as a team, and hate politics, bureaucracy and long meetings. if you're the type of person who loves solving problems and getting things done, we would love to have you on the team!  apply now     refer to a friend  alternatively, you can apply to this job using your profile on one of the following sites:

 






copyright 2017 racarie software. all rights reserved.powered by applicantstack™ applicant tracking system




