







applicant searches


















   
  





































job descriptionsign in|new user
















previous in list


next in list





 






job details

















job title 


data architect lead - roadmap - ocio - capital projects - 38663


job id 


38663





location





danforth - main campus


full/part time 

full-time





regular/temporary 

regular



















job type/schedule







this position is full-time and works approximately 40 hours per week.  






department name/job location







this position is in the department of ocio - capital projects.  this position is for the west campus.






essential functions







position summary:this position is responsible for the development of flexible architectural standards with a vision that anticipates and supports future business and technical needs. provides expertise regarding the integration of applications within the line of business. has in-depth knowledge of state-of-the-art approaches in designing and developing technical data solutions. researches and maintains knowledge in emerging technologies and their application to the business. responsible for work that is highly complex and varied in nature. recognized internally and externally as a technical expert and critical technical resource across multiple disciplines.primary duties and responsibilities:   strategyarticulate and demonstrate the value of the architecture and new solutions to organizational imperatives.  assist meaningfully in the development of an overarching data strategy that supports the organizational needs both tactically and strategically. develop and implement data architecture standards in collaboration with data architects. align components and capabilities of the data portfolio with the strategies that help meet the organizational vision.  designdeliver aligned and agreed to data architecture strategies and roadmaps for the organization with an emphasis on reducing complexity and simplifying the environment.  ensure data solutions are architected appropriately for availability, security, accessibility and scalability.job specificdata architect: evaluate and assess the university’s data architecture’s capabilities and identify key improvements and needs to accomplish the goals of the enterprise architecture group.  develop and refine data architecture standards and best practices in support of the university’s overarching data strategy. define effective techniques and approaches for data solutions development. investigate new trends, patterns, and capabilities in the industry that can be adopted to improve overall productivity. continually evaluate and refine processes and procedures to deliver service and capability improvements.  standards and oversightaccountable for data designs that adhere to standards and can be effectively implemented, managed, and efficiently operated. defines and discerns key aspects of a problem and develop an integrated solution within a broad business context of significant impact.       leadershipdeliver complete data life cycle management plans. review emerging technologies and platforms for applicability to business requirements and imperatives. act as an internal consultant, advocate and change agent. coaches or mentors junior staff. disciplined delivery methods and practices to ensure all assigned activities are completed accurately and within aligned guidelines.        perform other duties as assigned






required qualifications







 		bachelor’s degree in a technical discipline such as computer science, information systems, engineering or a related field, plus 6 years of experience in high-level information technology professional roles in one or many roles such as architect, product engineer or product manager 		demonstrated progressive experience architecting data solutions with numerous varieties of data for large-scale organizations 		demonstrated knowledge and experience in developing and improving successful, large-scale strategies in support of strategic business needs






preferred qualifications







 		graduate degree in information management, management of information systems, computer science, engineering or a related field 		experience working in a higher education research university 		experience with (or preferably training in) a formal data architecture methodology: dama, tdwi, etc. 		experience with data modeling techniques in a variety of paradigms: kimball, inmon, hadoop, etc. 		experience with an application development methodology as it relates to data architecture         		ability to learn quickly and adapt to new circumstances 		excellent written, presentation, and oral communication skills 		knowledge of enterprise and line-of business applications and application lifecycle 		ability to effectively communicate technical issues 		must be flexible and willing to work extended hours as necessary and recognize the need to do so 		ability to adjust scheduled time 		ability to establish measurable goals and objectives  for staff and department 		ability to adjust to abrupt changes in priorities and strategy 		strong diplomacy, negotiating, and facilitation skills 		ability to interact comfortably with all levels of management 		demonstrated skills in project management and analysis, negotiation, systems analysis, leadership, process improvement, strategic planning 		ability to recognize design patterns within applications and business processes 		ability to work independently, accurately, and proactively 		proven ability to creatively solve problems and to influence outcomes through persuasion, effective communications and relationship building 		excellent analytical and organizational skills including ability to adapt to a dynamic project environment and deliver high-level contribution to multiple projects simultaneously 		excellent interpersonal and communication skills with the ability to build relationships, influence outcomes, and to deliver effective presentations to a variety of audiences 		demonstrated leadership skills such as conflict/issue resolution 		ability to organize and work effectively in a matrix organization with cross-functional project teams from various departments and locations 		ability to drive the development of an it application architecture strategy in support of business goals and objectives and anticipating future needs of the organization 		ability to develop and execute on an architecture vison to minimize future maintenance challenges and anticipate future needs of the organization






salary range







the hiring range for this position is $87,172 - $115,481 annually.






pre-employment screening







offers made for this position are contingent upon the successful completion of all required pre-employment screens, including a criminal background check, hair sample drug screen, and verification of required professional licenses, registrations, or certifications.






benefits







-retirement savings plan -22 vacation days -8 paid holidays -sick time -tuition benefits for employee, spouse and dependent children -free metro link/ bus pass-free life insurance-health, dental, vision -health savings accounts (hsa)-long term disability insurance -flex spending plan -other benefits human resources website (hr.wustl.edu)






applicant special instructions







 		this position is project funded for a minimum of 3 years. 		this work is normally performed in the washington university offices located at west campus, north campus, and/or the med school campus offices. there will be some activities that require trips to other university offices and offsite locations. 






eoe statement







washington university is an equal opportunity employer. all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, genetic information, disability, or protected veteran status.








































return to previous page










 



test




t
 




help


test     



 
careers job search default local node:dbname:portal:node:workcenter id:url:

