








cloud security software engineer - mg1216437


 

















skip to content

cisco
cisco jobs


menu




english
|
français
sign in






search jobs
careers home
students and new grads
events
stay in touch




 







< back to search results







cloud security software engineer - mg1216437





apply








location:
rtp, north carolina, us


area of interest
engineer - software


job type
professional


technology interest
cloud and data center, internet of everything, networking, security


job id
1216437


new





what you'll do we will simplify  and automate security for cisco’s cloud tenants &  service offerings.who you'll work withthe security & trust organizations’  cloud security engineering team develops reusable, security focused solutions  for ciscos’ established and emerging software as a service (saas) cloud  offerings.who you areas a cloud securitysoftware engineer, you will develop, modify, and debug puppet, ansible and serverspec scripts for the hardening of various cloud components (os, web servers, db servers, jump hosts, etc.).our minimum requirements for this role: 1. b.s in computer science, computer engineering or ee  2. 1-3 years of software development experience using an oo language 3. possess excellent problem solving and troubleshooting/debugging skills  4. experience in establishing and sustaining excellent relationships with the extended team  5. excellent verbal and written skills  6. good understanding of cloud computing fundamentals.  7. experience with puppet and/ or ansible, including developing/updating puppet manifests or ansible roles. 8. knowledge of ci/cd tools such as  github/bitbucket, jenkins, bamboo, etc. 9. candidate must be able to produce proof of u.s. citizenship. no dual citizenship. desired skills1. proficiency in one or more of python, serverspec, or ruby.  prefer serverspec 2. experience in agile or kanban development process 3. experience with cloud platforms - openstack, amazon web services (aws), azure or google compute engine, etc. 4. experience with commonly used open source software components such as containers, web servers, databases, message brokers, etcwhy ciscowe connect everything: people, processes, data, and things. we innovate everywhere, taking bold risks to shape the technologies that give us smart cities, connected cars, and handheld hospitals. and we do it in style with unique personalities who aren’t afraid to change the way the world works, lives, plays and learns. we are thought leaders, tech geeks, pop culture aficionados, and we even have a few purple haired rock stars. we celebrate the creativity and diversity that fuels our innovation. we are dreamers and we are doers.  we are cisco.




share




share cloud security software engineer - mg1216437 with facebook
share cloud security software engineer - mg1216437 with linkedin
share cloud security software engineer - mg1216437 with twitter
share cloud security software engineer - mg1216437 with google+
share cloud security software engineer - mg1216437 with a friend via e-mail







apply









apply





share




share cloud security software engineer - mg1216437 with facebook
share cloud security software engineer - mg1216437 with linkedin
share cloud security software engineer - mg1216437 with twitter
share cloud security software engineer - mg1216437 with google+
share cloud security software engineer - mg1216437 with a friend via e-mail






job notifications
sign up to receive notifications of similar jobs



notify me












accessibility for applicants with disabilities
e-verify participation poster
right to work poster
agency portal

cisco is an affirmative action and equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, national origin, genetic information, age, disability, veteran status, or any other legally protected basis.
                cisco will consider for employment, on a case by case basis, qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.





jobs help
|
terms & conditions
|
privacy statement
|
cookie policy
|
trademarks


follow we are cisco
linkedin
twitter
facebook
snapchat
instagram
glassdoor







