



job application for hadoop infrastructure engineer at foursquare





















          apply now
        
hadoop infrastructure engineer

        at foursquare
      
(view all jobs)

        new york, san francisco
      









about foursquare:
since our inception in 2009, foursquare has been a leading force in changing how location information enriches our real-world and digital lives. as a location intelligence company, foursquare is comprised of two well-known consumer apps, foursquare and swarm, as well as thriving media and enterprise products.  our b2b offerings include places (for developers), pinpoint and attribution (for marketers), and place insights (for analysts, based on the world's largest foot traffic panel). with more than 200 people across our offices in new york, san francisco, and in sales offices around the globe, we’re dedicated to our trailblazing mission—enriching consumer experiences and informing business decisions with location intelligence.
 
about our engineering team:

as a member of foursquare’s engineering team, we want you to bring experience building real products from the ground up. we're passionate about tackling tough challenges in the location space and look for others who like to dive deep into code and help solve hard problems. you should be comfortable running with your own ideas and eager to learn new skills on a bleeding edge platform. we use a variety of tools, technologies, and languages to build software (scala, thrift, mongodb, memcached, js/jquery, kafka, pants, hadoop, mr, spark) but experience with equivalent ones will do just fine.
 
join us and help bring our feature ideas (and your own!) off the whiteboard and into reality. here are some high level areas you could help within our ny or sf office:
 
- improve the accuracy and efficiency of one of the premier place search apis in existence. our api powers foursquare city guide and swarm as well as  apps from microsoft, uber, samsung, twitter and more
- leverage machine learning techniques to build systems which process and derive insights from billions of location data points every day
- launch features that make cities easier to explore and continue to push the foursquare city guide and swarm apps forward
- build resilient services and tooling which drive all of our offline processing of petabytes of data


 
about the infrastructure team:
as a member of foursquare's infrastructure team, you will use your strong background in distributed systems to help build the core online and offline platforms that drive the services for our enterprise and consumer facing products. we're passionate about tackling tough infrastructure challenges (especially scaling problems), and look for others who like to dive deep into the code to help solve hard problems. you should be comfortable running with your own ideas and eager to learn new skills on a bleeding edge platform. we use a variety of tools, technologies, and languages to build software (e.g., scala, hadoop, python, thrift, mongodb, memcached, redis, kafka, chef, aurora, mesos, rocksdb, luigi, pants), but experience with equivalent ones will do just fine.
 
join us to help build and maintain the rock-solid core infrastructure upon on which we build our features. here are some high level areas you could get involved in:
- rebuild our proxy tier to support more advanced load-balancing algorithms
- improve the speed with which we can reliably continuously deploy our backend services
- build a cost-effective and seamless way to run pipelines across our on-premises hadoop cluster and amazon emr.
- use kafka and rocksdb to build a highly available, low latency, low footprint key-value store that can be deployed alongside business logic services in our aurora cluster.
- build tools to analyze and optimize cpu, core, memory and disk utilization of services that run on our aurora and hadoop clusters.



qualifications:


3+ years of proven industry experience working on the backend services or infrastructure for a large scale, highly distributed web site or web service
solid foundation in computer science fundamentals with sound knowledge of data structures, algorithms, and design
strong java or other object-oriented programming experience or, even better, experience and/or interest in functional languages (we use scala!)
familiarity with jvm profiling and gc tuning. experience with tools like yourkit, jmh, statsd-jvm-profiler or equivalents a plus
experience designing and deploying large scale distributed systems, either serving online traffic or for offline computation. experience in concurrency, multithreading and synchronization
bonus points for experience with hadoop, mongodb, finagle, kafka, zookeeper, graphite (or other time series metrics stores), jvm profiling, grafana, linux system administration, chef (or equivalent experience with puppet, ansible, etc.), aurora (or other cluster management frameworks like marathon or kubernetes).
comfortable in a small and fast-paced startup environment.
bachelors degree or higher in computer science, electrical engineering or related field





foursquare is proud to foster an inclusive environment that is free from discrimination. we strongly believe in order to build the best products, we need a diversity of perspectives and backgrounds. this leads to a more delightful experience for our users and team members. we value listening to every voice and we encourage everyone to come be a part of building a company and products we love.
 
foursquare is an equal opportunity employer. all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.













apply for this job

* required
        


first name *



last name *



email *



phone *




              location (city)
                *




resume/cv *


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 














cover letter *


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 

















linkedin profile
    





website
    





how did you hear about this job? *






would you require sponsorship or authorization to work in the united states? *



--
yes
no




u.s. equal opportunity employment information (completion is voluntary)


  individuals seeking employment at foursquare are considered without regards
  to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical
  or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation. you are
  being given the opportunity to provide the following information in order to help us
  comply with federal and state equal employment opportunity/affirmative action record
  keeping, reporting, and other legal requirements.


  completion of the form is entirely voluntary. whatever your decision,
  it will not be considered in the hiring process or thereafter. any information that you
  do provide will be recorded and maintained in a confidential file.


gender
please selectmale
female
decline to self identify


are you hispanic/latino?
please selectyes
no
decline to self identify


please identify your race
please selectamerican indian or alaskan native
asian
black or african american
hispanic or latino
white
native hawaiian or other pacific islander
two or more races
decline to self identify


      race & ethnicity definitions


  if you believe you belong to any of the categories of protected veterans listed below,
  please indicate by making the appropriate selection.  as a government contractor
  subject to vietnam era veterans readjustment assistance act (vevraa), we request this
  information in order to measure the effectiveness of the outreach and positive
  recruitment efforts we undertake pursuant to vevraa. classification of protected
  categories is as follows:


  a "disabled veteran" is one of the following: a veteran of the u.s. military, ground,
  naval or air service who is entitled to compensation (or who but for the receipt of
  military retired pay would be entitled to compensation) under laws administered by the
  secretary of veterans affairs; or a person who was discharged or released from active
  duty because of a service-connected disability.


  a "recently separated veteran" means any veteran during the three-year period beginning
  on the date of such veteran's discharge or release from active duty in the u.s.
  military, ground, naval, or air service.


  an "active duty wartime or campaign badge veteran" means a veteran who served on active
  duty in the u.s. military, ground, naval or air service during a war, or in a campaign
  or expedition for which a campaign badge has been authorized under the laws
  administered by the department of defense.


  an "armed forces service medal veteran" means a veteran who, while serving on active
  duty in the u.s. military, ground, naval or air service, participated in a united
  states military operation for which an armed forces service medal was awarded pursuant
  to executive order 12985.


veteran status
please selecti am not a protected veteran
i identify as one or more of the classifications of a protected veteran
i don't wish to answer



form cc-305
omb control number 1250-0005
expires 1/31/2020

voluntary self-identification of disability
why are you being asked to complete this form?

  because we do business with the government, we must reach out to, hire, and provide
  equal opportunity to qualified people with disabilities1.  to help us
  measure how well we are doing, we are asking you to tell us if you have a disability or
  if you ever had a disability.  completing this form is voluntary, but we hope that you
  will choose to fill it out.  if you are applying for a job, any answer you give will be
  kept private and will not be used against you in any way.


  if you already work for us, your answer will not be used against you in any way.
  because a person may become disabled at any time, we are required to ask all of our
  employees to update their information every five years.  you may voluntarily
  self-identify as having a disability on this form without fear of any punishment
  because you did not identify as having a disability earlier.

how do i know if i have a disability?

  you are considered to have a disability if you have a physical or mental impairment or
  medical condition that substantially limits a major life activity, or if you have a
  history or record of such an impairment or medical condition.

disabilities include, but are not limited to:

blindness
deafness
cancer
diabetes
epilepsy
autism
cerebral palsy
hiv/aids
schizophrenia
muscular dystrophy
bipolar disorder
major depression
multiple sclerosis (ms)
missing limbs or partially missing limbs
post-traumatic stress disorder (ptsd)
obsessive compulsive disorder
impairments requiring the use of a wheelchair
intellectual disability (previously called mental retardation)


disability status
please selectyes, i have a disability (or previously had a disability)
no, i don't have a disability
i don't wish to answer

reasonable accommodation notice

  federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified
  individuals with disabilities. please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation
  to apply for a job or to perform your job.  examples of reasonable accommodation
  include making a change to the application process or work procedures, providing
  documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using
  specialized equipment.


1section 503 of the rehabilitation act of 1973, as amended.  for more
  information about this form or the equal employment obligations of federal contractors,
  visit the u.s. department of labor's office of federal contract compliance programs
  (ofccp) website at www.dol.gov/ofccp.


  public burden statement:  according to the paperwork reduction act of 1995 no persons
  are required to respond to a collection of information unless such collection displays
  a valid omb control number. this survey should take about 5 minutes to complete.








 



share this job:    













powered by 

 
      read our privacy policy
















