

















software engineer




























careers





careers home


working at mts


browse jobs

administrative jobs
engineering jobs
finance and accounting jobs
human resources jobs
information systems jobs
legal and compliance jobs
manufacturing, operations, and quality jobs
marketing and communications jobs
software development jobs
sales and service jobs



join our talent community


view all jobs






smart people. smart ideas. smart choice.




keyword...

location...

 







search by keyword






share this job






















email similar jobs to me

please enable javascript to subscribe.














software engineer

apply now »

apply now 


email  





please wait...







date: 
dec 2, 2017
                


location: 
cary, nc, us


company: 
mts systems




req id: 37581

    smart people.
  

    smart ideas.
  

    smart choice.
  

     
  

    a thriving environment for learning, innovation and growth.
  

     
  

    why do so many people join mts systems corporation and stay for a career? because this is a place where you get to apply your creativity, work with smart people on fascinating projects, and make a positive impact on people’s lives. it is a place where you can learn, innovate and grow professionally.
  

     
  

    transforming what’s possible with cars, aircraft, bridges, wind turbines and space-age materials — this is work we dream about as kids. at mts, it’s a rewarding career path for talented individuals who are willing to work hard, think hard, and commit to solving complex and critical challenges for our customers around the world, many of whom are leaders in their respective industries.
  

     
  

    by joining mts, you’ll have access to the latest tools and technologies, along with the support of colleagues who are passionate about their work. you’ll discover a dynamic culture of continuous improvement that extends to our people, one that offers numerous ways to expand your knowledge and advance your career. and because we are a global company, your work may also include world travel.
  

     
  

    our business is thriving. our future is exciting. your potential is unlimited.
  

     
  

https://www.youtube.com/channel/ucbzquha2vnzmsiwwavvgn3a


     
  

     
  

primary objective:

    to perform design, development, and support work on new and existing mts products in such a way to enhance or maintain their value, profitability and/or importance to the company.
  

     
  

major areas of accountability:


    1. leadership/team skills:
    
    accepts responsibility for assigned tasks and displays the ability to manage projects. participates as a leader and as a team member. works to maintain a positive environment within the group and with other functional support groups. demonstrates, by example, the desired standards of personal conduct and work performance.
    

    2. communication skills:
    
    keeps stakeholders informed of progress and support requirements so that delays are avoided in the hand off of the completed product. gives presentations to internal and external stakeholders.
    

    3. technical skill development:
    
    establishes and maintains state-of-the-art knowledge of available components, products and development tools to ensure timely completion of assigned tasks. works to develop an understanding of the user's applications.
    

    4. concept development skills:
    
    works to develop concepts and designs that meet or exceed the system's cost and performance goals. also, develops concepts and designs for support of applications work.
    

    5. project estimating skills:
    
    works to estimate schedule and budget on assigned tasks.
    

    6. documentation skills:
    
    creates the required design specifications to allow marketing and management to accurately review the product to be designed. creates the required documentation, test specifications, and manufacturing documentation to ensure the product can be built and maintained at the lowest possible cost.
    

    7. design and implementation skills:
    
    designs and develops components and systems. complies with mts design standards and conducts design reviews prior to implementation. implements own designs and designs of others in a manner consistent with appropriate standards. thoroughly tests and debugs designs before handing them off. works in cooperation with other personnel to complete the implementation. implements design with appropriate life cycle requirements.
    

    8. problem solving skills:
    
    solves problems quickly and effectively. uses creative means when necessary. stays organized and clear headed throughout troubleshooting process. effectively uses diagnostic aids to provide insight into the problem.
    

    9. schedule awareness/commitment to task:
    
    completes all assigned tasks within the time and budget allocation. promptly informs supervisor or project engineer of any significant events that would result in schedule delays.
    

    10. product/customer support (external):
    
    provides installation, training, tech support and consulting services as necessary. works with customers to provide solutions.
    

    11. product/customer support (internal):
    
    interfaces effectively with application engineers, project engineers, and peers within the same discipline and with other disciplines. responds in a timely manner, meets commitments, and treats peers with respect. maintains and enhances products as necessary.
  

     
  

     
  

qualifications:



      bachelor's degree in software or similar with 1 year related experience with a minimum of 1 year software design and programming experience or equivalent.
    




        strong written and verbal communication skills.
      

        ability to make technical decisions.
      

        demonstrate ability to exercise sound judgment to solve problems and make recommendations
      

        must be able to comprehend written and verbal instructions and technical documentation.
      


experience with embedded programing highly desired. 





    mts systems corporation is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer. all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, ethnicity, religion, creed, gender, gender identification, sexual orientation, national origin, physical or mental disability, age, marital status or veteran status.
    
     
  



nearest major market: raleigh
                    
                

job segment: 
manufacturing engineer, software engineer, engineer, electrical, developer, engineering, technology
                    





apply now »

apply now 


email  





please wait...











find similar jobs: 

view all jobs at mts,
software development jobs at mts systems,
software development jobs,
engineering jobs,
engineering





sign in
we noticed that you are already a member of our talent community. please enter your password to continue.


email*  not you?
password* 
forgot password?
* required field
submit cancel



account verification
we noticed you have accounts in our “talent community" and “application" systems. we take security seriously and need to verify your identity to synchronize your accounts.


account email:



please follow these steps to synchronize your accounts.


1. reset your password:



                                        the "reset password" link will open in a new browser window. return to this page to enter your new password.
                                    


click here to reset your password




2. enter your new password here:










submit cancel



account verification

your accounts have been successfully synchronized. use your new password when accessing our systems.

confirm



already a member
you are already a user of this site. please sign in.


email*  not you?

password* 
forgot password?
* required field
sign in cancel



start your application



existing users


email*

password*

forgot password?




new users
create a new account now!

start your application
receive email updates
join our talent community




sign in 

create


* required field


create profile




                    working...

next »







careers home
corporate home
view all jobs
socialmatcher


privacy policy




































