





software engineer - portland, or - corvel corporation jobs









 














home
jobs




software engineer - portland, or

toggle navigation








software engineer 

jobslogin 











 09-nov-2017 to 08-jan-2018 (pst) information technology portland, or, usa full time 



email me similar jobs email me this job



corvel corporation is looking for a software developer to design, develop and implement proprietary enterprise applications. corvel is a national provider of industry-leading workers' compensation solutions for employers, third party administrators, insurance companies, and government agencies. our continual investments in technology and human capital enable us to deliver the most innovative, integrated solutions. we are a growing company and a great place to work, with plenty of career advancement opportunities.
 
major responsibilities

develop and maintain complex software systems.
acquire extensive business and system knowledge.
apply system knowledge to diagnose and solve complex problems.
perform requirements analysis, design, peer reviews and documentation.
apply sound software engineering processes, including iterative development, unit testing, source code control, inspections and reviews.
must work well in fast-paced, constantly changing environment.
stay current with technology and industry best practices.

requirements

bs degree or higher in computer science, engineering or equivalent
5-8 years' experience in database design and queries in microsoft sql server using t-sql
1-2 years' experience in application development using c#
experience in asp.net mvc is a plus
ability to code and understand complex sql server programmable objects such as stored procedures, udfs and triggers in 2008 or higher
proficiency in microsoft sql server management studio 2012 and higher
familiarity with sql query performance optimization techniques
exposure to team foundation server and software process
proven analytical and problem-solving abilities
must be self-directed, analytical, adept to problem solving, and have a strong attention to detail
demonstrated ability to rapidly produce quality products under tight and strict deadlines
good communication and interpersonal skills
work independently with minimal supervision

 
all candidates must be eligible to work in the united states without visa sponsorship
in order to provide equal employment and advancement opportunities to all individuals, employment decisions at corvel will be based on merit, qualifications and abilities. except where required or permitted by law, employment practices will not be influenced or affected by an applicant's or employee's race, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, handicap or disability, marital status, medical condition or any other characteristic protected by applicable law.
please be aware that corvel generally does not review all applications submitted in response to job openings posted on the internet because of the large volume of responses.
note to employment agencies: please do not forward agency resumes. corvel corporation is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.
 

corvel corporation
https://corvel.applicantpro.com






apply now



you have javascript disabled on your browser. you will not be able to apply for this position without enabling javascript. if you need assistance with enabling javascript, please click here for assistance.





 

* fields are required




what is your full name?




first name



last name





how can we contact you?


email





phone number



number type

home
cell
work






what is your preferred method of communication?


email
text message






apply for this position
apply for this position
by clicking the button above, i agree to applicantpro's applicant information use policy. 






sign up for job alerts!








share this page







 


 


hiring software maintained by applicantpro - © 2017



refresh




 
 
 
 







go
common questions

















