













































home
about moda health
contact us





moda health. healthcare from your head to your toes.



about moda


mission statement


corporate giving


programs


careers


quality of care







for best results, please disable compatibility mode in internet explorer.









toggle navigation







portal home

create profile































the job you are applying to is currently closed to new submittals.

								software engineer (java) 
							










									job title
								

									software engineer (java) 
								







								duration
								

									open until filled
								







								location
								

									
										portland, 
									
									
										or 
									
									97204
								







									other location
								









								description
								

let’s do great things, together 
founded in oregon in 1955, moda is proud to be a company of real people committed to quality. today, like then, we’re focused on building a better future for healthcare. that starts by offering outstanding coverage to our members, compassionate support to our community and comprehensive benefits to our employees. it keeps going by connecting with neighbors to create healthy spaces and places, together.
moda health is seeking an experienced java software engineer to design, implement, document, and maintain internally and externally-facing web applications. 

primary functions:
1.    works with project managers, team members, and business analysts to define requirements for applications targeted for the corporate internet/intranet.
2.    designs web interfaces and processes to incorporate data from backend systems.
3.    creates and unit tests code using java ee.
4.    documents designs, code and data flows.
5.    maintains and enhances internet/intranet applications. provides technical support to application administrators.
6.    resolves problems with vendor technical support.
7.    performs other duties as assigned.
 
are you ready to be a betterist? 
if you’re ready to make a difference that matters, we want to hear from you. because it’s time to discover what’s possible.
together, we can be more. we can be better.
moda health seeks to allow equal employment opportunities for all qualified persons without regard to race, religion, color, age, sex, sexual orientation, national origin, marital status, disability, veteran status or any other status protected by law.








									required skills
								

								1.	bachelor degree or equivalent specializing in computer science, math, and/or engineering.2.	solid understanding of web technologies and programming languages.3.	3+ years computer programming experience in java ee.  experience with web services, jsf, spring, struts, and hibernate is desirable.4.	solid background in client/server programming and relational database systems.5.	strong analytical, problem solving, organizational, and detail orientation skills.6.	keep abreast of current and emerging internet and development technologies.7.	work well under pressure with frequent interruptions and shifting priorities.8.	maintain confidentiality and project a professional business image.9.	ability to be on call.
								












press room
careers
feedback
terms of use
privacy policy
hipaa

© 
        
        

        health services group
        health plans in oregon, washington and alaska provided by moda health plan, inc. dental plans in oregon provided by oregon dental service. dental plans in alaska provided by oregon dental service dba delta dental of alaska.









