

	software engineer #449952 portland, or






 

















view all jobs


company web site








building next-generation enterprise software
 we are seeking talented and passionate people to help us to build the next generation of enterprise software on aws. one out of every six fortune 500 employees relies on our award-winning software for their legal hold needs, which has helped us reach the inc. 500 and be recognized on deloitte’s 2016 technology fast 500. but we are only at the beginning.
zapproved sees cloud computing as a transformative architecture that serves as a competitive advantage, including driving cutting edge ‘serverless’ processing.  while we are proud of pushing technological limits and building cost-effective, hyper-fast products, we never lose line-of-sight with our customers. our job is to develop the right software to solve the pain points of the corporate legal team.





view all jobs
software engineer








×
email this job






your first name



your last name




your e-mail address



e-mail address to share with

subject

message










 send e-mail
close






 portland, or



apply



























×
employee referral





tell us who you are


first name
last name
e-mail address



                                please complete all 3 fields.
                            




how do you want to share?















close







company information
 



job description

zapproved is growing and we’re expanding our software team with new developers to keep pace with our product line.  to be successful, you’ll need to be a proactive, self-motivated engineer who is capable of taking on a range of activities spanning the full software lifecycle. you'll have experience with, and be excited about, developing a high-performance saas product in a b2b environment. you’ll habitually think outside the box and be unafraid to try something new.  ideally, you'll come in the door with web application experience and a firm understanding of web standards, usability, security and accessibility. you should be able come up to speed quickly on the tools used by our team, including aws, javascript, .net, mvc frameworks such as backbone.js, angularjs, asp.net mvc, web api 2 or typescript. you should also have a strong understanding of http and rest and proficiency with html and css.  

our products have won multiple industry awards and have blazed a trail for enterprise saas in legal departments. our client list is filled with household brands. our team is using cutting edge cloud technologies, including the aws lambda “serverless” compute service, to radically disrupt the economics and processing speed in our market. we’re seeking new engineers to keep us ahead of the curve.  as a zapprovian, you’ll join a group of sharp, collaborative developers delivering innovative, usable products and get paid to solve interesting problems.

how to apply: 

to be considered, please submit your résumé and cover letter. tell us why you’re interested, and why you think you’d be a good match for zapproved. we are looking for the things that drive and excite you and the mark that you want to leave on the world, so consider that in your cover letter. we think this is more important than your résumé, and we will read your letter first. if you are passionate about using your expertise to build a truly innovative product line, this is the opportunity you’ve been looking for.
skills & requirements

qualifications






 
 


powered by hirebridge











