





jobs — for⋅my⋅innovation
















































solutions
 enroll - college readiness
 product process
 operations management
 program management
other industries


customers


company





get a demo


help


sign in















solutions/ enroll - college readiness product process operations management program managementother industries
customers/
company/




get a demo/
help/
sign in/
















a visual database for everyone




jobs











solutions/ enroll - college readiness product process operations management program managementother industries
customers/
company/

























































culturefmyi [for my innovation] was founded in 2004 as the pioneer in social collaboration software. we host millions of workspaces for companies, government agencies, universities, and nonprofits of all sizes while being a b corporation committed to people, planet, and profit. we have an award-winning workplace flexibility culture featuring policies that embrace who you are at work and beyond. we have a remote workforce, having promoted telecommuting since our inception, and supporting people who take care of family members and pets at home. and we’re proud of our media coverage in techcrunch, new york times, businessweek, the oregonian, silicon florist, and other sources.software engineerare you a software engineer who wants to be a part of a dynamic team committed to standards-based web application development? would you like the variety of working on different web and mobile applications while learning new skills? do you enjoy workplace flexibility? and being in a tech company that not only cares about the environment and community, but goes the extra mile to get certified and registered as a b corporation? then apply to join the inspiring team at fmyi, where you’ll pick up skills and grow in our supportive environment.responsibilitiesdevelopment and maintenance of applicationsdatabase administration, including growth planningsystem administrationminimum qualificationssoftware engineering experience with javabasic understanding of sqlability to thrive in a fast-paced startupstrong communication and collaboration skillsself-motivated, self-starterpass a background checkpreferred qualificationssoftware engineering experience with php, ios, and androidprofessional experience in database and systems administration, and/or web developmentexperience with spring, hibernate, lucene, and knowledge of web standards (e.g. http, html, smtp)experience with ios or android mobile development experiencesustainability interest and/or experiencecompany benefitsaward winning flexible, collaborative, and casual work environmentno limit on time off to help balance life with being a productive contributor to the teammedical plan with 80% subsidy of employee’s premiumsdental and vision plan401k retirement plan with company matchemployee stock option plansustainability trainingto apply, email a cover letter and resumé to us. we’re looking forward to hearing from you!





 


 












































you can request a demo, view our help center, email us a question, or call +1.971.222.3016blog   team   media   jobs   security   terms of use   privacy policy







































© 2017 fmyi, inc. all rights reserved.



 



