

	qa engineer #461438 portland, or






 

















view all jobs


company web site








building next-generation enterprise software
 we are seeking talented and passionate people to help us to build the next generation of enterprise software on aws. one out of every six fortune 500 employees relies on our award-winning software for their legal hold needs, which has helped us reach the inc. 500 and be recognized on deloitte’s 2016 technology fast 500. but we are only at the beginning.
zapproved sees cloud computing as a transformative architecture that serves as a competitive advantage, including driving cutting edge ‘serverless’ processing.  while we are proud of pushing technological limits and building cost-effective, hyper-fast products, we never lose line-of-sight with our customers. our job is to develop the right software to solve the pain points of the corporate legal team.





view all jobs
qa engineer








×
email this job






your first name



your last name




your e-mail address



e-mail address to share with

subject

message










 send e-mail
close






 portland, or



apply



























×
employee referral





tell us who you are


first name
last name
e-mail address



                                please complete all 3 fields.
                            




how do you want to share?















close







company information
 



job description

zapproved is growing and we’re expanding our software team with new quality assurance engineers to keep pace with our product line.  we are seeking a qa engineer looking to advance their skills in engineering quality while contributing to ultimate product success and making our customers ridiculously happy.  to be successful, you should be a communicative, detail-oriented, creative problem solver who thrives in a diverse, fast-moving team. 
you’ll need to be able to efficiently pick up new technologies and adapt quickly as you collaborate with development, product management and customer support.  you’ll be hands-on, proactive, self-motivated, and committed to ensuring our software is up to the high standards expected by our customers before it is released.  ideally, you'll come in the door with web application testing experience and a firm understanding of web standards, usability, security, and accessibility. you should be able come up to speed quickly on the manual and automation tools used by our team, including aws and .net. you should also have a strong understanding of http and rest and proficiency with html and css.  you should be someone that has a passion for doing qa, but isn't satisfied with just doing qa.


how to apply: 
to be considered, please submit your résumé and cover letter. tell us why you’re interested, and why you think you’d be a good match for zapproved. we are looking for the things that drive and excite you and the mark that you want to leave on the world, so consider that in your cover letter. we think this is more important than your résumé, and we will read your letter first. if you are passionate about using your expertise to help build a truly innovative product line, this is the opportunity you’ve been looking for.



about zapproved:
zapproved is a software-as-a-service provider based in portland, or. our suite of e-discovery software offers corporate legal teams cloud-based technologies for conducting e-discovery affordably and sustainably. our growing customer base includes some of the world’s largest companies, including many in the fortune 500 and global 2000, across a wide variety of industries. recently, we’ve been recognized as: 

rising star company of the year  - 2016 oregon technology awards
best e-discovery legal hold product at 2016 legaltech news innovation awards
entrepreneur of the year in the 2016 women of influence awards - portland business journal
2016 best of the national law journal - best legal hold solution - legal hold pro by zapproved
skills & requirements

qualifications






 
 


powered by hirebridge











