



job application for software engineer (front-end) at acorns























          apply now
        
software engineer (front-end)

        at acorns
      
(view all jobs)

        portland, or
      


software engineer (front-end)  | acorns 
at acorns, we're building a different kind of investing experience - one that looks after the financial best interests of the up-and-coming. the acorns team is passionate about pursuing our mission and living our values. it all begins with heart. our heart leads us in everything we do. it allows us to make bold decisions, build trust, grow and advance our society. come find your place at acorns and join us in the revolution.
acorns is seeking a front-end engineer who has a passion for user experience and a background building rich, scalable, javascript web applications.
job description:

end-to-end ownership of design and implementation of product features
improve front-end codebase by developing a modular, performant, and maintainable javascript web application
elevate front-end architecture design to increase developer velocity and drive growth through acorns’ web platform
provide insight into front-end web development best practices; drive decisions around framework and tool choices
build efficient and reusable front-end abstractions and systems; optimize application for maximum speed and scalability
monitor, identify, and squash browser performance bottlenecks
work with cutting edge front-end technologies like react, redux, es6, node.js, and webpack
collaborate with other team members and stakeholders across the organization to produce a coherent product

job requirements:

bs in computer science or related field or 3+ years of professional software experience
3+ years of front-end development experience
3+ years of javascript experience
3+ years of experience with a css preprocessor (scss, less, etc)
2+ years of experience in a front-end framework (react, ember, angular, etc)
excellent understanding of software engineering fundamentals, design patterns and oop architecture
demonstrated eye for design and work samples
an eye and passion for beautiful and performant ui/ux
ability to work effectively on multiple projects with demanding deadlines in a team environment 

bonus:

experience with react and redux
1-2 years+ experience with a back-end language such as ruby, python or scala
experience with tdd and evangelistic about testing
experience with aws

what we offer:

competitive salary and stock options
a comprehensive benefits package to meet the needs of you and your family
unlimited paid time off
corporate gym access
daily breakfast, weekly team lunches, and an endless supply of snacks
numerous career possibilities that allow you to grow with acorns
talented and motivated team members who care deeply about one another, our mission and our customers.
the rare opportunity to create a new world. we inspire one another every day to do meaningful work that solves big societal challenges.

about acorns:
acorns is the leading micro-investing app in the u.s. it allows users to round up their daily purchases and automatically invest the change® into a low-cost, diversified portfolio of exchange-traded funds offered by some of the world's top asset managers (including vanguard and blackrock). founded in newport beach, calif., by father and son team walter and jeff cruttenden, acorns provides a simple entry-point using the acorns app on iphone or android. customers accumulate fractional shares in one of five portfolios constructed by world-renowned nobel laureate economist dr. harry markowitz. acorns' smart portfolio algorithms automatically work in the background of life, helping users build wealth naturally, pennies at a time. from acorns mighty oaks do grow.
mission:
with benevolence and courage, we look after the financial best interests of the up-and-coming; beginning with the empowering step of micro-investing.
values:

 lead with heart
 make bold decisions 
 always build trust
 never stop growing 
 advance our society

 
 







apply for this job

* required
        











(optional)

almost there! review your information then click 'submit application' to apply.



first name *



last name *



email *



phone *




              location (city)
                *




resume/cv *


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 














cover letter


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 

















linkedin profile
    





website
    





how did you hear about this job? *






will you now or in the future require sponsorship for employment visa status? *






why do you want to work for acorns?
    








u.s. equal opportunity employment information (completion is voluntary)


  individuals seeking employment at acorns are considered without regards
  to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical
  or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation. you are
  being given the opportunity to provide the following information in order to help us
  comply with federal and state equal employment opportunity/affirmative action record
  keeping, reporting, and other legal requirements.


  completion of the form is entirely voluntary. whatever your decision,
  it will not be considered in the hiring process or thereafter. any information that you
  do provide will be recorded and maintained in a confidential file.


gender
please selectmale
female
decline to self identify


are you hispanic/latino?
please selectyes
no
decline to self identify


please identify your race
please selectamerican indian or alaskan native
asian
black or african american
hispanic or latino
white
native hawaiian or other pacific islander
two or more races
decline to self identify


      race & ethnicity definitions


  if you believe you belong to any of the categories of protected veterans listed below,
  please indicate by making the appropriate selection.  as a government contractor
  subject to vietnam era veterans readjustment assistance act (vevraa), we request this
  information in order to measure the effectiveness of the outreach and positive
  recruitment efforts we undertake pursuant to vevraa. classification of protected
  categories is as follows:


  a "disabled veteran" is one of the following: a veteran of the u.s. military, ground,
  naval or air service who is entitled to compensation (or who but for the receipt of
  military retired pay would be entitled to compensation) under laws administered by the
  secretary of veterans affairs; or a person who was discharged or released from active
  duty because of a service-connected disability.


  a "recently separated veteran" means any veteran during the three-year period beginning
  on the date of such veteran's discharge or release from active duty in the u.s.
  military, ground, naval, or air service.


  an "active duty wartime or campaign badge veteran" means a veteran who served on active
  duty in the u.s. military, ground, naval or air service during a war, or in a campaign
  or expedition for which a campaign badge has been authorized under the laws
  administered by the department of defense.


  an "armed forces service medal veteran" means a veteran who, while serving on active
  duty in the u.s. military, ground, naval or air service, participated in a united
  states military operation for which an armed forces service medal was awarded pursuant
  to executive order 12985.


veteran status
please selecti am not a protected veteran
i identify as one or more of the classifications of a protected veteran
i don't wish to answer



form cc-305
omb control number 1250-0005
expires 1/31/2020

voluntary self-identification of disability
why are you being asked to complete this form?

  because we do business with the government, we must reach out to, hire, and provide
  equal opportunity to qualified people with disabilities1.  to help us
  measure how well we are doing, we are asking you to tell us if you have a disability or
  if you ever had a disability.  completing this form is voluntary, but we hope that you
  will choose to fill it out.  if you are applying for a job, any answer you give will be
  kept private and will not be used against you in any way.


  if you already work for us, your answer will not be used against you in any way.
  because a person may become disabled at any time, we are required to ask all of our
  employees to update their information every five years.  you may voluntarily
  self-identify as having a disability on this form without fear of any punishment
  because you did not identify as having a disability earlier.

how do i know if i have a disability?

  you are considered to have a disability if you have a physical or mental impairment or
  medical condition that substantially limits a major life activity, or if you have a
  history or record of such an impairment or medical condition.

disabilities include, but are not limited to:

blindness
deafness
cancer
diabetes
epilepsy
autism
cerebral palsy
hiv/aids
schizophrenia
muscular dystrophy
bipolar disorder
major depression
multiple sclerosis (ms)
missing limbs or partially missing limbs
post-traumatic stress disorder (ptsd)
obsessive compulsive disorder
impairments requiring the use of a wheelchair
intellectual disability (previously called mental retardation)


disability status
please selectyes, i have a disability (or previously had a disability)
no, i don't have a disability
i don't wish to answer

reasonable accommodation notice

  federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified
  individuals with disabilities. please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation
  to apply for a job or to perform your job.  examples of reasonable accommodation
  include making a change to the application process or work procedures, providing
  documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using
  specialized equipment.


1section 503 of the rehabilitation act of 1973, as amended.  for more
  information about this form or the equal employment obligations of federal contractors,
  visit the u.s. department of labor's office of federal contract compliance programs
  (ofccp) website at www.dol.gov/ofccp.


  public burden statement:  according to the paperwork reduction act of 1995 no persons
  are required to respond to a collection of information unless such collection displays
  a valid omb control number. this survey should take about 5 minutes to complete.








 



share this job:    













powered by 

 
      read our privacy policy

















