


			front-end engineer -			opal -
			job board
		










































platform


careers




log in


request a demo














front-end engineer



portland, or



full time



engineering



mid level









about opal
at opal, we believe that software should be beautiful, simple and designed for the job at hand. our software is redefining marketing collaboration for brand teams, allowing for more creativity and better results for teams of all sizes. our customers are creative, passionate people and we’re helping them rediscover the best parts of their job.
we are building a world class organization of creative and strategic thinkers. our team is deeply invested in creating a culture that promotes design thinking, collaboration and a passion for excellence. we work together as one team, revolutionizing the modern marketing organization. we even manage to have a lot of fun while we’re at it.
the ideal candidate
we’re looking for exceptional engineers that believe the best products come from a blend of technology and design.
we foster this belief by combining engineering and design into one team. this enables engineers to have a voice from the beginning of a project’s lifecycle and designers to shape a project up until it ships.
opal is a robust backbone/marionette web application that is powered by a ruby/rails-based api. we are constantly seeking new technologies that will allow us to build a better product and service the needs of our rapidly growing customer base. all members of the engineering team help define the future of our technology stack.
responsibilities:

building cutting-edge web applications using react and backbone/marionette
implementing beautiful uis with equally beautiful code
collaborate with opal's design team on interactions, animations, ui polishing, and more
using git/github to manage our code and jira/confluence to manage our product features and tickets
taking part in brainstorms and/or workshops to help set product direction and determine the next feature in the roadmap
identifying, researching and proposing new technologies
supporting the opal team by lending a helping hand, or ear, whenever necessary

required skills:

a strong knowledge of building large, maintainable, performant javascript mvc web applications, ideally with react and backbone/marionette
the ability to build clean, maintainable, pixel-perfect html/css
a working knowledge of ruby/rails and node
great communication, even under pressure
a willingness to be open and collaborative

benefits:

a full-time, salaried position
full healthcare coverage (health, dental, vision, fsa)
early-stage stock options
company-provided computer setup
company-sponsored outreach and activity programs
a tight-knit, very supportive team — we pride ourselves on our culture
a fun, open office with ping pong, video games and snacks for days
exposure to some of the biggest brands on the planet

at opal, we are building a world class organization of creative and strategic thinkers. there are no individual egos at opal, only a team that strives to revolution the modern marketing organization.



apply for this position










			* required fields
		










first name*





last name*





email address*





location 





phone number*





resume*


attach resume or
					paste resume





						attach resume as .pdf, .doc, or .docx (limit 2mb) or
						paste resume



 




						paste your resume here or
						attach resume file



 



cover letter*





college or university





linkedin profile url:





website, blog or portfolio:





desired salary





in 150 characters or fewer, tell us what makes you unique. try to be creative and say something that will catch our eye!*
















 





