



mod op - jobs: software engineer - drupal - apply online

























all jobs
→
software engineer - drupal

software engineer - drupal
portland, oregon, united states · tech

descriptionmod op is looking for a software engineer with experience in drupal to partner with our team of developers and help build and grow our drupal business. the ideal candidate is a well-rounded drupal developer with at least two years of experience developing drupal applications. opportunity you’ll work alongside our senior drupal engineer along with other engineers in the team to develop drupal sites. we have several projects that are powered by drupal 8, so experience with that or a strong history with drupal 7 and an understanding of the changes between the two versions is required. you should be comfortable working within a team of developers and alongside a senior drupal engineer to develop sites. the ideal candidate is a self-starter and is comfortable independently researching and exploring technical solutions. we are looking for candidates for a contract-to-hire role in our portland, or offices. responsibilities  apply your knowledge of drupal to develop both front end theme driven components, as well as back end module driven components of the site.  research and leverage common 3rd party "contrib" modules as well as define and implement custom developed module solutions when needed. work within our agile team to help refine, implement and validate our user stories in light of your knowledge of drupal best-practice structures, patterns, and/or modules that may be applied.  distill flat photoshop comps into drupal theme components for implementation within the site. support of drupal production sites.  requirements 2+ years’ or more developing and architecting drupal websites. 4+ years’ or more web development experience working within php.  experience working collaboratively with the team to develop the experience locally and deploy drupal applications. experience with git and overall best practices. passionate about technology and learning and evaluating new technologies. work on-site within our portland offices. laptop capable of running drupal environment locally (macos preferred).  good oral and personal hygiene.  our team likes to work close. a strong command of the english language. bonus experience working with drupal 8.  experience working with drupal migrations. experience working with acquia build launch tool (blt). experience working wordpress sites.  experience working with distributed teams. 

apply for this job











mod op website

powered by
workable





