





nautilus, inc. - career opportunities









 

















software engineer


location:
vancouver, wa


division:
it  (information technology)


requisition number:
2100


number of openings:
1



description
at nautilus, fitness isn’t just a job, it’s our passion.  we strive to improve the health and wellbeing of everyone who works with us because we see the benefits of a happier, more productive, engaged and creative workforce.  our culture is one that promotes work life balance; offers continuing education on topics ranging from improving workplace skills to better financial security; and promotes the importance of getting involved and giving back to the community.
we're a leading marketer and developer of health and fitness products with some of the most recognized brands in the industry, including nautilus®, bowflex®, octane fitness®, schwinn® fitness and universal®.   we are currently recruiting for a software engineer to join our it team at our headquarters in vancouver, wa. 
 
summary
in this role, an individual will be expected to understand functional requirements to design and develop new functionalities while understanding and enhancing existing modules in a fast-paced, cloud-centric environment. communicating effectively and collaborating extensively in a cross-functional team environment, an individual in this role needs to operate with a sense of urgency and exhibit pride and ownership to create top-quality solutions, optimally aligned with the evolving needs of the organization.
 
essential duties and responsibilities include the following. 

acquire a complete and thorough understanding of the nautilus business systems.
coordinate with business owners and analysts to develop a thorough understanding of the detailed requirements for new or existing processes.
design, code and unit test changes per specifications.
provide alternate solutions pertinent to business needs.
build and deploy changes to different environments in sprint/release cycles.
post-deployment, support the changes in the production environment.

all employees are expected to perform any reasonable work requested that falls within the qualification but not specifically described.
 
qualifications & experience
to perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily.  the requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required.  reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

degree in computer science.
2+ years of software development experience in a cloud-centric environment.
2+ years of experience in customizing netsuite using suitescript 1.0/2.0
2+ years of integration experience using web services, restlets
ability to analyze requirements and design scalable, robust solutions.


excellent verbal and written communication skills.
ability to deal effectively with a rapidly changing environment.

 
preferred qualifications

development experience in microsoft .net and c#
working knowledge of rdbms, preferably sql server 2012+
conversant with various sdlc methodologies
familiarity with version control system, preferably github
familiarity with aws

 
we offer a competitive benefits package including medical, dental, 401(k) match, espp, life & accident insurance, disability insurance, paid vacation and holidays, wellness program, tuition reimbursement, product discounts and free use of our employee fitness center for yourself and spouse. 
nautilus is an equal opportunity employer and is committed to diversity in its workforce. in demonstration of our commitment to a healthier lifestyle, we are proud to be a smoke-free campus.
 
 

























previous applicants:


email:





password:





if you do not remember your password click here.




back to search results


new search


























copyright © 2016. nautilus, inc.  all rights reserved. contact us





