



job application for full stack software engineer -.net at accela























          apply now
        
full stack software engineer -.net

        at accela
      
(view all jobs)

        portland, or
      


who is accela:
accela is an industry-leading cloud/web/mobile based software company that was recently honored with the ‘great place to work’ certification and is one of the leading govtech 100 companies. 
for more than 15 years, accela has been the industry leader in designing and delivering productivity and engagement software solutions to help government agencies to be their best. accela provides a cloud-based saas platform suite of products that help local/state/federal government and civic agencies serve local communities more efficiently and effectively. 
accela’s software drives efficiency for over 2,200 governments and is accessible to more than 160 million citizens worldwide. more than 80% of america’s 50 largest cities such as new york, san diego, san francisco, miami, and denver have implemented at least one of accela’s many solutions.
 
why accela:
accela offers employees a culture that emphasizes performance, productivity and collaboration. you can’t help but feel empowered, engaged and motivated when you work with like-minded individuals who are driven and passionate about contributing to a market-leading, high-growth software organization with proven technology.  
while we are busy changing the world, we also strongly believe in having fun and excitement at work, and encourage a collaborative and healthy work-life balance. 
if you are motivated by the idea of delivering on the promise of democracy in the digital age and solving for a new era of more efficient, open and innovative governance, then we’d love to hear from you.
 
where you fit:
as a software engineer, you will drive the design, implementation and support of our civic platform. we are looking for people who have a deep understanding of software engineering, web product development, and who are passionate about technology and eager to drive platform innovation.
 
impact you will make in the role:

participate in the development of a next-generation saas platform, primarily built upon asp.net web api, .net core, angular2, and typescript
analyze complex system and business requirements
optimize web applications to maximize speed and scale
follow agile development methodologies
help establish best-practice development standards by working with developers both within and outside the core team
work with qa engineers to develop testing protocols to identify and correct defects

 
expertise you will bring in:

2+ years of software development experience in cloud based, multi-tiered, enterprise application systems with c#/.net
experience in html5, css, typescript, and modern javascript frameworks
experience with ms sql-server databases, including sql and database design
excellent problem solving, analytical, communication, organization and interpersonal skills
independent thinker with creative, resourceful and proactive problem solving skills
driven to automate everything
ability to work both independently and as a team player
experience and understanding of software source control systems, preferably git
bachelor of science degree or equivalent experience in computer science or related field of study

 
bonus qualifications:

experience in micro-service or service oriented architectures
devops experience

  
benefits and perks:
beyond a stellar work environment, great people and inspiring, innovative work, we have some great benefits and perks:

competitive salaries
401(k) with company match and stock plans to all employees
medical, dental and vision coverage for you and your family, along with other wellness and disability plans
11 paid holidays; competitive and flexible paid time off policy
catered lunches, fully stocked kitchens, walking trails and nearby access to restaurants, food trucks and farmer’s markets in some of our locations

 
accela is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer  
all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, sex, color, religion, national origin, protected veteran status, or on the basis of disability, gender identity, and sexual orientation.







apply for this job

* required
        











(optional)

almost there! review your information then click 'submit application' to apply.



first name *



last name *



email *



phone




              location (city)
            



resume/cv


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 














cover letter


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 















+ add another




linkedin profile
    





website
    





how did you hear about this job?
    







u.s. equal opportunity employment information (completion is voluntary)


  individuals seeking employment at accela are considered without regards
  to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical
  or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation. you are
  being given the opportunity to provide the following information in order to help us
  comply with federal and state equal employment opportunity/affirmative action record
  keeping, reporting, and other legal requirements.


  completion of the form is entirely voluntary. whatever your decision,
  it will not be considered in the hiring process or thereafter. any information that you
  do provide will be recorded and maintained in a confidential file.


gender
please selectmale
female
decline to self identify


are you hispanic/latino?
please selectyes
no
decline to self identify


please identify your race
please selectamerican indian or alaskan native
asian
black or african american
hispanic or latino
white
native hawaiian or other pacific islander
two or more races
decline to self identify


      race & ethnicity definitions


  if you believe you belong to any of the categories of protected veterans listed below,
  please indicate by making the appropriate selection.  as a government contractor
  subject to vietnam era veterans readjustment assistance act (vevraa), we request this
  information in order to measure the effectiveness of the outreach and positive
  recruitment efforts we undertake pursuant to vevraa. classification of protected
  categories is as follows:


  a "disabled veteran" is one of the following: a veteran of the u.s. military, ground,
  naval or air service who is entitled to compensation (or who but for the receipt of
  military retired pay would be entitled to compensation) under laws administered by the
  secretary of veterans affairs; or a person who was discharged or released from active
  duty because of a service-connected disability.


  a "recently separated veteran" means any veteran during the three-year period beginning
  on the date of such veteran's discharge or release from active duty in the u.s.
  military, ground, naval, or air service.


  an "active duty wartime or campaign badge veteran" means a veteran who served on active
  duty in the u.s. military, ground, naval or air service during a war, or in a campaign
  or expedition for which a campaign badge has been authorized under the laws
  administered by the department of defense.


  an "armed forces service medal veteran" means a veteran who, while serving on active
  duty in the u.s. military, ground, naval or air service, participated in a united
  states military operation for which an armed forces service medal was awarded pursuant
  to executive order 12985.


veteran status
please selecti am not a protected veteran
i identify as one or more of the classifications of a protected veteran
i don't wish to answer



form cc-305
omb control number 1250-0005
expires 1/31/2020

voluntary self-identification of disability
why are you being asked to complete this form?

  because we do business with the government, we must reach out to, hire, and provide
  equal opportunity to qualified people with disabilities1.  to help us
  measure how well we are doing, we are asking you to tell us if you have a disability or
  if you ever had a disability.  completing this form is voluntary, but we hope that you
  will choose to fill it out.  if you are applying for a job, any answer you give will be
  kept private and will not be used against you in any way.


  if you already work for us, your answer will not be used against you in any way.
  because a person may become disabled at any time, we are required to ask all of our
  employees to update their information every five years.  you may voluntarily
  self-identify as having a disability on this form without fear of any punishment
  because you did not identify as having a disability earlier.

how do i know if i have a disability?

  you are considered to have a disability if you have a physical or mental impairment or
  medical condition that substantially limits a major life activity, or if you have a
  history or record of such an impairment or medical condition.

disabilities include, but are not limited to:

blindness
deafness
cancer
diabetes
epilepsy
autism
cerebral palsy
hiv/aids
schizophrenia
muscular dystrophy
bipolar disorder
major depression
multiple sclerosis (ms)
missing limbs or partially missing limbs
post-traumatic stress disorder (ptsd)
obsessive compulsive disorder
impairments requiring the use of a wheelchair
intellectual disability (previously called mental retardation)


disability status
please selectyes, i have a disability (or previously had a disability)
no, i don't have a disability
i don't wish to answer

reasonable accommodation notice

  federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified
  individuals with disabilities. please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation
  to apply for a job or to perform your job.  examples of reasonable accommodation
  include making a change to the application process or work procedures, providing
  documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using
  specialized equipment.


1section 503 of the rehabilitation act of 1973, as amended.  for more
  information about this form or the equal employment obligations of federal contractors,
  visit the u.s. department of labor's office of federal contract compliance programs
  (ofccp) website at www.dol.gov/ofccp.


  public burden statement:  according to the paperwork reduction act of 1995 no persons
  are required to respond to a collection of information unless such collection displays
  a valid omb control number. this survey should take about 5 minutes to complete.








 



share this job:    















        school name
      





        degree
      

high school
associate's degree
bachelor's degree
master's degree
master of business administration (m.b.a.)
juris doctor (j.d.)
doctor of medicine (m.d.)
doctor of philosophy (ph.d.)
engineer's degree
other



        discipline
      

accounting
african studies
agriculture
anthropology
applied health services
architecture
art
asian studies
biology
business
business administration
chemistry
classical languages
communications & film
computer science
dentistry
developing nations
discipline unknown
earth sciences
economics
education
electronics
engineering
english studies
environmental studies
european studies
fashion
finance
fine arts
general studies
health services
history
human resources management
humanities
industrial arts & carpentry
information systems
international relations
journalism
languages
latin american studies
law
linguistics
manufacturing & mechanics
mathematics
medicine
middle eastern studies
naval science
north american studies
nuclear technics
operations research & strategy
organizational theory
philosophy
physical education
physical sciences
physics
political science
psychology
public policy
public service
religious studies
russian & soviet studies
scandinavian studies
science
slavic studies
social science
social sciences
sociology
speech
statistics & decision theory
urban studies
veterinary medicine



        start date
      





        end date
      








powered by 

 
      read our privacy policy
















