



job application for full stack software engineer at simplyinsured























          apply now
        
full stack software engineer

        at simplyinsured
      
(view all jobs)

        san francisco
      


we are looking for hackers and generalists who value using software to improve lives and make an impact while tackling difficult technical problems. we are built on ruby on rails and react, but what's most important is solving problems and getting stuff done.
 
reporting to our head of engineering and working closely with our head of product, our engineers build customer-facing tools with significant autonomy and product ownership. our engineers are the key to our growth, and their opinions valued.
 
simplyinsured is a 100% online platform to buy small business health insurance. we are revolutionizing the $20b health insurance brokerage market and improving our customers' lives.
 
we have thousands of delighted customers, grow in double digits every month, and are backed by ycombinator and some of silicon valley’s top entrepreneurs and investors.
 
who you are:


an engineer with 2+ years of relevant experience - code samples are best (share your github, personal website, previous projects, etc.)
ready to do everything from tweaking nginx on our servers, to building analytics and marketing solutions, to designing entirely new insurance services
committed to our product with a strong desire to build product and win
technical background: a degree in cs, ee, math, physics, molecular gastronomy, etc.
bonus points if you have worked at a startup


who we are: 


a mission-driven team who want to fundamentally transform the health insurance industry
self starters with a history of building (and breaking) things
high trust, achievement, and transparency culture
problems solvers
data-driven thinkers

what we offer: 

generous stock option packages
lunch and dinner every day (along with healthy snacks)
team-building activities like wine tastings, hikes, and volunteer opportunities
health, vision, dental insurance (duh!)
a values-based culture that invests in employee success









apply for this job

* required
        











(optional)

almost there! review your information then click 'submit application' to apply.



first name *



last name *



email *



phone



resume/cv


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 














cover letter


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 

















linkedin profile
    





website
    





how did you hear about this job?
    











 



share this job:    













powered by 

 
      read our privacy policy
















