 







software engineer - application backend - engineering - san francisco, ca - careers at yelp






























yelpdusqytusd



careers









            home

        






            job openings

        






            who we are

        



























                    home
            












                    job openings
            












                    who we are
            

























                software engineer - application backend
            

                engineering • san francisco, ca
            
apply now







summary
yelp is the richest source of local business data and user-generated content in the world, and our application backend engineers use that data to power our websites and mobile apps. as an application backend engineer you’ll be working closely with mobile and web application developers to bring our 100m+ reviews to millions of users all around the world.application backend engineers are tackling a diverse set of challenges across yelp engineering. want to make a huge impact on our users looking for the best local businesses? build products for business owners to get the most out of yelp? tackle some of the most challenging problems in distributed computing and api design? what about making yelp an authentic, local experience in over thirty countries? we’d love to chat. we are an agile team that creates an amazing experience for millions of yelpers. we are engineers. and we are also makers (of burrito bombers), roller girls, pilots, bakers, and cartwheelers. join our world-class team and be a one of the personalities that make the yelp culture awesome.

we are looking for:

solid understanding of and interest in elegant api designs.mastery of at least one programming language - python, objective-c, java, etc.battle-proven sql knowledge.experience working in a test-driven development environment.comfortable working in a unix environment.a craving for new knowledge and challenges!if you don't have at least one year of experience in a similar role, please take a look at our college engineering roles instead!

pluses:

familiarity with mobile and web development.love of python.excitement about the challenges of internationalization, scalability, and performance.active contributor to open source software.


pursuant to the san francisco fair chance ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.*li-ms1




                                yelp values diversity. we’re proud to be an equal opportunity employer and consider qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, age, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital or family status, veteran status, medical condition or disability.
                            



                                note: yelp does not accept agency resumes. please do not forward resumes to any recruiting alias or employee. yelp is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.
                            






back to all job postings
                    










about


about yelp


careers


press


investor relations


content guidelines


terms of service


privacy policy


ad choices






discover


the local yelp


yelp blog


support


yelp mobile


developers


rss






yelp for business owners


claim your business page


advertise on yelp


yelp reservations


business success stories


business support


yelp blog for business owners







languages





                    english
                















                bahasa malaysia (malaysia)
        







                čeština (česká republika)
        







                dansk (danmark)
        







                deutsch (deutschland)
        





                deutsch (schweiz)
        





                deutsch (österreich)
        







                english (australia)
        





                english (belgium)
        





                english (canada)
        





                english (hong kong)
        





                english (malaysia)
        





                english (new zealand)
        





                english (philippines)
        





                english (republic of ireland)
        





                english (singapore)
        





                english (switzerland)
        





                english (united kingdom)
        





                english (united states)
        







                español (argentina)
        





                español (chile)
        





                español (españa)
        





                español (méxico)
        







                filipino (pilipinas)
        







                français (belgique)
        





                français (canada)
        





                français (france)
        





                français (suisse)
        







                italiano (italia)
        





                italiano (svizzera)
        







                nederlands (belgië)
        





                nederlands (nederland)
        







                norsk (norge)
        







                polski (polska)
        







                português (brasil)
        





                português (portugal)
        







                suomi (suomi)
        







                svenska (finland)
        





                svenska (sverige)
        







                türkçe (türkiye)
        







                日本語 (日本)
        







                繁體中文 (台灣)
        





                繁體中文 (香港)
        










countries





                    united states
                















                argentina
        







                australia
        







                austria
        







                belgium
        







                brazil
        







                canada
        







                chile
        







                czech republic
        







                denmark
        







                finland
        







                france
        







                germany
        







                hong kong
        







                italy
        







                japan
        







                malaysia
        







                mexico
        







                new zealand
        







                norway
        







                philippines
        







                poland
        







                portugal
        







                republic of ireland
        







                singapore
        







                spain
        







                sweden
        







                switzerland
        







                taiwan
        







                the netherlands
        







                turkey
        







                united kingdom
        







                united states
        
















about


blog


support


terms




            copyright © 2004–2017 yelp inc. yelp, ,  and related marks are registered trademarks of yelp.
    









