



      career
    































































toggle navigation








features


pricing


contact












sign up


login










features


premium


pro


pricing


contact






      your information saved successfully.
    














            open positions
          

            engineering
          



              software engineer (san francisco)
              



              ios engineer (san francisco)
              



              android engineer (san francisco)
              



              telephony/network engineer (san francisco)
              



              interaction designer (san francisco)
              



            product
          



              product manager, business, analytics, and metrics (san francisco)
              



            restaurant & community relations
          



              platform evangelist / community manager (san francisco)
              



              platform evangelist / community manager (new york)
              



              platform evangelist / community manager (boston)
              



              platform evangelist / community manager (dallas/austin)
              



              platform evangelist / community manager (chicago)
              



              platform evangelist / community manager (seattle)
              



              platform evangelist / community manager (miami)
              



              platform evangelist / community manager (los angeles)
              



            other
          



              manager, business development (san francisco)
              



              inside sales (any location)
              








            nosh is changing the way in which restaurants operate their dining rooms and interact
            with their diners.
            
            we're a small team obsessed with using big data to improve
            operational efficiencies, drive revenues, and elevate the dining experience in the
            most cost effective way possible. at our core we are a passionate above all else
            about what we do. we love our restaurant partners and they love the industry
            defining ways in which we are innovating the restaurant technology space.
            think of nosh like an iceberg, what you see is only 10% of what we've got
            going on. so if you're interested in the problems our products are already
            solving, you're going to love what we've got planned. interested? check out
            the open positions below and send us a note. we'd love to hear from you.
          




            perks
          


              flexible vacation policy
            

              complete medical/dental benefits
            

              choose your setup (monitor, laptop, etc.)
            

              ipad for all new employees
            



        softwareengineer
        





            software engineer
          

            we're looking for awesome software engineers who want to build the future of restaurant technology. we 
            have to work to do across the system: frontend web design in css/js/html; web backend in python 
            on appengine; mobile apps for ios and android; and telephony backend in c, c++ and python. we're 
            looking for engineers who are excited to help with each of those, whether they're fresh out of school and 
            looking to learn, a long-time veteran, or somewhere in between. our engineers play a key role in product
            development, from concept to launch, so be ready to bring your creative ideas to the table.
            
            here's what we're looking for:
          


              a solid foundation in computer science, with strong competencies in data structures, algorithms, 
              and software design
            

              discipline to build things the right way, and test them
            

              always looking for feedback on how to work better
            

              able to communicate cross-discipline: you can help a designer or product person understand the technical trade-offs of your work
            

              highly effective without a lot of direct supervision and handholding
            

              gets stuff done: smart, hardworking, self-motivated, the usual
            

              as a bonus, we love to see open source contributions or side projects you've built on your own
            


          apply
          

          iosengineer
          



            ios engineer
          

            nosh is seeking an experienced ios developer to join our mobile engineering team. our ios developers 
            are responsible for keeping our products simple and making our users faster and smarter by giving them 
            seamless experiences. at nosh we value design, user experience, and accuracy. if it's not beautiful, 
            reliable, and magical, we won't ship it. we're looking for people who share our values, particularly if 
            you have the passion to simplify the world of mobile. in addition to the software engineer requirements 
            above, you have:
          


              experience releasing at least one application into the app store
            

              experience building applications in memory- and network-constrained scenarios
            

              fluency with objective-c and cocoa
            

              knowledge of cutting-edge ios technologies
            


          apply
          

          androidengineer
          



            android engineer
          

            want to help us build the next generation of our android applications? nosh is hiring passionate android 
            developers to re-invent the world of mobile. as part of nosh's mobile engineering team you will help 
            architect, build, iterate and manage our broad set of mobile application and website products. we value 
            design, user experience, and accuracy. if it's not beautiful, reliable, and magical, we won't ship it. in 
            addition to the software engineer requirements above, you have:
          


              experience releasing at least one application into the android market
            

              experience building applications in memory- and network-constrained scenarios
            

              solid understanding of the intricacies of the android platform
            

              knowledge of java language and related frameworks
            


          apply
          

          telephonyoperations
          



            telephony/network engineer
          

            looking for a telephony / network engineer who loves troubleshooting complex issues involving multiple 
            protocols, languages and processes. must have super sharp analytical skills and an ability to learn on the 
            fly. logical reasoning is key in this role. here's what we're looking for:
          


              linux shell
            

              voip protocols
            

              general networking
            

              sql
            

              scripting languages
            

              general system administration
            

              log analysis
            

              open source voip platforms
            


          apply
          

          interactiondesigner
          



            interaction designer
          

            we are looking for highly motivated and skilled interaction designers to join our team. we are tackling 
            a big problem and are looking for someone with a history of architecting intuitive and effective user 
            experiences and flows. we care deeply about design and are looking for someone who shares our 
            obsession with elegant interfaces and delightful user experiences.
            
            here's what we're looking for:
          


              experience designing user interactions for complex, interactive web/mobile applications.
            

              fluency in best practices for web/mobile information architecture and design.
            

              experience using analytics and data to inform design decisions and improve products iteratively.
            

              experience working closely with product managers, visual designers, and engineering teams.
            

              experience managing multiple projects, and thriving in fast-paced, startup environments.
            

              ability to rapidly visualize/prototype concepts.
            

              exceptional creativity and willingness to push the boundaries of interaction design.
            

              must possess an online portfolio with a range of interactive samples (sites, mobile apps, etc).
            


          apply
          

          productmanager
          



            product manager, business, analytics, and metrics
          

            like big data? in this role, you will work with a team of top notch engineers to make sense of user data, 
            empower our salesforce, and extend our platform through partnerships. with millions of diners seated and 
            thousands of restaurants we generate a ton of data. in this role, you will build systems to make this data 
            more useful and accessible for reporting, analysis, and monitoring. you will also work with our business 
            development and sales teams to figure out ways to make their efforts more effective and productive by 
            refining their tools and surfacing key metrics. here's what we're looking for:
          


              cs or similar degree so you can effectively communicate with our engineering team.
            

              cognitive ability to figure out complex problems and constantly think about how to refine 
              processes.
            

              significant experience building beautiful app/sites/products that are as much intuitive as they are 
              beneficial to the end user.
            


          apply
          

          platformevangelist
          



            platform evangelist / community manager
          

            are you a foodie? do you know all about the hottest local restaurants? when you walk into a restaurant, 
            do you engage with the staff beyond the basic "hello" or "table for three"? do you love meeting new 
            people? do you hate too many questions? noshlist is the industry leading free ipad waitlist app that 
            text and calls diners when their table is ready using proprietary telephony technology. if you've ever 
            used google voice (aka the most prominent voip service in the world) you're already familiar with our 
            work. officially launched in february 2012, noshlist has been implemented in thousands of restaurants 
            and seated millions of diners in it's short tenure. additionally we have a consumer facing application 
            nosh, which is pre-loaded with over 18 million menu items for finding "what's good here" everywhere 
            you go, rating, reviewing, and sharing what you eat with your friends. to date we have over 2 million unique
            dish-level reviews too. currently we are looking for restaurant-centric people to help cultivate 
            major markets across the country, identify key restaurants for noshlist, and establish connections with 
            diners to promote the use of our consumer application, nosh. this includes meeting with restaurateurs, 
            throwing nosh-ups (parties) for fellow foodies at noshlist restaurants, and being the catalyst in making 
            paper wait-lists obsolete and nosh the most prominent front-of-house technology platform in the country. 
            if you're interested in helping to bring the nosh platform to your city and representing the nosh product 
            suite in your city, we'd love to talk. did we mention our apps are free? here's what we're looking for:
          


              someone passion about the restaurant industry and tied in with influencers within your local 
              restaurant community; experience working in a full-service restaurant is a must. no exceptions.
            

              must have the ability to identify decision makers within applicable restaurants establishing a 
              pipeline of restaurant partners (i.e. high traffic, full service, non-to-light reservation based).
            

              meet standard weekly download goals as well as individual quotas, manage the entire process 
              planning and scheduling face-to-face demonstrations and helping to onboard new accounts.
            

              influence and build relationships as a representative of nosh at applicable industry events.
            


          apply
          

          manager
          



            manager, business development
          

            like in any industry, relationships in the restaurant industry hold the keys to success. as a manager 
            within the business development function of nosh, you will be responsible for cultivating and nurturing 
            the relationships that drive the success of our product and future of the company. in this role you will work 
            directly with the executive team to identify key contacts and develop key strategic initiatives to secure 
            future partnerships. here's what we're looking for:
          


              4+ years in business/corporate development with a proven track record of establishing 
              relationships, closing deals, and expanding partnerships.
            

              comfort and past success penetrating medium to large restaurant groups.
            

              proven history of success in complex negotiations, establishing relationships with various new 
              partners.
            

              abnormally strong interpersonal skills, a desire to build something, and passion for the restaurant 
              industry above all else.
            

              background, experience, and deep knowledge of the full-service restaurant industry. no exceptions.
            


          apply
          

          inside sales
          



            inside sales (any location)
          

            restaurants love noshlist, however, getting the message out isn't always easy. as an inside
            sale representative, it's your job to put noshlist on the map. inside sales reps
            must possess keen sales, account management, and problem-solving qualities.
            a track record of success selling into smbs and excellent communication skills
            are absolutely essential. here's what we're looking for:
          


              ability to plan and schedule meetings and demonstrations with restaurant decision makers
            

              no fear selling attitude capable of cold calling restaurants and identifying key decision makers
            

              experience in managing the entire sales process
            

              at least 2 years of experience selling to restaurants or similar industries
            

              track record of consistently meeting or exceeding sales goals
            

              strong sales and negotiating skills
            

              excellent written and verbal communication skills
            

              ability to work independently
            

              affinity for working in active and constantly evolving environments
            

              ability to cultivate strong relationships with restaurant owners/chefs/gms
            

              passion for the restaurant industry, technology, and helping business owners run better businesses
            

              bachelor's degree or equivalent
            


          apply
          

















the simplest waitlist app. ever.




company


features
pricing
about




apps


ipad & iphone
android
web









help


faq
contact
terms
privacy




news


press
blog
twitter
facebook







&copy waitlist me, inc. 2017



















