



job application for software engineer at vlocity























          apply now
        
software engineer

        at vlocity
      

        san francisco, ca
      






company description

vlocity is a fast-growing enterprise applications company focused on bringing industry-specific business processes to the cloud. with 300 employees around the world and customers on six continents, vlocity has been the fastest-growing independent software vendor on the salesforce platform for two years running. vlocity is currently shipping version 15 of its application suite, and has raised over $100mm in capital from investors including salesforce.com, accenture and sutter hill ventures.
vlocity develops software to help communications, media & energy providers, insurance carriers and government agencies digitally engage customers through their channels and devices of choice. we serve dozens of the world’s fortune 5000 companies including sky italia, telecom italia, telus, 3, telecom argentina, cellcom, new york life, farmers insurance, harvard pilgrim, and anthem. our solutions run on our customers’ web sites, in their contact centers and on the mobile devices of their service and sales professionals – providing a compelling, modern, omnichannel experience. despite the complexity and sophistication of the enterprise business processes we enable, we believe the user experience should be as simple and compelling as a consumer application.



job description


vlocity, inc. is recruiting full stack application developers to join our fast growing team.
you will be responsible for designing and implementing product requirements that are highly usable, scalable, extensible, and maintainable, in large part on the salesforce platform. you will work in a highly agile environment, with product managers, engineers and customers, as well as with our leadership team, using iterative and test-driven design methods.
you will be developing modern, web-based applications for the salesforce platform using apex, javascript, html/css, and other technologies. an understanding of relational databases is a plus.
responsibilities


stellar academic background, bachelor degree or equivalent experience required, specializing in computer science or similar engineering discipline.


excellent understanding of data structures, object-oriented design patterns & experience with oo languages like java.

experience with and knowledge of relational databases.

experience with force.com and the salesforce platform is a plus.

experience and desire to work within a fast-paced, iterative development environment; experience with agile development is a strong plus.

experience



minimum 2 years experience developing software in a product environment. 

experience with force.com and the salesforce1 platform is a plus.


experience building web-based user interfaces, with a deep understanding of html, javascript, and css.


experience with and knowledge of relational databases.


experience and desire to work within a fast-paced, iterative development environment


experience with agile development is a strong plus.


technical skills


excellent understanding of object-oriented programming patterns & experience with oo languages (java, ruby, python, scala etc) 


familiarity with javascript libraries such as jquery, angularjs, backbone  


desired certifications / qualifications


stellar academic background


bachelor degree in computer science or similar engineering discipline 














apply for this job

* required
        


first name *



last name *



email *



phone *



resume/cv *


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 














cover letter


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 

















linkedin profile
    





website
    





how did you hear about this job?
    





skype/digital id
    





current employer
    







application consent for vlocity
by clicking the “i accept” button you expressly make the following representations and warranties and give your consents as described below:
vlocity collects your personal data for the purposes of managing vlocity’s recruitment related activities as well as for organizational planning purposes globally. consequently, vlocity may use your personal data in relation to the evaluation and selection of applicants including for example setting up and conducting interviews and tests, evaluating and assessing the results thereto and as is otherwise needed in the recruitment processes including the final recruitment.
vlocity does not disclose your personal data to unauthorized third parties. however, as a global corporation consisting of multiple affiliated companies in various countries, vlocity has international sites and vlocity uses resources located throughout the world. vlocity may from time to time also use third parties to act on vlocity’s behalf. you agree to the fact that to the extent necessary your personal data may be transferred and/or disclosed to any company within vlocity group of companies as well as to third parties acting on vlocity’s behalf, including also transfers to servers and databases outside the country where you provided vlocity with your personal data. such transfers may include for example transfers and/or disclosures outside the european economic area and in the united states of america.




  i accept








 



share this job:    













powered by 

 
      read our privacy policy
















