casetext - full stack engineer (web app team)full stack engineer (web app team)san francisco, caengineeringfull-timeapply for this jobwe are looking for a web application engineer with design talent to help us rethink the way that people read, understand, and annotate texts. your mission will be to iterate quickly on casetext's full-stack.we aren't looking for experience with a particular set of languages. instead, you should be comfortable collaborating with other engineers on a diverse software architecture. we use cutting-edge technology, and are looking to push the boundaries of what you can do with javascript and css -- if this excites you, you're a good fit. our front-end is a single-page angularjs application written with jade and less.js that uses firebase, a cutting-edge real-time datastore, to make the site incredibly fast and responsive. our back-end stack includes elasticsearch and nodejs.we value people who are excited to learn new things. you should be able (and excited) to learn new languages relatively quickly and improve the quality of your code as you go. giving and receiving feedback is part of the team culture.you will have opportunities to blog about your work, attend conferences, publish papers, and open source large parts of the code you work on at the company.learn more about engineering at casetext.about casetextcasetext is a public legal research tool and online community that’s quickly becoming the best place to discover and share legal knowledge. it responds to a major problem plaguing the legal industry and the public: the law is extraordinarily expensive to access and difficult to understand. lawyers know that a handful of companies keep databases of legal documents behind steep paywalls, and thousands of hired “legal editors” add cursory context to help users understand the law. despite the stranglehold they have on the market, these tools fail to tap the most valuable source of legal insights: the expertise in the legal community. this system is bad for lawyers, clients, and the public. at casetext, we're taking a different approach. instead of charging to access the law, we're making all of it free. and instead of hiring people to annotate our legal database, we have a growing community of practicing lawyers who share insights about the law to build their reputations and connect with colleagues and clients alike. on casetext.com you can search millions of cases, statutes, and regulations on the free research platform, annotated by analysis from the legal community. valuable commentary from law firm case alerts, legal blog posts, and other publications are searchable and linked to the relevant primary documents, so researchers find the insights they need when they need them. and it’s all connected to an online legal community, giving authors a platform to demonstrate thought leadership to the roughly 250,000 people researching on casetext each month. casetext is the only place where lawyers and law professors post original insights, legal briefs, and even existing publications to peers in the legal community, while strengthening a public legal resource.why join casetext?the work here will always be challenging and interesting. we are ambitious and taking on some extremely difficult engineering challenges that will be especially exciting to talented front-end engineers. we’re a driven, collaborative team of attorneys, engineers, and designers working to make all the world’s laws free and understandable. you’ll join a small team of attorneys from stanford and yale law schools drawing on experience in biglaw, government, nonprofits, and law journals, along with a top-notch technical team from places like google, ibm, and zillow that’s excited about what we’re building together. key to our success is that we genuinely like and respect each other. now's the best time to join casetext. we have just raised our series a from some of the country's best investors, but we are still a small and growing team. you’ll have the opportunity to take on a lot of responsibility, grow the first online legal community of its kind, have a major impact on the product, and take a substantial equity stake in a quickly growing company.the perks are awesome: health, dental, maternity/paternity, public transportation costs covered, $2,000 tech budget, we have lunch together every day, and all the snacks and coffee you can consume at the office in san francisco.casetext actively pursues and hires a diverse workforce, and pursuant to the san francisco fair chance ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.apply for this jobcasetext home pagejobs powered by 