zoosk - software engineer, payment systemssoftware engineer, payment systemssan francisco, caengineering – r&d/engineeringfull-timeapply for this jobare	you	looking	to help build out	products that can have a positive, real-life impact on millions of people? at zoosk, we have the tremendous and rewarding  challenge of facilitating meaningful connections between over 40 million users worldwide and growing.  our users span 80 countries worldwide and exchange millions of messages in 25 different languages every single day.are you interested in working on systems that process thousands of customer payments a day with industry-leading authorization rates? or how about protecting customers by providing solutions that detect and prevent malicious activity? zoosk is looking for a software engineer to join our growing payment systems team, which is responsible for driving all payment processing and financial reconciliations at zoosk. this is a critical role in the engineering organization and is a great opportunity for an engineer to hone their skills on a high-volume, mission critical system.what you'll do: design, code and maintain software libraries that process zoosk financial transactions for millions of users. produce code that provides access to data, job scheduling, business logic and reporting.own significant portions of the codebase and monitor its performance in the production environment.collaborate with other engineers and the product team to define clear software deliverables and establish milestones for projects.integrate your code with third-party apis.identify opportunities to improve zoosk software infrastructure and security. research technologies and generate proof of concepts for review.what we're looking for in you:bachelor's degree in computer science or something related.have worked for 2+ years of professional industry experience building web-based, data-driven software systemsproficient in at least one industry-adopted language. prefer candidates with experience in php or java in a traditional lamp stack, but not required.practical experience with relational databases and large data sets, particularly with mysql databasesbonus if you have experience with aws cloud services (ec2, rds / aurora, cloudformation, cloudwatch, sqs, ...) and apm tools such as new relic.know a bit about payment processing, accounting practices, and pci compliance but this is not a requirement. we prefer a software engineer with strong cs fundamentals eager to apply these in a high-volume environment where performance and accuracy are critical.zoosk core values: don’t stop caring. be a doer. we’re better together. speak up. we say no to the status quo. if there’s fun to be had, then have it.while there is a lot to do, we also have a very open and collaborative culture and know how to have a lot of fun; frequent team and company outings, hackathons, happy hour every friday, daily catered lunches, health and wellness benefits, 401k matching, generous maternity/paternity leave policies, and flexible time off are just some of the ways we support our teams.zoosk is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace committed to building a team culture that celebrates diversity and inclusion.apply for this jobzoosk home pagejobs powered by 