niantic inc. - software engineer - new graduatesoftware engineer - new graduatesan franciscoengineeringfull-timeapply for this jobjoin the groundbreaking company that brought you pokemon go, ingress and the highly anticipated harry potter -- wizards unite game. you will grow your skills quickly by working alongside an experienced team of web, mobile and cloud engineers. our world-class engineering team will provide mentorship. experience accelerated learning by being at a successful fast-growing startup!you’ll work on innovative applications that let millions of users explore the real world and have real-life social experiences. our technical challenges include data consistency across distributed systems, working with geo data at scale, and innovating in augmented reality. come empower players on a gameboard consisting of the entire world! you can make niantic history by being part of our first class of new-graduate engineers.by applying for our software engineer - new graduate position, you will be considered for a few engineering teams including server, full stack, and mobile engineering.responsibilities: work as part of a team to deliver technical features - design and code systems that are bug-free and delivered on-time.collaborate with other engineers, user interface designers, and product management to build products.write fast-performing, maintainable code.required qualifications: bs and/or ms degree in computer science, math or a related technical field. graduating in 2018 with the anticipation of a 2018 start date.internship experience as a software engineer. experience using java and/or python.  experience using one of the following categories of technology:          - c++, and sql for backend work          - javascript and html/css for full-stack work           - native android and ios technologies         - unity3d game programming for our mobile appsjoin the niantic team!niantic’s mission is to use emerging technology to create experiences in the real world. we build products that inspire outdoor exploration, exercise, and face-to-face social interaction.originally formed at google in 2010, we became an independent company with a strong group of investors including nintendo, the pokémon company, and alsop louie partners. we build games that get people outside and exploring. we enable our players to have fun while visiting new places, learning about the world around them, and meeting new friends. we launched ingress, an immersive real-world mobile game played by millions of people in over 200 countries and territories, and downloaded over 20 million times. we also develop pokémon go, which has broken world records and been downloaded over 750 million times in its first year. we announced harry potter: wizards unite, our latest much-anticipated ar game.we're a hard-working, fun, and exciting group who love what we do! we have offices located in san francisco, sunnyvale, bellevue, los angeles, tokyo, and hamburg.apply for this jobniantic inc. home pagejobs powered by 