




apps systems engineer 5   ofsaa admin description at wells fargo






























skip navigation






close

our benefits
our values
our hiring process



social media

twitter
linkedin
youtube
glassdoor
facebook













search our jobs

search our jobs

keyword



location



radius
select
5 miles
15 miles
25 miles
35 miles
50 miles



search our jobs




    in order to provide you with a better search experience, we will be performing scheduled site maintenance starting saturday 12/16, 6:00am cst through 2:00pm cst. you will not be able to apply for jobs during this maintenance period. we are sorry for any inconvenience this may have caused but we look forward to you continuing your search soon.





job description
apps systems engineer 5   ofsaa admin
apply now
job id 5360154 schedule type reg-time work hours 40 location chandler, arizona, minneapolis, minnesota, charlotte, north carolina, san antonio, texas, st louis, missouri, columbia, south carolina;

job descriptionthe application infrastructure & operations team within enterprise information technology (eit)/corporate technology (ct)/financial systems & technology (fs&t) group is seeking a senior application systems engineer to work in a lead role supporting enterprise one number environment (eone) and other fs&t applications. basic job responsibilities and individual expectations include: leads application support efforts on multiple platforms.   acts as primary contact for administrative support and production issue analysis & resolution.   tracks application and batch performance and develops plans for remediation of issues.   ensure pac2000 tickets meet established slas.   ensure application monitoring meets best practices.   execute bcp plan for application; coordinate logistics for plan implementation.   assures quality, security and compliance requirements are met for supported areas.  required qualifications7+ years of application development and implementation experience7+ years of oracle experience5+ years of unix experience3+ years of oracle financial services analytical applications (ofsaa) experience3+ years of administration experience3+ years of weblogic experience3+ years of java experience1+ year of leadership experience including coaching, training, and mentoringdesired qualificationsgood verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skillsknowledge and understanding of technical environments: management and production release coordination knowledge and understanding of source code version control systems, configuration management techniques and procedures2+ years of obiee (oracle business intelligence enterprise edition) experienceother desired qualifications experience working in an ofsaa administrator functions & support role. 5+ years of application infrastructure and operations support experience. 3+ years familiarity with: autosys script coding; ndm file transmission automation; and tools experience such as toad or sql developer.  experience with lombard agilereporter experience with odi (oracle data integrator)street addresssouth carolina: field rep 002 in sc - field rep 002, scnc-charlotte: 1525 w wt harris blvd - charlotte, ncmn-minneapolis: 550 south 4th st - minneapolis, mnaz-chandler: 2600 s price rd - chandler, aztx-san antonio: 4101 wiseman blvd - san antonio, txmo-saint louis: 1 n jefferson ave - saint louis, mo: disclaimerall offers for employment with wells fargo are contingent upon the candidate having successfully completed a criminal background check.  wells fargo will consider qualified candidates with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable local, state and federal law, including section 19 of the federal deposit insurance act.relevant military experience is considered for veterans and transitioning service men and women.wells fargo is an affirmative action and equal opportunity employer, minority/female/disabled/veteran/gender identity/sexual orientation.

0180508 corporate finance
apply now




share

linkedin
twitter
email




about our location
chandler office
view map 


sign up for our talent community
sign up


email addressselect your interestsjoin the wells fargo family, where we work together to help our customers and each other achieve success. explore our career opportunities and apply today. select a category and/or location to receive job alerts that match your interests then click “add.”categorylocationaddremove

confirm email















related jobs


performance engineer- apps systems engineer 4 - minneapolis, minnesota


intake leader - business initiatives manager - minneapolis, minnesota


analytic consultant 2 - business intelligence development on web portal for wells fargo marketing - san francisco, california




find jobs near you





working at wells fargo – our hiring process











wells fargo stories
wells fargo stories









information security
information security









giving back
hear from gigi dixon, director of strategic partnerships for diversity & inclusion & strategic philanthropy talk about her work and passion for giving











wells fargo is committed to hiring and retaining diverse team members including military veterans, veterans with disabilities, and transitioning military personnel. we are working to increase diverse representation throughout the company and create an inclusive environment for all team members. when recruiting, we work with talent resources that focus on diversity and veterans. we attend veteran-focused job fairs and identify military veteran job seekers through resources like military.com, recruit military.com, hire vets first, our internal veterans’ team member network and others. to learn more about career opportunities with our company, please visit us at wellsfargo.com/careers.
we also welcome you to visit our military employment portal at wellsfargo-veterans.jobs. this innovative platform allows service men and women preparing to transition into civilian life to use their current military occupation code (moc) or military occupation specialty (mos) to easily find civilian jobs on corporate career sites. this technology provides the cornerstone all companies need to start effectively communicating their available employment opportunities to military men and women who are transitioning into civilian life.









legal notices
eeo is the law
site map

relevant military experience is considered for veterans and transitioning service men and women. wells fargo is an affirmative action and equal opportunity employer, minority/female/disabled/veteran/gender identity/sexual orientation. 
© 2017 wells fargo bank, n.a. all rights reserved.
















-->
	
	









