



job application for software engineer - fulfillment engineering team at le tote























          apply now
        
software engineer - fulfillment engineering team

        at le tote
      
(view all jobs)

        san francisco
      




 
about the role:
come work with elixir, phoenix, and nerves at your day job! letote is looking for great engineers to join it's growing team. are you getting bored building web app after web app? we're solving problems that used to be reserved for big industry players. we're aiming to revolutionize traditional distribution center processes with custom hardware and software.
 
if that sounds like fun, come join us! work alongside innovative technologists including some prominent, long-time members of the elixir, phoenix, and nerves communities.
 
qualifications:


expert knowledge of elixir and either phoenix or nerves (knowledge of the ruby on rails ecosystem is a plus.)
solid grasp of otp behaviours - genserver, supervisor, application, etc.
reasonable knowledge of javascript and preferred exposure to popular front-end js frameworks and tool-chains
experience building highly scalable solutions
3-5+ years of full stack production development experience


responsibilities:


work with product management and other cross functional groups to develop and enhance the features of our operational systems, build and deploy clean and elegant code.
code reviews and pair programming to grow your individual and peer's skills.
collaborate on process optimization and strategy to increase overall productivity and accuracy of managing our supply management solutions.
collaborate with other team leads, and the development team members to refine requirements, estimates, deliverables, and milestones.


 
about le tote:
le tote’s mission is to make fashion accessible for everyone, every day. our unique model gives customers access to an unlimited closet of clothing and accessories for a monthly membership fee. we feature hundreds of top brands including house of harlow, sam edelman, free people, vince camuto, max studio, tahari and french connection. each shipment includes a personalized selection of three pieces of clothing and two accessories, curated using le tote’s proprietary fit algorithm and recommendation engine.
 
we're using a highly analytical, data-driven approach to fundamentally transform the way women shop. to turn our dream into a reality, we're looking for highly motivated and skilled people just like you!
 
le tote has customers in 48 states and the company has seen 500% growth year over year for the past 2 years. the company has raised $53mm to date and is backed by top-tier venture capital firms including andreessen horowitz, google ventures, y combinator, azure capital and aitv.
 
candidates local to san francisco are preferred, but remote work is an option.









apply for this job

* required
        











(optional)

almost there! review your information then click 'submit application' to apply.



first name *



last name *



email *



phone



resume/cv


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 














cover letter


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 

















linkedin profile
    





website
    





how did you hear about this job?
    











 



share this job:    













powered by 

 
      read our privacy policy
















