full stack software engineer - earnupfull stack software engineerengineeringsan francisco, cadisrupt. build. change the world.this is what an earnup (a winner of forbes magazine’s fintech 50 for 2016) full stack engineer lives and breathes. as one of our original engineers, you will lead, and inspire engineering across a range of exciting, new front and back end projects developing a next-gen platform for consumer finance management.want to get into the trenches with a collaborative team? check.want to guide architecture and deliver innovative software products? check.want to make a personal impact on an exciting new product? double check.an earnup engineer should have a passion for a magical customer experience, and most importantly: to help people.what do you need?passion. at earnup, we help disrupt the financial industry. our success and ability to provide an invaluable product is born from this.minimum 2 years of professional software engineering experienceproficiency with front-end frameworks such as react/redux, angular, ember, or similarexperience with backend technologies such as node.js, flask, or similardevops experience with aws or similar cloud provider is ideal, but not requiredbe a team player. openly communicate ideas and be willing to listen to peers. give and receive continuous feedback.have product sense to drive an excellent customer experience, continually raising the bar on functionality, usability, and simplicityability to handle multiple competing priorities in a fast-paced environment. this is a start-up where we will help leverage and leverage your wide range of skills and further develop them.be quirky! our team is built from all walks of life, which helps us serve our wide range of customers!ambition and drive to make a difference in the world.why you’ll love working at earnupfast-paced start-up community with great growth opportunitiesability to put your stamp on an innovative productpassionate, diverse, and supportive team memberstrong company culture with weekly lunches and off-site team outingsoffice located in the heart of san franciscogreat compensation + benefits package!remind me to apply laterclearwant to apply later?type your email address below to receive a reminderemailerrorrequired fieldcancelsend reminderapply to jobfirst nameerrorrequired fieldlast nameerrorrequired fieldemailerrorrequired fieldphone numbererrorwebsiteerrorresumeattachattachclearinsert_drive_filedeletecover letterattachattachclearinsert_drive_filedeletesubmitprivacy.terms