java web api developer (st. louis, mo) | ferguson consultingferguson consulting, inc.it projectsit peopleit careersabout uscontactdo you want to advance your it career?we invest in our employees to keep them on the leading edge.compatabilitycapabilityflexibilitycareers navigationoverviewfaqsjob openingsbenefitsbest practicesc061317: java web api developerjob location:st. louis, mothe role: as an it professional with ferguson consulting, you will have the opportunity to develop state-of-the-art technical skills. you will need the maturity, motivation and some previous client experience to work productively in our client organizations. as a ferguson employee, and a consultant to our end client, you will be able to focus on your technical skills development - which is what we do best. our rigorous screening for technical skills and client compatibility and our commitment to continuing education make our consultant’s valuable assets to the clients we serve. our client’s know that ferguson’s professionals will fit seamlessly with their operations and their staff. we’ve learned over the years how to comply with our clients’ unique procurement procedures and to keep in step with their overall processes so we can be responsive to their requests and requirements. essential functions:   design, implement and unit test server-side jee/java code. assist in onboarding new api end points, develop and enhance automation. participate in the full sdlc (agile), including meetings, iterative development, estimations and design sessions. work with 3rd parties, operations and it teams to help support production environments. deliver project assignments on time, within budget and with high quality. work with the technical lead to write and review technical specifications as required, meeting the objectives of functional specifications. specifically, identifying specific interfaces, methods, parameters, procedures or functions as required. collaborate with architects and other software engineering resources in designing and implementing integrated, enterprise solutions.  collaborate with systems support analyst to resolve 3rd party questions and issues assist with portal enhancements/support. this would be to customize and support ui portal. consistently demonstrates regular, dependable attendance & punctuality. work hours are 8:00 am to 5:00 pm experience:  experience in working with oracle and mongo databases spring platform (spring mvc, spring boot, spring jdbc, spring cloud) (minimum 3 years of experience)  proficient in object oriented development and java enterprise concepts (minimum 5 years of experience) development of web services/rest/soap/wsdl/xml/soa (minimum 3 years of experience) continuous integration tools (jenkins ci or similar)  builds on pivotal cloud foundry platform (github) (minimum 1 year of experience)  unit testing frameworks  microservice development is a plus knowledge, skills, abilities:  knowledge of and/or experience in rest, javascript, java, html, css familiarity with agile including meetings, iterative development, estimations and design sessions. excellent written and verbal communication skills; able to communicate effectively in english, both orally and in writing rhel, java app servers (tomcat, glassfish, jetty) javascript, linux/unix, api (rest, web services, soa) excellent written and verbal communication skills excellent in person and virtual presentation skills drive and self-motivation to focus on results and helping teams win and accomplish their goals expeditious, with thorough and accurate customer follow up skills very good problem solving skills the benefits: we hire it professionals who like to work with smart people and can hold their own in a demanding environment. our employees build a career at ferguson. here it isn’t a support function for our business – it is our business. we strive to develop a professional relationship with each employee – and that is what you are, our direct employee. our pay and benefit levels recognize the advanced skills of our talented staff members. in addition, we are unique in our market in the emphasis that we place on continuing education, including an annual training allowance that is an integral part of our compensation package. this kind of investment in our employees’ professional development is an important contributor to making ferguson a desirable place to build an it career. as a w-2 employee, your first assignment will be just that – the first of many. our goal is to establish a long-term employee relationship with you.the compensation: highly competitive base salary. paid overtime $.60/$1 401k match160 hours of paid time off (pto) benefitsbonus systemhealth, vision, dental, and life insuranceshort-term and long-term disabilitytraining allowance for leading industry professional training with slu/wash u.how to apply: if you are looking for a change and/or are interested in building or continuing your career as an it professional and have the ability to thrive in challenging, fast-paced environments, we want to hear from you. please send your resume to katie mcelhone at kmcelhone@fergcons.com please review our website fergusonconsultinginc.com and find out more about who we are and what we can do for you.w-2 candidates only. no corp-to-corp. katie mcelhoneferguson consulting1350 timberlake manor parkway, suite 500chesterfield,mo 63017(636) 728-4406kmcelhone@fergcons.comwww.fergusonconsultinginc.comback to the list of open positions subscribe to ferguson consulting career opportunities rss feed.what our employees are sayingi have confidence in ferguson’s management and their values. i have always felt treated as a person, not a number.— ferguson employee since 2005ferguson has always been proactive about lining up my next assignment and getting me the best rate possible.— ferguson employee since 2000ferguson's management and staff take a sincere interest in the careers of their consultants. they understand the industry like no other firm i have worked for.— ferguson employee since 2008ferguson works hard laying the groundwork so that it’s easy for the consultant to succeed on the assignment.— a ferguson employee since 1994in the solutions group we operate from an ‘end product with certainty’ perspective. it can be challenging to guarantee total satisfaction to our client, but it’s immensely rewarding to deliver on that promise.— solutions group employeehomecontactjob openingsemail disclaimercopyright © 2006-2017 ferguson consulting, inc. all rights reserved.