
java software instructor - full time job - claim academy - st. louis, mo | indeed.com






















skip to job description, searchclose









find jobscompany reviewsfind salariesfind resumesemployers / post job







upload your resume


sign in







:







what
where





advanced job search


 

 



 



job title, keywords or company


city, state, or zip












java software instructor - full time

claim academy
     -
st. louis, mo


claim academy is hiring full time instructors to teach in the upcoming cohorts in st. louis. the instructor will deliver approved curriculum through lecture and lab instruction to students. classes start for this program weekly. must love to help others and passionate about sharing knowledge.minimum requirements: the candidate must have at least 5 years of experience in computer science field. must have a deep understanding of java. industry-recognized professional certifications are a plus. candidates with software development and/or teaching experience are preferred. candidates must submit to an interview process, including a 30-minute demonstration lesson.required knowledge, skills, and abilities: passionate about coaching and mentoring.ability to utilize different methods and mediums in delivering course material.solid knowledge of object-oriented programming languages (java/c#).*knowledge of web applications design (javascript, jquery, html, css) excellent written, verbal communication and reporting skills.*extensive experience with spring mvc, hibernate and maven.good to have knowledge of javascript frameworks like angular, node, react.proven educational or administrative experience in critical thinking and problem solving.*competencies related to: curriculum & course development; teaching & learning theory; information resources & evaluating student outcomes.*responsibilities: prepares materials for the approved curriculum.participates in academy initiatives by providing regular, accurate, and timely feedback to students and the academy concerning academics, behavior, attendance, etc.motivates students to actively participate in all aspects of the educational process.completes professional development and in-service activities in accordance with academy standards.job type: full-timejob location:st. louis, morequired education:bachelor'srequired experience:java development: 5 years

30+ days ago   -  save job









» apply now

            please review all application instructions before applying to claim academy.






other jobs you may like


programmer analyst

vintech solutions, inc -
					st. louis, mo
12 days ago

 easily apply



geospatial analyst instructor with podium exp...

bae systems -
					st. louis, mo
1 day ago


mcat prep instructor - st. louis, mo

kaplan -
					st. louis, mo
7 days ago


software engineer

unit4 -
					st. louis, mo
30+ days ago


ui developer with strong reactjs

hyr global source inc -
					dallas, tx
30+ days ago

 easily apply






 





let employers find youthousands of employers search for candidates on indeedupload your resume










about - help center


©2017 indeed - cookies, privacy and terms



let employers find you  upload your resume










