


mercy careers | mercy |applications developer














































please enable cookies to continue
please enable cookies in your browser to experience all the personalized features of this site, including the ability to apply for a job.





returning candidate?

log back in!





applications developer



applications developer




requisition id 

2017-751796




category 
information technology





position type 

full time




shift(s) 
days





department 

custom delivery




location 
us-mo-saint louis







more information about this job




overview







 we’re a little different our mission is clear. we bring to life a healing ministry through our compassionate care and exceptional service.   we don’t believe in jobs at mercy, we believe in careers that match the unique gifts of unique individuals; careers that not only make the most of your skills and talents, but also your heart. at mercy, you’ll feel our supportive community every step of your day, especially the tough ones. we’re a team and love working that way. that team is expanding, and we currently have exceptional opportunities to help our communities grow. 







responsibilities and qualifications







designs, develops, modifies, debugs and evaluates programs for functional or operational areas analyzes complex business problems to be solved with automated systems. provides technical expertise in identifying, evaluating and developing systems and procedures that are cost effective and meet user requirements analyzes existing programs or formulates logic for new systems, devises logic procedures, prepares flowcharting, performs coding and tests/debugs programs develops conversion and system implementation plans. prepares and obtains approval of system and programming documentation. recommends changes in development, maintenance and system standards configures system settings and options; plans and executes unit, integration and acceptance testing; and creates specifications for systems to meet business requirements may train users in conversion and implementation of system. because you’re committed to excellence, you understand the importance of being properly prepared for your role at mercy. that’s why you’ll bring to your role the right set of qualifications: angular/java developer with 2+ years of service, will be working on angular web application with integration into java based services- ba/bs in computer science or related field- java oo experience required- angular or similar front end experience required- excellent business domain modeling skills- strong communication skills preferred skills:- java 1.7/1.8- angular js- spring- hibernate & xml- oracle/mysql- design patterns- soa- jquery- html/css- javascript- web services (rest/soap)- agile software development including scrum and test-driven development we’ll support you at work and home our foundations are built on dignity and respect. modern healthcare magazine named us as a “top 100 places to work.” we go out of our way to help people feel welcomed. we offer day-one comprehensive health, vision and dental coverage, pto, and employer-matched retirement funds, even to part-time employees. we’re proud to provide tuition reimbursement to help you grow and learn new skills. what makes a good match for mercy compassion and professionalism go hand-in-hand with us, along with exceptional quality care. having a positive outlook and a strong sense of advocacy is in perfect step with our mission and vision. we’re also collaborative and are not afraid to do a little extra to deliver excellent care – that’s just part of our commitment. if that sounds like a fit for you as well, we encourage you to apply.







keywords







java, spring mvc, angular js, soap, xml, oracle





options

apply for this jobapplyshareemail this job to a friendrefer



share on your newsfeed




connect with mercy




what if i am not ready to apply? submit your resume here  and be considered for future opportunities!








go back to the welcome page

application faqssoftware powered by icimswww.icims.com









