





associate software developer - st. louis, mo - redcard jobs









 














home
jobs




associate software developer - st. louis, mo

toggle navigation








associate software developer 

jobslogin 











 26-sep-2017 to 31-dec-2021 (cst) it st. louis, mo, usa full time 



email me similar jobs email me this job



summary of position:  
this position will participate in a small production support developer group in which personal contribution and ambition are highly valued and encouraged.
duties & responsibilities:

work within an agile scrum team in a collaborative, fast-paced environment.
collaborate with assigned mentor to solve production support issues.
perform maintenance, support, and bug-fixes for existing code.
develop, test and debug solutions for assigned enhancement projects.
communicate with internal and external peers as well as leadership to demonstrate progress and advise of challenges encountered on assigned projects.
participate in established development standard and software development lifecycle.
update job knowledge by studying state-of-the art development tools, programming techniques, and computing equipment; participating in educational opportunities.
protect operations by improving security and by keeping information confidential.
accomplish redcard's mission by completing related results as needed.
follows established hipaa, compliance & security policies

 
education and experience:

bachelor's degree in computer science, information systems, engineering, or other discipline related to software engineering 
1-2 years' experience in software development through classes, internships or work opportunities.
experience using c#, sql server and microsoft visual studio preferred

 
interpersonal & professional skills:

applied learning puts new knowledge, understanding, or skill to practical use on the job, works hard to better self in work role. devotes significant time to personal and professional development. ability to accept and learn from guidance provided by your department mentor.
problem analysis and solving ability to analyze and work through a problem effectively and provide a solution. ability to troubleshoot and solve complex production issues under the supervision of a more experienced developer. ability to understand and apply concepts of objected oriented programming.
teamwork/collaboration proactively tries to build effective working relationships with other people. treats people with dignity, respect and fairness. ability to work both independently and collaboratively.
adaptability maintains effectiveness when experiencing major changes in work tasks or the work environment; adjusts effectively to work within new work structures, processes and requirements.
time management effectively manages one's time and resources to ensure that work is completed efficiently. able to work both independently and as a team effectively.
communication communicates accurately and effectively both in oral and written form. practices active listening. expresses thoughts and ideas with confidence and respects opposing views
living the vision and values keeping the company's vision and values at the forefront of decision-making and action.

 
physical factors & requirements:

willingness to occasionally work outside of normal business hours as required to complete projects.
sitting at desk or in meetings for long periods of time
use standard office equipment


redcard
https://redcard.aaimtrack.com






apply now



you have javascript disabled on your browser. you will not be able to apply for this position without enabling javascript. if you need assistance with enabling javascript, please click here for assistance.





 

* fields are required




what is your full name?




first name



last name





how can we contact you?


email





phone number



number type

home
cell
work







apply for this position
apply for this position







sign up for job alerts!








share this page















 


 


maintained by aaim - © 2017



refresh




 
 
 
 















