







careers | change healthcare
    






















change healthcare logo with color





















change healthcare logo black









































change healthcare logo reversed



























































facebook icon



linkedin icon




twitter icon



left arrow



right arrow














change healthcare










visit change healthcare's main site
















job details























requisition number
17-1420


post date
9/7/2017


title
software engineer


city
bridgeton


state
mo


description
are you passionate about building enterprise-class solutions using the latest cloud technologies and current development best practices? are you ready to be a leader in implementing technologies such as amazon web services and nosql databases in a devops
 organization that insists on 100% fault tolerant code, 100% automation of tests and infrastructure in an environment of continuous tests, continuous integration and continuous deployment?
if you like to create new solutions from scratch and follow that solution throughout all phases from production to support, we want to talk to you. if you are an independent self-starter, work well within an integrated team, have a strong sense of ownership
 and are obsessed by solving customer use cases and scenarios using best practices and cloud technologies, we want to talk to you!
this position requires a good understanding of enterprise best practices and customer personas. the ability to absorb new technologies, understand existing enterprise management tools and the skill to leverage them to the maximum extent is a key component of
 this position. we are striving for maximum compatibility with current healthcare products and services as well as new cloud enterprise technologies and best practices.



requirements
- bachelor’s degree in computer science or related field
- equivalent experience to a bachelor's degree based on 3 years of work experience for every 1 year of education
- 4+ years professional experience in software development
- experienced in infrastructure automation (ansible, chef, puppet, docker, vagrant are relevant tools)
- working knowledge of cloud iaas and paas services, preferably aws
-takes initiative and has experience leading projects
-solid coding principles such as refactoring, unit testing, and writing clean and modular code
- solid understanding of agile/lean/xp development methodologies
- solid understanding of continuous integration and deployment processes
- nice to have – experience in back-end development using java, c#, go, python




change healthcare is an equal opportunity employer. employment at change healthcare is based upon your individual merit and qualifications. we don’t discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression,
 national origin, age, physical or mental disability, marital status, protected veteran status or disability, genetic characteristic, or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state or local law. we will also make all reasonable accommodations
 to meet our obligations under the americans with disabilities act (ada) and state disability laws. all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, protected veteran status, or
 disability. please visit equal employment opportunity posters provided by ofccp 
here.




apply on-line



send this job to a friend












browse open jobs


search open jobs


submit your resume


edit your profile














change healthcare









