


careers center - java developer














































please enable cookies to continue
please enable cookies in your browser to experience all the personalized features of this site, including the ability to apply for a job.







welcome page







returning candidate?

log back in!












java developer


job locations

us-mo-st louis





req id

2017-2514


industry

federal systems


ft/pt

full-time


category

information technology


clearance

public trust


travel percentage

none









summary / description






key responsibilities:participate in development, testing, implementation, and support tasks on the comprehensive loan program (clp) application support maintenance and development projects.perform development tasks in support of coding new and modified web pages, batch jobs, etc.      following skills are preferred: experience doing lead developer work.experience with ui and prototyping.understanding of os, objected oriented design, and design patterns.experience with eclipse based ide, soap, rest, soa, and stored procedures.experience with advanced gui development.experience in open source frameworks such as spring, struts, and hibernate.experience with web technologies such as html, xml, javascript, json, ajax, css, and php.experience working in enterprise environments developing scalable applications.experience satisfying section 508 requirements.








requirements






the following are requirements: 5 or more years of experience in coding in a java-based environment.full development lifecycle experience.proven ability to innovate and work jointly with other team members.willingness to learn and take on a multitude of new tasks.be a self-starter, self-motivated and self-directed.flexibility to work in a constantly changing environment.able to set and meet deliverable deadlines and estimates.bachelor’s degree in cs, is engineering or other related technical or scientific discipline or equivalent work experience.u.s. citizenship or permanent resident status is required.








about unisys






do you have what it takes to be mission critical? your skills and experience could be mission critical for our unisys team supporting the federal government in their mission to protect and defend our nation, and transform the way government agencies manage information and improve responsiveness to their customers.  as a member of our diverse team, you’ll gain valuable career-enhancing experience as we support the design, development, testing, implementation, training, and maintenance of our federal government’s critical systems. apply today to become mission critical and help our nation meet the growing need for it security, improved infrastructure, big data, and advanced analytics.unisys is a global information technology company that solves complex it challenges at the intersection of modern and mission critical. we work with many of the world's largest companies and government organizations to secure and keep their mission-critical operations running at peak performance; streamline and transform their data centers; enhance support to their end users and constituents; and modernize their enterprise applications. we do this while protecting and building on their legacy it investments. our offerings include outsourcing and managed services, systems integration and consulting services, high-end server technology, cybersecurity and cloud management software, and maintenance and support services. unisys has more than 23,000 employees serving clients around the world. unisys offers a very competitive benefits package including health insurance coverage from first day of employment, a 401k with an immediately vested company match, vacation and educational benefits. to learn more about unisys visit us at www.unisys.com.unisys is an equal opportunity employer (eoe) - minorities, females, disabled persons, and veterans.#fed#





options

apply nowapplyshareemail this job to a friendrefer


sorry the share function is not working properly at this moment. please refresh the page and try again later.

share on your newsfeed




need help finding the right job?




we can recommend jobs specifically for you!

click here to get started.







application faqssoftware powered by icimswww.icims.com









