exegy c/c++ linux software engineer | smartrecruiters

c/c++ linux software engineerst. louis, mofull-timecompany descriptionexegy provides best-of-breed technology and managed services for the normalization and distribution of real-time market data to a diverse set of elite firms in the financial services industry. at the heart of exegy’s product line are purpose-built, hardware-accelerated appliances derived from an extensive portfolio of patented and patent-pending technology.job descriptionexegy, inc. has a full-time internal software engineer opening based in st. louis mo.  the software engineer should have experience in c++/linux to work with small groups of engineers to design, refine, implement, and test software for products and services. if you are interested, please apply via the following link: https://exegy.bamboohr.com/jobs/view.php?id=1no phone calls please.  no third party resumes please. qualificationsresponsibilitiesdeveloping, unit/component testing, integrating, and supporting real-time, multi-threaded software components of exegy products, services, and test suites.refining requirements into design.analyzing and tuning system performance.interfacing with hardware and firmware engineers to design high-performance algorithms across multiple subsystems including custom and off-the-shelf hardware.knowledge, skills and abilities: excellent c & c++ programming skills.proven experience developing and debugging multi-threaded, real-time systems.understanding of unix/linux operating systems and programming environments.network programming experience.java programming skills a plus.scripting skills desirable (ex python, perl, shell).test automation/test automation frameworks experience highly desired.proven experience in unit testing and integration.understanding of windows operating systems and programming environments a plus.understanding of algorithms and data structures.familiarity with source-code control, bug tracking, and code analysis tools (i.e. bounds checker, purify, valgrind, v-tune, code analyst).knowledge of stock market data and quote feeds a pluslow-level operating system/device driver experience a plus.knowledge of agile methodologies a plus.experience with networking standards desirable (i.e. 10gige, infiniband, roce).knowledge of routers, firewalls, and network management is desirable.this position is based in st. louis mo.  relocation assistance to st. louis can be provided.additional informationall your information will be kept confidential according to eeo guidelines.i'm interestedi'm interestedrefer a friendshare this jobpowered by