



job application for technical support software engineer  at aclara























          apply now
        
technical support software engineer 

        at aclara
      
(view all jobs)

        st. louis
      


we have a future to create. so join aclara, as we harness science and engineering to make a difference. we’re at the intersection of communications, data technology, energy, and national resource engineering.
our 800 energy and utility customers across the globe ask us to solve complex challenges from making the power grid smarter, to delivering clear water, to empowering their customers to conserve energy. we’re a hardware, software and network engineering company building new solutions to hard problems. we’re big data gurus and in-the-field problem solvers.
sound like your kind of challenge? then join us.
we offer competitive benefits such as medical, dental, and vision care, flex spending, 401k, tuition reimbursement, vacation, holiday & personal time, and we are committed to diversity and to our veterans.
the technical support software engineer (tsse) provides support to aclara customers by engaging with them to realize the full performance and value of aclara's software applications within their organization. the tsse will gain a thorough understanding of the design and operation of aclara's systems and will provide assistance in implementing, testing and training on our software to ensure our customer's success with aclara products. the tsse will need to carry out their job functions in a fast-paced, team-oriented environment with other members of aclara’s customer service department as well as peripheral groups.
responsibilities:

provide support to aclara customers on incoming phone calls and e-mail requests in an expedited fashion; generate tickets in aclara’s case management system for these requests.
identify special-need situations with aclara customers based on experience and patterns/frequency of incoming support requests.
ensure compliance in meeting aclara’s maintenance agreements through timely response and issue resolution.
keep detailed activity (e.g. calls, comments, knowledgebase articles) on support cases up-to-date within aclara’s customer relationship management (crm) system.
provide aclara customers with remote and field support of aclara products.
perform initial installation and functionality testing on new versions of aclara's software products.
provide training as necessary to internal and external customers.
coordinate and communicate customer concerns and quality problems to manager/supervisor.

additional responsibilities:

share knowledge with the team on new and innovative processes or resolutions to improve support and customer satisfaction.
support engineering during development of new products with testing and analyzing data.
assist customers with on-site support during the initial startup and deployment phase of their system.
assist in developing documentation and test plans related to aclara products.

qualifications:
required:

bachelor’s degree in an engineering or information technology field.
two or more years of customer interfacing experience.
four or more years of technical support experience.
computer experience with standard office productivity products such as microsoft word, excel, access and powerpoint is required.
advanced written and verbal communication skills.
ability to operate in a fast -paced atmosphere.
able to meet deadlines and thrive in a constantly changing and fast-paced work environment.
outgoing, personable, and enjoy working directly with customers.
ability to communicate detailed technical information to an audience with various levels of technical understanding.
self-motivated and able to work effectively alone as well as part of a team.
good research and analytical skills required to lead or assist in investigating problems.

preferred:

experience working with electric, water, or gas utilities.
installation and deployment of software packages.
experience in the following items is desirable:



microsoft and microsoft server o/s
oracle
sql server
unix/linux


 
 
 
 
 







apply for this job

* required
        











(optional)

almost there! review your information then click 'submit application' to apply.



first name *



last name *



email *



phone




              location (city)
                *




resume/cv *


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 














cover letter


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 

















linkedin profile
    





website
    





how did you hear about this job?
    





do you now or in the future will you require any type of sponsorship (h1b) to be employed the the united states? *



--
yes
no




u.s. equal opportunity employment information (completion is voluntary)


  individuals seeking employment at aclara are considered without regards
  to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical
  or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation. you are
  being given the opportunity to provide the following information in order to help us
  comply with federal and state equal employment opportunity/affirmative action record
  keeping, reporting, and other legal requirements.


  completion of the form is entirely voluntary. whatever your decision,
  it will not be considered in the hiring process or thereafter. any information that you
  do provide will be recorded and maintained in a confidential file.


gender
please selectmale
female
decline to self identify


are you hispanic/latino?
please selectyes
no
decline to self identify


please identify your race
please selectamerican indian or alaskan native
asian
black or african american
hispanic or latino
white
native hawaiian or other pacific islander
two or more races
decline to self identify


      race & ethnicity definitions


  if you believe you belong to any of the categories of protected veterans listed below,
  please indicate by making the appropriate selection.  as a government contractor
  subject to vietnam era veterans readjustment assistance act (vevraa), we request this
  information in order to measure the effectiveness of the outreach and positive
  recruitment efforts we undertake pursuant to vevraa. classification of protected
  categories is as follows:


  a "disabled veteran" is one of the following: a veteran of the u.s. military, ground,
  naval or air service who is entitled to compensation (or who but for the receipt of
  military retired pay would be entitled to compensation) under laws administered by the
  secretary of veterans affairs; or a person who was discharged or released from active
  duty because of a service-connected disability.


  a "recently separated veteran" means any veteran during the three-year period beginning
  on the date of such veteran's discharge or release from active duty in the u.s.
  military, ground, naval, or air service.


  an "active duty wartime or campaign badge veteran" means a veteran who served on active
  duty in the u.s. military, ground, naval or air service during a war, or in a campaign
  or expedition for which a campaign badge has been authorized under the laws
  administered by the department of defense.


  an "armed forces service medal veteran" means a veteran who, while serving on active
  duty in the u.s. military, ground, naval or air service, participated in a united
  states military operation for which an armed forces service medal was awarded pursuant
  to executive order 12985.


veteran status
please selecti am not a protected veteran
i identify as one or more of the classifications of a protected veteran
i don't wish to answer



form cc-305
omb control number 1250-0005
expires 1/31/2020

voluntary self-identification of disability
why are you being asked to complete this form?

  because we do business with the government, we must reach out to, hire, and provide
  equal opportunity to qualified people with disabilities1.  to help us
  measure how well we are doing, we are asking you to tell us if you have a disability or
  if you ever had a disability.  completing this form is voluntary, but we hope that you
  will choose to fill it out.  if you are applying for a job, any answer you give will be
  kept private and will not be used against you in any way.


  if you already work for us, your answer will not be used against you in any way.
  because a person may become disabled at any time, we are required to ask all of our
  employees to update their information every five years.  you may voluntarily
  self-identify as having a disability on this form without fear of any punishment
  because you did not identify as having a disability earlier.

how do i know if i have a disability?

  you are considered to have a disability if you have a physical or mental impairment or
  medical condition that substantially limits a major life activity, or if you have a
  history or record of such an impairment or medical condition.

disabilities include, but are not limited to:

blindness
deafness
cancer
diabetes
epilepsy
autism
cerebral palsy
hiv/aids
schizophrenia
muscular dystrophy
bipolar disorder
major depression
multiple sclerosis (ms)
missing limbs or partially missing limbs
post-traumatic stress disorder (ptsd)
obsessive compulsive disorder
impairments requiring the use of a wheelchair
intellectual disability (previously called mental retardation)


disability status
please selectyes, i have a disability (or previously had a disability)
no, i don't have a disability
i don't wish to answer

reasonable accommodation notice

  federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified
  individuals with disabilities. please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation
  to apply for a job or to perform your job.  examples of reasonable accommodation
  include making a change to the application process or work procedures, providing
  documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using
  specialized equipment.


1section 503 of the rehabilitation act of 1973, as amended.  for more
  information about this form or the equal employment obligations of federal contractors,
  visit the u.s. department of labor's office of federal contract compliance programs
  (ofccp) website at www.dol.gov/ofccp.


  public burden statement:  according to the paperwork reduction act of 1995 no persons
  are required to respond to a collection of information unless such collection displays
  a valid omb control number. this survey should take about 5 minutes to complete.








 



share this job:    













powered by 

 
      read our privacy policy

















