














career opportunities: quality engineer i (75127) 


























javascript is turned off in your web browser. turn it on to take full advantage of this site, then refresh the page.

loading...






powered by successfactors




                              sign in













career opportunities: quality engineer i (75127)




















req id 75127 - posted 08/24/2017 - mo - st. louis - sustainment systems



 &nbspjob description print preview









	                  apply
	                 
	         	 
              




                  apply using linkedin™
                 
               
              







	                  save job
	                





	                  email job to friend
	                





                  return to list
                







 



leonardo drs 
 
leonardo drs is a leading supplier of integrated products, services and support to military forces, intelligence agencies and prime contractors worldwide. focused on defense technology, we develop, manufacture and support a broad range of systems for mission critical and military sustainment requirements, as well as homeland security.  headquartered in arlington, va, the company is a wholly owned subsidiary of leonardo spa which employs more than 45,000 people worldwide. we offer a competitive compensation package and a business culture which rewards performance. for additional information on drs, please visit our website at www.drs.com.
 
drs sustainment systems inc.
 
drs sustainment systems, inc. (drs-ssi) is a leonardo drs line of business (lob) headquartered in st. louis, mo. it is a full service supplier of diversified defense systems, products and support for the u.s. department of defense (dod) and other international defense customers. from conceptual design through manufacturing to integrated logistics support, drs-ssi has a more than 50-year tradition of providing quality systems and products while meeting customer’s demands for innovation, efficiency and quality. the business unit also includes a 100-acre heavy equipment manufacturing facility in west plains, mo. the performance of drs-ssi’s st. louis operation has been recognized by the government and industrial customers with numerous awards including: preferred supplier certification, medallion of service award, intelligence and electronic warfare certification of recognition, and blue ribbon awards.  we operate on a 9/80 work schedule.
 
job location – st. louis, mo
 
position summary
 
drs sustainment systems inc. is seeking a quality engineer i to be responsible for assisting with quality system development and supporting product quality improvements.  develop, maintain and deploy quality plans and activities that translate customer requirements into planned activities for the quality management system.   ability to work independently under supervision of others.
 
duties and responsibilities
 

responsible for assisting with quality system development and supporting product quality improvements. 
develop, maintain and deploy quality plans and activities that translate customer requirements into planned activities.  
ability to work independently under supervision of others.
performs analyses of program requirements and prepares responsive quality plans, procedures, schedules and resource allocations to assure optimum quality support.
reviews and approves engineering/test and supplier documentation and provides input to assure that appropriate quality requirements are addressed.
gathers, organizes, monitors, analyzes and reports on metrics data on products, processes, suppliers and the quality management system.   
provides ongoing quality system support to include performing internal audits, development and implementation of root cause corrective actions and initiating continuous improvement actions. 
participates on product quality improvement teams, material review boards and internal audit teams. 
evaluates and dispositions non-conforming material.
provides technical support for assembly/test/inspection personnel to include executing workmanship improvement plans, developing inspection methods and criteria, specifying appropriate sampling plans, interpreting and revising specifications, and processing non-conforming materials.
assists in resolving customer quality issues.
initiate and drive root cause and corrective action on process and product quality issues.
assist in developing, deploying and assessing the performance of spc initiatives. 
participates in supplier selection and improvement processes.
responsibilities include assisting with on-site supplier audits, evaluating prototypes, and reviewing and approving of supplier corrective actions.
develops and generates statistical reports on inspection data, product/process testing, quality system processes, etc.
communicate clearly (written and oral) with other company personnel and the customer as required.
ability to work independently under supervision of others.
support, communicate, reinforce and defend the mission, values and culture of the organization. 
attend appropriate customer, business or program meetings.
prepares quality engineering reports and recommendations.
provides regular reporting of progress and status of quality management system processes, audits, supplier performance, etc.
completion of assigned tasks on time and meeting technical requirements.

 
 basic qualifications
 

bachelor’s degree in engineering and/or related technical field or equivalent experience.
novice technical expertise and application domain knowledge. 
basic knowledge of iso/as standards, 6 sigma tools and statistics.
knowledge of iso 9001 and/or as9100 quality management systems. 
asq quality certification(s) desired.   
ability to understand defense industry specifications and to read component/assembly drawings and/or models.
excellent interpersonal, negotiation, communication and writing skills.
ability to define problems and drive to root cause and effective corrective action.
knowledge and experience with microsoft office software and mrp systems. 

 
leonardo drs is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer. we consider applicants without regard to race, color, religion, creed, gender, national origin, age, disability, genetic information, marital or veteran status, or any other category protected by federal, state or local law. #lsy
 
 






 









	                  apply
	                 
	           	
              




                  apply using linkedin™
                 
              
              







	                  save job
	                





	                  email job to friend
	                





                  return to list
                






















email this job to a friend





 








 


 



the job has been sent to
          


 



please provide the information below



job title:
        




*your email address:
        




*your friend's email address:
        



message:
        
         






verification code:
        





*please enter the verification code here:
        














send
            




cancel
            



















