




software developer (full stack) at monsanto























skip navigation















who we hire
working at monsanto
inclusion & diversity
student opportunities
our benefits
monsanto.com














search our jobs  
search our jobs


keyword



location




radius
select radius
5 miles
15 miles
25 miles
35 miles
50 miles



search




discover matches to jobs using your linkedin profile  »









software developer (full stack)
st. louis 
                       ,  missouri                    
 req id 01hpz 


apply now
apply later




overview
success profile
rewards
responsibilities
trending
map
featured jobs



at monsanto you will enjoy a team-focused environment that thrives on innovation and encourages you to do extraordinary things. by incorporating cutting-edge technology and your experience, you will push the limits of agricultural technology and help change the world. are you ready to begin?

full-time
level: all
 



success profile
what does it take to be successful at monsanto? check out the traits below to see if you have the right combination of talents.








































software/infrastructure skilled
embraces inclusion & diversity
team player
self-motivated
entrepreneurial aptitude
driven & organized
loves to code
working in a matrix




who we are we at monsanto are more than 20,000 employees dedicated to contributing to a smarter way to feed the world. you can find us at 404 facilities across 67 countries. we’re a diverse group of thinkers with one common goal: helping to make a balanced meal accessible. together, we foster a culture of inclusion and innovation and we are working for sustainable agriculture.
learn more





what's this jobreally like?






































read more about agriculture and computer science at monsanto











rewards


compensation:
monsanto offers competitive pay and benefits, as well as other exciting rewards.


insurance (medical, dental, vision):
monsanto offers a health and insurance benefits program that allows you to tailor your own benefits package.


paid time off:
we believe we can all be more effective individuals if there's a proper balance among the various demands of work, family and life.


paid training:
internal and external seminars and conferences are available to increase your technical, professional and managerial skills.


savings plan:
we provide you an opportunity to save up to 25% of your eligible pay in a personal savings program to which monsanto also contributes.


variety and collaboration:
opportunities to participate in varied types of projects and get new experiences from partnerships with many organizations within monsanto.




responsibilities
monsanto is a global leader in the development of modern and sustainable agriculture.  working with growers and scientists around the globe, monsanto empowers farmers to produce an ever increasing amount of food for an ever expanding global population.monsanto product development builds software platforms and products that support over 20,000 global employees across 400+ locations and 67 countries.  business opportunities include advancing agricultural biotechnology, integration and automation of laboratory tools, international logistics,sales systems, and predictive analytics.our products include real-time streaming analytics from an expanding collection of connected devices, mobile data collection, visualization suites, big data genomics repositories, and geospatial computing systems, just to name a few.  to build great software, we need great people! why should you join us?learn & grow:ongoing focus on growth through training (domain and technical) and knowledge sharing through communities of agile teamsinnovation days, hack-a-thons, networking events, and volunteer opportunitiesdiverse technology stacks in a forward thinking, open source-centric environmentcollaborate:work with other talented people solving a wide range of complex and unique challenges that have real world impactopen workspace promotes collaboration and pairing in a fun, casual environmentwe value your talent over a role or title. strength of ideas are valued over position on an org chart.culture:work life balance and flexibility is not just discussed, it is our way of lifechallenging how things are done is not just encouraged, it is expectedwe value autonomous, self-organizing teams allowing you to have a real say in what you work on, who you work with, and how you workownership:interact directly with customers to create critical business solutions.  be responsible for architecting, implementing, testing, deploying, and supporting the software that drives monsanto.work with your team and product owner to manage project priorities, deadlines and deliverables. 

basic qualifications: 
- bs degree in computer science or similar technical field of study preferred.

- three or more years of professional experience in solving challenging technical problems in two or more of the following areas:  

single page web application development 
unix/linux environment management 
cloud based continuous delivery and environment management 
mobile application development 
micro-service design and development 
large, distributed system development 
software security 
processing and analyzing large data sets 


 

preferred qualifications: 




a passion for learning new programming languages, software libraries, data layers, and development paradigms 


ability to articulate at least one accomplishment that you are really proud of; what did you do and what was the outcome


professional experience with any of the following: 


java, scala, or nodejs 

amazon web services 

functional programming 

multiple data stores (sql stores, mongodb, couchdb, neo4j, hadoop, cassandra, dynamodb, elasticsearch, solr, etc). 



agriculture domain knowledge




doing great things



putting military skills to work:
at monsanto, we value the leadership, tenacity, adaptability, teamwork, and performance orientation skills and attributes that veterans and service members bring to the table.
learn more



inclusion & diversity
creating an inclusive environment where employees of all genders, ethnicities, backgrounds and orientations feel welcome and able to contribute is core to creating a great place to work.
learn more



making a difference:
giving is a natural part of what we do at monsanto. as a company, we are committed to making lives better.
learn more






map
st. louis
view our location

 









































get job news and event updates
first namelast namephone numberemail addressinterested insearch for a category / location, select a term from the suggestions, and click “add.”categorylocationaddinformation technology, st. louis, missouri, united statesremoveremove

confirm email















        		800 n. lindbergh boulevard
        		
        		st. louis, mo 63167
        	

facebook









©2002-2017 monsanto company – all rights reserved sitemap|
legal notice|privacy policy|
contact us







news & stories


conversation


news releases




innovation


products


our brands


seeds


agricultural biologicals


crop protection


safety information






company


investors


careers


contact us


more


america's farmers


modern agriculture


monsanto fund





sign up for our email newsletter

        				the monsanto newsletter brings you the latest modern agriculture news each month.
        			


first name *

last name

email *










©2002-2017 monsanto company – all rights reserved sitemap|terms & conditions|privacy policy|contact us












