




java developer/software engineer at monsanto
























skip navigation
















who we hire
working at monsanto
inclusion & diversity
student opportunities
our benefits
monsanto.com















search our jobs  
search our jobs


keyword



location




radius
select radius
5 miles
15 miles
25 miles
35 miles
50 miles



search




discover matches to jobs using your linkedin profile  »






java developer/software engineer

apply now
apply later
req id 01mi2 date posted 11/18/2017
twenty years from now, the earth’s population will need 55% more food than it can produce now.  today, monsanto is working with farmers around the world to do something about it.  in over 60 countries, monsanto has established industry-leading products because we give professionals the freedom to make real decisions.  monsanto is an employer of choice with an outstanding professional development program and a history of building careers.   make an impact by joining the team that is working to solve one of mankind’s greatest challenges.monsanto is seeking a highly motivated java developer/software engineer to join the cross-functional labos team responsible for the design and deployment of biotech’s lims goals.  the software engineer is responsible for the integration of datasets from laboratory lims into foundational enterprise data architecture. this individual will play a key role gathering requirements from biotech production individuals, developing data pipelines to connect and integrate datasets, and building services to automate data-driven decisions. responsibilities include:create and implement web based user interfaces across our multiple genotyping labs design and deploy biotech data solutions into next generation it infrastructure (cloud foundry, aws, graph database, etc.) enable data science and automated workflow decisions through the creation of open, accessible, discoverable datasetsparticipate in and lead best practice coding standards and guidelines for it systems required education and skills/experience:

minimum of a bachelor’s degree in computer science, information systems or other related field or equivalent combination of education and experience
extensive programming experience in java and oracle databases 
proven experience building and maintaining customer facing apis in modern rest frameworks such as akka http, spray and/or play!
a level of comfort with unit testing and test driven development methodologies 
experience leveraging large scale databases, either relational or nosql
a proven ability to utilize a major cloud platform (aws, azure, and/or gcp) to implement scalable and resilient software solutions supporting business requirements
demonstrated ability to solve complex problems
experience with stream processing using apache kafka
familiarity with creating and maintaining containerized application deployments with a platform like docker
 
desired education and skills/experience:

experience with developing and supporting labware and other lims
prior experience working for a global organization
agile and devops experience
 
who is monsanto? 
monsanto is an agriculture company with more than 20,000 employees focused on making a balanced meal accessible to everyone. we work to help farmers produce food in a more sustainable way. we think about how our food is grown so farmers have the tools they need to have better harvests.
 
we believe that bringing diverse perspectives together is the most effective way to develop creative solutions to some of the world’s biggest challenges. career opportunities at monsanto range from farming, plant breeding, chemistry and engineering to marketing, environmental science, it and many other areas. we’re always looking for exceptional professionals interested in developing a strong career while collaborating to develop solutions for sustainable agriculture. sound like a job for you?
 
why work with us?

life at monsanto means collaborating with dedicated professionals in a stimulating environment
our people demonstrate our winning culture through positive and meaningful relationships
you will work with market leading brand products in a global organization
we provide competitive salaries, excellent benefits, and some of the best career development opportunities in the industry
monsanto is named great place to work in many countries around the world
 
join our global team where your contribution will make a real difference!
apply now
apply later




map
st. louis
view the area



share

facebook
google+
twitter
linkedin
email




related jobs


materials testing laboratory chemist
st. louis, missouri


biodirect production research associate
st. louis, missouri


pathology and discovery breeding co-op
st. louis, missouri


data scientist
st. louis, missouri


procurement supervisor
santa fe, federal district













































get job news and event updates
first namelast namephone numberemail addressinterested insearch for a category / location, select a term from the suggestions, and click “add.”categorylocationaddresearch & development, st. louis, missouri, united statesremoveremove

confirm email















        		800 n. lindbergh boulevard
        		
        		st. louis, mo 63167
        	

facebook









©2002-2017 monsanto company – all rights reserved sitemap|
legal notice|privacy policy|
contact us







news & stories


conversation


news releases




innovation


products


our brands


seeds


agricultural biologicals


crop protection


safety information






company


investors


careers


contact us


more


america's farmers


modern agriculture


monsanto fund





sign up for our email newsletter

        				the monsanto newsletter brings you the latest modern agriculture news each month.
        			


first name *

last name

email *










©2002-2017 monsanto company – all rights reserved sitemap|terms & conditions|privacy policy|contact us












