




software developer i - android description at td ameritrade


















skip navigation






menu


returning applicants
locations
about us
students






find a job at td ameritrade.
find a job at td ameritrade.


keywords



location




radius
radius
5 miles
15 miles
25 miles
35 miles
50 miles



search




search jobs with your linkedin profile







software developer i - android

apply now
send to email

save job
remove job

view saved jobs




quick facts
st. louis, missouri
id# 2017-13260

regular full-time
first level professional


role:
the android developer i will be responsible for learning analysis and development tasks for td ameritrade’s applications and systems.  the incumbent may have 1 – 2 years of experience working in an application development environment, or may be a recent college graduate with no application development experience.



responsibilities:
contribute to product design tasks of a low, moderate or high complexity which may require research and analysis.learn the process of product design.may begin to do product design tasks of a low complexity.contribute to system design and specification development.learn the process of system design and specification development.program logic and flow-charting, testing, debugging, and documentation.specific skill requirements could vary based on the type of development being performed.works independently and with supervisory review on low, moderate or highly complex programming tasks.learns process of programming tasks.provides analysis of problems and recommends solutions.prepares program specifications and develops coding logic flowcharts in compliance with secure coding standards.participates in client interactions, possibly with more senior team members, to develop system solutions to business problems.may work in conjunction with business analysts, but will more likely work in conjunction with more senior developers.works within established procedures and tools to develop, test, validate security features, code reiew, implement, and maintain application software throughout the code life-cycle.works within established procedures and tools to develop, test, and validate security features and code review.implement and maintain application software throughout the code life-cycle.learn best practice application.


requirements:
4 year college degree; computer science or related discipline or equivalent experiencebasic knowledge of common software design patterns (gang of four)knowledge of object oriented analysis and designknowledge of distributed systems developmentknowledge of agile, test driven development or related lifecycle methodologies preferredexperience working with highly concurrent systems preferredknowledge of multi-threading and concurrencyknowledge of network programming and sockets preferredfinancial services experience preferred0+ years of (java, c++, c#, etc.) programming experience requiredexperience with real time processing, relational database systems, and dataability to interpret business requirementsexperience with unix/linux, windowsdemonstrated experience working with core business logic within applicationsmilitary education or experience may be considered in lieu of civilian requirements listed


apply now
send to email




share this:

linkedin
facebook
twitter
email
reddit
 whatsapp






taher - java developer





advanced technology – ann arbor





christa - site support





ux video











what's it like working at this location?
learn more







ourculture
learn more









information technology careers

 learn more











join the talent community

not ready to apply right now but like what you see? stay up to date with career news and events at td ameritrade and join our talent community.



sign up for job alerts
your email addressinterested inselect a job category from the list of options. search for a location and select one from the list of suggestions. finally, click “add” to create your job alert.categoryselect a job categoryadministrative supportanalystauditbranch networkclient servicescompliance and risk managementcore operationscorporate servicesdatafinance and accountingfinancial advisorfinancial consultanthuman resourcesinformation technologyinstitutionalinternal auditinvestor serviceslegalmarketing/communicationsproduct development & mgmtproject and program managementsales and relationship mgmtsenior developerstrategic planning and analyticsstrategylocationaddinformation technology, st. louis, missouri, united statesremoveremove

confirm email









your saved jobs
you have not saved any jobs.




about td ameritrade.

a leader in brokerage and investment services for over 35 years, td ameritrade offers a full spectrum of powerful solutions and innovative tools for trading and investing. we're constantly expanding our knowledge and bolstering our capabilities, from a leading active trader program to intuitive long-term investment solutions and a national branch system. combined with some of the industry's brightest minds, there's no limit to how big our accomplishments can be.
from first-time investors to sophisticated traders, td ameritrade is focused on helping individuals seek out their financial goals. and you're the ambassador to all that we do. beginning with our trading platform and proprietary technology to our resolve to outperform, you'll maintain the high level of quality and integrity we're known for, each and every day. with the right opportunity, there's no limit to what you can accomplish.


as a leading employer in financial services, we believe in building strong relationships, achieving quality results and working with integrity. it's at the heart of everything we do. that's why we provide you with comprehensive training, benefits and programs that inspire you to achieve more every day. apply to a td ameritrade job today and help our clients pursue their dreams, while you fulfill yours.
applicants must be eligible to work in the u.s. immigration sponsorship is typically not available for this position.
td ameritrade participates in the e-verify program. for additional information on this program please click here.
		td ameritrade is an equal opportunity employer. we value diversity and offer a quality workplace.
		td ameritrade, inc. member finra/sipc/nfa is a subsidiary of td ameritrade holding corporation (nasdaq:amtd). td ameritrade is a trademark jointly owned by td ameritrade ip company and the toronto-dominion bank.
© 2014 td ameritrade ip company, inc. all rights reserved. used with permission.


read more



 about information technology jobs
td ameritrade has been a leader in brokerage and investment services for over 40 years and offers a full spectrum of powerful solutions and innovative tools for trading and investing. we’re constantly expanding our knowledge and bolstering our capabilities, from a leading active trader program to intuitive long-term investment solutions and a national branch system. and in order to continue achieving, we need the best professionals to join us with an information technology job.&lt; br &gt;
at td ameritrade we understand that one of the biggest investments we make as a company is in our people. and that’s why we are committed to a successful, client-focused business model, training programs and advancement paths and an outstanding work environment where you can grow your career.&lt; br &gt;
learn more about information technology jobs with td ameritrade today.




all about growth.
by virtue of what we do, our world is filled with numbers. here are just a few that we believe best describe td ameritrade at its finest.




5,900 full-time employees





100+branches in 34 states





96,000 hours volunteered to community programs









jobs by category
jobs by location
browse job groups


td ameritrade holding corporation (nasdaq:amtd). brokerage services provided td ameritrade, inc. and td ameritrade clearing, inc., members finra/sipc, subsidiaries of td ameritrade holding corporation. td ameritrade is a trademark jointly owned by td ameritrade ip company, inc. and the toronto-dominion bank. © 2017 td ameritrade
td ameritrade participates in the e-verify program. for additional information on this program please click here
td ameritrade is an equal opportunity employer. at td ameritrade we believe that people matter. we value diversity and believe that it transcends race, national origin, age, marital status, gender identity / expression, sexual orientation, citizenship status, service in the armed forces, disability, thoughts, ideas and perspectives. our commitment to building an inclusive culture is aimed at attracting and retaining diverse talent, clients and shareholders to the firm. it’s a belief that’s core to the success of our organization.


follow td ameritrade

facebook
twitter
linkedin
glassdoor




















