
software engineer - python job - gateway blend, llc - clayton, mo | indeed.com






















skip to job description, searchclose









find jobscompany reviewsfind salariesfind resumesemployers / post job







upload your resume


sign in







:







what
where





advanced job search


 

 



 



job title, keywords or company


city, state, or zip












software engineer - python

gateway blend, llc
     -
clayton, mo


the software engineer contributes to the growth and performance of our web and marketing applications. the successful candidate will join our growing engineering team. key responsibilities will include the design, development, testing and deployment of enhanced software systems.essential functions:design, develop, test, deploy, maintain, and enhance software solutions in a team environmentnavigate between teams and projects as our fast-paced business grows and evolvesbe comfortable with agile development cyclesbe able to translate client requests into formal software requirementswork cross-functionally with internal teamsdevelop, enhance, and document explicit codeprovide direction in complex problem solving situationseducation, experience and skills:b.s. in computer science, computer engineering or 3 years of relevant work experienceprogramming experience in python, javascript, html5/csscomfortable working with web or big data frameworks (django, flask, hadoop & spark)understanding of distributed version control, specifically githighly organized and detail orientedapi integration and development experience using rest and http methodsstrong object-oriented skillsexperience and understanding of mvc architectureexperience with web services and data stores (hadoop, redis, beanstalk, kafka, elastic search, aws emr)experience with relational databases (mysql)benefits of working at gateway blend:competitive base salary with bonus100% company paid for medical coverage for employee and familymatching 401kawesome work environment with casual dresscentrally located in downtown clayton with free covered parkinggateway blend is a rapidly growing internet technology company that owns and operates a portfolio of high-traffic websites. our online properties specialize in presenting engaging content that draws 70 million visitors monthly. currently, gateway blend is comprised of over 70 employees in both st. louis and toronto. gateway blend, and this opportunity, are located in st. louis, missouri.job type: full-timejob location:clayton, morequired education:bachelor'srequired experience:python: 3 years

30+ days ago   -  save job









» apply now

            please review all application instructions before applying to gateway blend, llc.






other jobs you may like


engineer 2, software

enterprise holdings -
					st. louis, mo
enterprise rent-a-car - 
					4 days ago


software engineer

tyler technologies, inc. -
					st. louis, mo
14 days ago


software engineer

label insight -
					st. louis, mo
18 days ago

 easily apply



consultant, software engineering (speciality)

technology partners -
					st. louis, mo
1 day ago


sr. engineer, software engineering (specialit...

technology partners -
					st. louis, mo
1 day ago





 





let employers find youthousands of employers search for candidates on indeedupload your resume










about - help center


©2017 indeed - cookies, privacy and terms



let employers find you  upload your resume









indeed salary estimatewe know salary is a key component of your decision whether or not to apply for a job. so when the hiring company hasn’t provided a salary for a job, we look at salary data from related companies and locations to come up with a reasonable estimate for what you can expect.with over 450,000,000 salaries collected from other jobs and employees, we use one of the biggest salary databases in the world to inform these estimates. and because we are continually adding feedback from users like you, we are able to keep refining our accuracy.these salary estimates are not endorsed by the hiring companies and may vary from what’s actually offered, but we have a pretty great record of getting close enough for you to make an informed decision.is this your job listing? send us feedback to correct an inaccurate salary estimate.

