



return path careers - software engineer - backend



























 











                                                    return path careers                                            







                software engineer - backend
    
    

                            engineering            
                    broomfield,
                            colorado
                
                        



        apply
    


description

who is return path?return path is the expert in deliverability. every day, our customers trust our data and insights to help them optimize their email marketing. partnered with best-in-class email service providers, we help marketers take their email programs to the next level by driving more response and increasing revenue.at return path, we know email.through the return path data exchange, we’ve brought together the world’s most comprehensive source of data from the email ecosystem. we partner with more than 70 providers of mailbox and security solutions, covering 2.5 billion inboxes—approximately 70 percent of the worldwide total. also feeding into this data platform is our consumer network of more than 2 million consumers, delivering unparalleled insight into user behavior, brand affinity, and consumer preferences.once you’re an employee here, this is a place where you’ll be challenged, inspired, rewarded, and transformed.the impact you’ll havewe’re swimming in data, terabytes of it, and we need a few smart, versatile software engineers to help us solve the most pressing challenges in the email industry. for example, we process data from 100+ million email messages every day, and build useful products powered by all that data. if you love solving complex problems in a simple way, you have solid programming skills and you are passionate about achieving meaningful business results, then you may be the right fit as a software engineer.as a software engineer here, you will be working alongside other dedicated and passionate engineers, product managers and data analysts, to build the backend to power the next generation of return path applications to solve the most pressing challenges in the email industry, and to help people and businesses communicate more reliably, effectively, and securely. while you don’t need a fancy degree to work here, you do need to embrace learning and continuous improvement, have a strong technical skill set, and favor simple solutions over complex ones. the people we hire are pragmatic, versatile, compelled by data and self-directed.what does it take to be successful in this role?mid-to-senior backend engineering experience (5+ years)we use go, python, and php for our backend and api systemswe require strong familiarity with linux-based systemsyou have deep experience with relational databasesyou have a passion for large volume data processing (mapreduce, spark, etc)we are heavy users of docker, kubernetes, helm, terraform, and awsyou are curious and have a willingness to learn from/teach your colleaguesyou are able to monitor, design, implement, and scale the infrastructure required by the applications you buildyou have an analytical mind with a strong grasp of algorithms and data structuresyou have experience developing and maintaining distributed systemsexperience with ci/cdyou are interested in working on an agile/lean teamyou have prior experience handling reliability, troubleshooting, and day-to-day deployment/monitoring operations for the products that you developedyou are self-motivatedunderstanding secure coding standards is a huge plusknowledge of email technology (smtp, dkim, mime, etc) is a plusyou care about technology and actively contribute to open source projectsin addition to the above, you are a good fit if you demonstrate:the desire for personal/professional growthprofessionalismexecution and critical thinkinga positive impactgreat sense of humorpeople firstwe are building an extraordinary company that helps people and businesses communicate more reliably, effectively, and securely. we put people first, do the right thing, and succeed together.we believe that our people are the most important part of our business. we incorporate this philosophy into our practices and we live it every day. this means we have generous traditional benefits and take a lot of time to focus on quality management and leadership development. we also strive to ensure each person in the company is in the right job, knows how his or her job contributes to the overall company mission, and has a clear sense of career growth and direction. we have great employee retention because people love our culture and really feel like they're part of something special.do the right thingthe rp experience is a two-way exchange. we expect you to give us your best day in and day out, and you can expect the same from us. in exchange for your talent, your energy, and your unique contributions, we will strive to give you the flexibility to live a balanced, healthy life. this means more than competitive pay and benefits—it means offering the freedom to create your ideal experience inside and outside the office.for more information visit www.returnpath.comreturn path is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. we are committed to equal opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, gender, gender identity, parental or pregnancy status, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, or veteran status.
            
                            



        apply
    

        apply later    


            ← back to current openings        




share





linkedin




facebook




twitter




email






similar jobs





                                    {{ job.title }}
                                












powered by jobvite









