







join the meetingone team

















































 







×
select your location / language






usaenglish




canadaenglish






europefrench




europeenglish




europedutch












×
























×








sales@meetingone.com
toll free: 1-888-523-9194
toll: 1-303-623-2530 (option 3)




support@meetingone.com
toll free: 1-888-523-8445
toll: 1-303-623-2530 (option 2)




saleseu@meetingone.com
: +32 (0)2 808 57 96
: +33 (0)1 84 88 00 48
: +353 (0)766 801 174
: +352 20 88 11 23
: +31 (0)85 888 11 14
: +44 (0)203 318 3773



supporteu@meetingone.com
: + 32 (0)2 808 56 09
: +33 (0)9 75 18 22 84
: +353 (0)766 801 165
: +352 27 860 159
: +31 (0)85 888 1182
: +44 (0)845 528 0658
: +41 (0)225 180 408












   |  
                
























toggle navigation






menuproductsaudio conferencingaudioone – conference callingaudioone oam – online account managementclick&meet for audioone – call control interfacescheduleone for audioone – conferencing management portal for outlookaudioone api – bring conference calling directly to your favorite platformsweb conferencingadobe connect meetings – business communicationsadobe connect webinars – scheduled online events with registrationscheduleone for adobe connect – conferencing management portal for outlookelearningadobe connect virtual classrooms – online trackable teaching environmentsadobe captivate prime – easy lms powered by gamification

lms integrations

 – bring your adobe connect rooms directly to your lms interface

platforms include:


blackboard


canvas


moodle


and more


servicessupportsupport levelsaudio & online event productiontraining packagesonline event facilitation & coachingcustomizationbranding – apply company identity to our productsintegrationsintegrations for:
• audio
• web
• lms
securitysecurity overviewproduct compliancesolutions

 education


 healthcare


 training / hr




 government


 enterprise

resourceslearnebooks & worksheetswebinarsblogproduct supportsupport center
• adobe connect
• audioone
• click&meet
• scheduleone
• oam
customer toolsinternational access numbersus & canadian access numbersinternational dialing optionsonline bill payaboutabout meetingonecustomer success programmeet the teamjoin the teambecome a partnercontact us












join our team









become a part of something great at meetingone.
meetingone is a rapidly growing software development and services company focused on conferencing and web technology solutions.  headquartered in denver, colorado, meetingone is a full service audio & web conferencing, e-learning, event solution and consulting services provider. since 1999, meetingone has enabled businesses and educational organizations around the world to communicate more effectively, despite geographic distances, using innovative virtual meeting and event technologies and services. the company understands that there are many conferencing offerings to choose from today but meetingone has a unique profile as it owns its audio conferencing proprietary platform and can offer technology agility, perfect customization, and personalized customer care that is impossible to find with larger conferencing players or small resellers having no say in their offering.  more info at www.meetingone.com.
it is an exciting time for our industry as virtual technologies are spreading like wildfire. due to this trend, our united states business is ramping up, and we currently have several openings for new team members.
meetingone is comprised of an energetic group of high-achievers focused on excellence in each of our areas. we are seeking like-minded individuals who are results-oriented and equally dedicated to excellence. if you are interested in working in an entrepreneurial environment and consider yourself a self-starter with a pro-active and self-motivated attitude, we invite you to apply at jobs@meetingone.com.






open career opportunities











united states (denver, co)




sales account executive
					 



sales account executive




this position is responsible for generating revenue and developing new business through self-generated leads as well as incoming leads. this candidate is a high achiever and results-oriented contributor who strives in an entrepreneurial and customer focus environment.  this candidate must have a proven track record of hard work, dedication to the job and willingness to go above and beyond.
responsibilities:

developing and managing new accounts while maintaining and sustaining successful long-term relationships with key c-level decision makers
building your own prospecting list
understanding customer’s short and long range planning objectives
generating accurate sales forecasts, strategies and creative solutions for accounts
delivering online and on-site presentation to prospective clients and customers
developing market and competitor knowledge
ability to follow instructions and execute outlined planned of success

qualifications:

proven track record of exceeding quota and minimum of 5 years successful b2b experience selling technology solutions to mid-market to enterprise corporate customers
proven history of new account development
exceptional prospecting, qualifying, and closing skills
comfortable selling to “c” level executives
exceptional business acumen
conferencing industry experience preferred
strong communication and presentation skills, verbal and written
energetic, competitive and persistent
excellent planning, time management, and follow-up skills
excellent organizational skills
able to use critical thinking skills in a variety of situations
ability to work collaboratively with others
proven ability to deliver high-quality, result based work
capacity to manage themselves
proficient in microsoft office
experience with salesforce.com preferred
inside sales experience preferred
bs/ba required
some travel required

benefits:
we value our employees’ time and efforts. our commitment to your success is enhanced by our competitive compensation with unlimited commissions, and bonuses as well as extensive benefits package and future growth opportunities within the company. plus, we strive to provide a collaborative, creative environment where each person feels encouraged to contribute to our processes, decisions, planning, and culture.






send in cover letter & resume




principal qa engineer
					 



principal qa engineer
this position will be responsible for maintaining and improving our in house software test life cycle (stlc) for meetingone. the successful candidate will have a mature quality assurance skillset which includes a senior skillset in automation using various automation tools available in the industry today as well as the knowledge to layout stlc-related processes and integrate those respective processes into an agile scrum software development framework.


specific duties/ responsibilities: 

design and implement quality assurance policies and procedures within an agile scrum product development environment.
implement quality assurance standards and best practices.
create and execute test cases for meetingone products and services automating the testing of applications wherever possible.
investigate and validate internal and external stakeholder reports of meetingone products and service bugs.
maintain and report on statistical information related to the number of defects found during any given sprint as well as maintaining defect tracking and trending information for post-production releases. recommend process enhancements to minimize defect rates based on the captured statistical information.
collaborate with software engineers and business stakeholders to ensure product functions are working as designed.
document software bug trends and advise executive stakeholders on enhancements to the overall sdlc to minimize software bugs released to production.
troubleshoot complex problems related to faulty code and/or infrastructure related limitations.
responsible for ensuring meetingone software maintains compliance with legal, contractual, and regulatory commitments.

qualifications:

excellent interpersonal skills with the ability to develop working relationships.
be able to work in a team setting as well as individually.
personally motivated to excel and ability to self-educate as needed.
4-year college degree required.
4+ years working in as a software quality assurance professional.
2+ years working in an agile scrum team required.
the ability to read some form of coding language preferred.
experience writing basic sql statements a plus.
senior-level skillset in automated testing tools (selenium, test architect, etc.)
experience with load and performance testing.
experience with telecommunications technologies such as voip a plus.
basic knowledge of windows and linux platforms.
related certifications a plus.
experience with testing and maintaining regulatory and security compliance standards a plus.
experience in healthcare and/or telecommunications a plus.
experienced in all facets of the stlc.
knowledge of test rail is a plus

benefits:
we value our employees’ time and efforts. our commitment to your success is enhanced by our competitive compensation with unlimited commissions, and bonuses as well as extensive benefits package and future growth opportunities within the company. plus, we strive to provide a collaborative, creative environment where each person feels encouraged to contribute to our processes, decisions, planning, and culture.




send in cover letter & resume




full stack software engineer
					 



full stack software engineer
meetingone is seeking full stack engineer to join its in-house development team and to lead the design and creation of advanced audio conferencing products.


specific duties/ responsibilities:

architect and develop our next generation conferencing solutions
take on and maintain existing applications
participate in the improvement of internal development processes
participate in the design of new products.
assist qa department in developing test plans and test cases.
maintain existing source code control repositories.
participate in documentation of new and existing systems.
be available 24×7 for emergencies.
troubleshoot issues and problems from internal and external clients.
learn the ins and outs of the teleconferencing industry and become an integral part of the organization.
be willing to wear multiple hats (assist operations and clients)

qualifications:

excellent interpersonal skills with the ability to develop working relationships with internal and external clients.
5 years + experience with the full stack and equally at ease with ui code as server-side code.
5 years + experience with audio applications (conferencing, call center, etc.)
8 years + java or .net development (preferably good exposure to both)
8 years + database experience
8 years + complex systems (distributed architectures, distributed caching, multi-threading, etc.)
exposure to angular
be results orientated
can work in a team setting as well as individually.
personally motivated to excel and ability to self-educate as needed.
open minded and able to take initiative, willing to listen to peers and seek their guidance if necessary
be used to working in small team
used to working in an agile environment
visual studio and/or eclipse java ide.
experience working in both windows and linux environments.
experience with voip / sip and / or some telecoms knowledge is a plus

benefits:
we value our employees’ time and efforts. our commitment to your success is enhanced by our competitive compensation with unlimited commissions, and bonuses as well as extensive benefits package and future growth opportunities within the company. plus, we strive to provide a collaborative, creative environment where each person feels encouraged to contribute to our processes, decisions, planning, and culture.




send in cover letter & resume




smb sales account executive
					 



smb sales account executive
meetingone is seeking full stack engineer to join its in-house development team and to lead the design and creation of advanced audio conferencing products.


specific duties/ responsibilities:
the smb sales account executive position will be managing small accounts while supporting the sales team and owning a sales quota. s/he will gain valuable insight on the inner workings of supporting a successful and efficient sales process while having the opportunity to contribute to the overall achievement of the team in a meaningful, powerful and tangible way. the role will require a customer focused attitude and careful attention to detail. the day to day activities will include administrative tasks, order processing, and customer care.
responsibilities include:

answer sales line
follow-up with leads
sales order processing
sales force deals registration
follow-up with clients ‘renewals
support day to day activities of sales executives
administrative tasks as assigned
be the primary point of contact and build long-term relationships with customers
achieve renewals/retention goals as well as upsell new services to customer base
liaise between the customer and internal teams

desired skills/experience:

looking for enthusiastic people with willingness to learn, and ability to multi-task
proven ability to manage multiple projects at a time while paying strict attention to detail
exceptional verbal and written communication skills required
basic to intermediate ms office (word, excel, powerpoint) skills
some knowledge of sales force crm preferred
 good attitude, motivation and patience
completed 2+ years of college coursework
willingness to be coached and learn new skills
reliable and dependable
ability to contribute to the team and give clear feedback
keen attention to detail and adherence to deadlines
expert at microsoft office suite, salesforce
must have excellent phone etiquette and demonstrate professional demeanor
must be able to prioritize work assignments and work in fast paced setting

benefits:
we value our employees’ time and efforts. our commitment to your success is enhanced by our competitive compensation with unlimited commissions, and bonuses as well as extensive benefits package and future growth opportunities within the company. plus, we strive to provide a collaborative, creative environment where each person feels encouraged to contribute to our processes, decisions, planning, and culture.




send in cover letter & resume










france 




ingénieur commercial
					 



france – ingénieur commercial




meetingone fournit une solution complète de formations en ligne, de réunions audio, de conférences web et d’événements en ligne.
depuis 1999, nous mettons en relation les sociétés et les organisations avec leurs collaborateurs, leurs partenaires, leurs clients et prospects où qu’ils soient dans le monde entier. cette collaboration à distance est rendue possible grâce à la réunion web, à la formation interactive, aux événements et services en ligne.
notre offre répond de manière personnalisée à vos besoins en matière de présentation de formation en ligne, d’organisation de webinaires, de démonstrations commerciales, de lancement de nouveaux produits, communication avec les investisseurs et bien plus encore. actuellement, des milliers de clients utilisent nos solutions tout-en-un pour des réunions et des événements en ligne grâce à notre technologie simple d’utilisation.
nous sommes présents en europe, en amérique du nord et nous comptons parmi nos partenaires une entreprise leader en europe dans le monde de la télécommunication, ainsi que des fonds d’investissements.
le siège de meetingone est à denver dans le colorado, les unités opérationnelles sont situées à bruxelles, paris et montpellier.
dans ce cadre, meetingone recrute deux ingénieurs commerciaux chasseurs (homme ou femme) afin de porter ce développement. ils auront pour mission de vendre  notre suite de solutions de communication tout en un : audio et webconférence.
le candidat ou la candidate aura une  expérience réussie dans la vente de services be-to-be. le poste sera  basé à paris.
au regard des résultats obtenus au cours de l’année 2009, le candidat pourra se voir confier le développement et l’animation d’une équipe commerciale dédiée au marché français.
descriptif du poste :
pour ce faire, le candidat h/f assure l’intégralité du cycle de vente de la prise de rdv à la signature et au suivi, soit :

développement de « partenariats » avec orange et adobe.
la présentation du groupe auprès des différents interlocuteurs ciblés.
la prospection intensive téléphonique et en face à face de nouveaux clients sur la base de la segmentation définie avec la direction générale.
management par comptes et accompagnement de la croissance de ces comptes.
l’ ’identification ainsi que la qualification précise des besoins des prospects pour répondre au mieux à leurs attentes et leur proposer un ensemble de services de téléconférence personnalisés. signature des contrats.
expérience réussie dans la vente de produits d’audio et de webconférence.
la rédaction des propositions commerciales personnalisées et responsabilité de la négociation commerciale.
développement d’une stratégie « gagnant-gagnant »

profil recherché h/f:

de formation supérieure commerciale, vous avez une expérience de plus de 5 ans dans une fonction de développement commercial dans l’univers des services en b to b.
vous disposez d’une bonne aisance rédactionnelle et vous êtes un grand communiquant.
ce fort challenge entrepreneurial (il s’agit de développer le marché français) suppose des candidats matures et autonomes ayant le goût du défi et du dépassement.
capacités de négociation et de conseil, bilingue (anglais/français), connaissances informatiques pointues, curiosité ainsi qu’un tempérament de chasseur font de vous le ou la candidate recherché(e).
package intéressant et motivant pour les meilleurs.
des évolutions en france à terme.

meetingone offre:

un salaire fixe  plus des commissions
la prévoyance et la mutuelle
le téléphone portable
l’ordinateur portable







appliquer










belgium (brussels and flanders)




sales account executive
					 



belgium – sales account executive
job description:





exceeding sales targets by closing & developing new accounts
prospecting (cold calls, e-mails) to start and create new business relationships
consultative approach to determine the prospects current volume of conferencing minutes and finding out what services fit their needs
conducting online sales presentations and demonstrate products and services to the prospects and customers
increase revenue per month in assigned accounts
provide weekly reports on activities, sales trend, performance, etc
communicating and interfacing with all levels of management

experience

min two years successful experience in sales and market development
excellent presentation skills as well as strong written and verbal communication skills
ambitious and passionate about sales and able to work on your own to win new business in a competitive market place
strong solutions sales experience
software or technology services background is a plus
trilingual (dutch/french/english)
working knowledge of microsoft office suite, outlook, internet

location
flanders and brussels
salary

a competitive base salary plus commission
a company car
lunch vouchers
a cell phone
laptop







apply




























quick links


about us
join our team
schedule a demo
online bill pay
support
contact us



locations
united states
one cherry center
501 s. cherry st., suite 500
denver, co 80246 usa
toll free: 1-866-523-1137
local: (303) 623-2530
fax: (303) 623-1294





belgium
avenue jules bordet 160
1140 brussels belgium
tel.: +32 (0) 2 789 00 00
fax: +32 (0) 2 789 00 01





france
112 avenue kléber
75016 paris france
tél: +33 (0) 1 84 88 01 67
fax: +33 (0) 4 99 13 64 85











rss feed
facebook
twitter
linkedin
youtube

connect with us





copyright © 2017
site map
privacy policies
terms of use
 


design by serff creative group, inc.
powered by smo pros





















