

	jr. software engineer #314213 denver, co




























jr. software engineer
denver, co





apply
view all jobs




share this job












company information


job description

	crownpeak is looking for full stack web development expertise to join our engineering team. we’re building highly collaborative, agile teams that are diverse and well-rounded. we advocate for continuous learning and continuous improvement as individuals and as a whole. building on engineering best practices like test automation, code review, and static analysis, we’re passionate about solving problems in a supportive, high-growth environment.

	responsibilities


		 design and develop high-quality features and interfaces

		 participate in code reviews

		 become familiar with company engineering systems and tools

		 learn and embrace agile software engineering best practices such as pair programming, tdd/bdd, static analysis, and continuous test.

		 participate in local community events such as meet ups and conferences.
		 



skills & requirements

	requirements


		 dedication to the craft of software engineering and architecture

		 experience with web development and relational database technologies

		 strong ability to design effective solutions to complex problems

		 knowledge of agile software development approach and methodologies

		 excellent debugging/analytical skills


	technologies
	experience in our tech stack is a plus but interest is required.


		 angularjs and typescript

		 asp.net, c#, and wcf

		 java/scala, solr, hadoop, kafka and spark

		 relational databases like ms sql server or mysql


	about crownpeak

	crownpeak provides web content management software-as-a-service (saas) to large global enterprises.  web content management enables digital marketers and e-business teams to create and manage web and mobile sites, target content to specific audiences and analyze visitor behavior.  organizations such as metlife, the bank of new york mellon, aflac, prudential, eli lilly and deloitte have deployed over 3,500 major web and mobile sites on the platform.

	crownpeak encourages creativity and professional growth along with a competitive salary and benefits package including medical, dental, vision, life, 401(k), paid vacation, holidays, and more.





apply
view all jobs


 


 
 













