nexgen technologies, inc. java developer - full stack | smartrecruiters

java developer - full stack6th and kipling, denver, co, usfull-timecompany descriptionnexgen technologies, inc. is a premier it services and resource provider to various civilian agencies within the federal government with iso 9001 certified quality management systems. our partners include major software manufacturers and large corporations and small businesses in the it industry. our team members are currently providing mission-critical application development and support services to civilian agencies within the federal government.job descriptionnexgen technologies, inc. is looking for an intermediate level enterprise java developer to maintain existing enterprisejava applications. this includes supporting production applications as well astroubleshooting, and implementing bug fixes as well as minor enhancements. weare searching for an individual with front end and back end experience in java ee applicationdevelopment who has the ability to work well within a diverse team. thisindividual will be required to work closely with members of the nexgen’s andclient’s teams, including but not limited to subject matter experts, technicalleads, and project managersqualificationsessential duties and responsibilities include the following. other duties may be assigned:strong  background in java programming languageunderstanding of object oriented concepts, design patterns, and various open-source  toolkits and frameworksfamiliarity with allll aspects of software development life cycleenthusiasm, attention to detail and ability to work on a variety of projects are necessary. this position requires excellent verbal and written communication skills, and good time-management skills.successful      candidate will be required to clear a federal background screen.demonstrable proficiency      with:relational database concepts - rdbms - query constuction selects inserts and updatesangular jssqljava scriptapache web       server, tomcat, or another industry standard application server platformapache struts 2      springjsp & htmlsoap based web       servicesxmlgit, subversion. education/experience:2-4 years experience in java ee application developmentbachelors degree in computer science, information systems, or a related scientific or technical degree; or equivalent experience technical skills/experience:experience with informix and oracle databases.experience with eclipse ideprior production support experience.prior experience working in a government setting.  additional informationthe candidate should also possess strong oral and written communication, problem solving skills and should be a team player.the successful candidate will also be able to pass background screening prior to employment.us citizenship or work-authorization i'm interestedi'm interestedrefer a friendposted bysandy hoelskenshare this jobpowered by