brainspire solutions java developer | smartrecruiters

java developer470 colorado blvd, denver, co 80206, usafull-timecompany descriptionjob location: brainspire engages with multiple companies across the denver-metro / boulder area. you must live in or be moving to the denver-metro boulder area to be considered for this position. brainspire solutions is a custom software development consulting firm located in denver, colorado. we are seeking a full time / salaried employee with advanced customer facing, teamwork, and problem-solving skills. all of our employees have high integrity, an “others first” personality and an ambitious passion for results. we develop unique business software applications that meet our customer’s exact needs, leveraging proven technologies and the agile methodology. our clients demand professionals who can communicate, collaborate and deliver solutions. our service offerings include custom application development, data / business intelligence solutions, portal / website development, systems integration and mobile solutions.brainspire is passionate about development for evolving clients - development of people, software, and solutions. our vision is to be denver’s most trusted software development consulting firm for organizations with lofty goals and complex challenges.we realize to attract and retain the best talent, we must provide challenging technical project opportunities, a culture of professional growth and solid salaries and benefits. brainspire offers full benefits including an employer matching 401k plan and profit sharing.why brainspire?we are seeking the technical top 10% of software developers. with this in mind, brainspire has designed a compensation package which suits the needs of our elite workforce. brainspire employees will enjoy a variety of projects to work on and receive medical, dental and vision benefits which are 100% paid by brainspire! have a family to provide for as well? no problem, brainspire will pick up 50% of their medical/dental/vision premiums as well! in addition, brainspire offers paid time off and a 401k matching program. brainspire knows the worth of a good employee and takes the time to provide ongoing reviews to their employees. this not only helps with employee development, it helps brainspire stay in-tune with their employee’s career aspirations. job descriptionwe are known for hiring the best and the brightest.  our software development team provides creative thinking and trusted advising to our clients.  our client's need vary project to project. all of our employees are well-rounded software developers with skills in .net, java, html, javascript, xml, css, ajax, jquery, relational databases, reporting solutions, portals and various content management systems. our consultants are not afraid to apply their past experiences and learn new technologies to meet various client demands. problem solving and a love of learning are critical.qualificationsjava, .net languageshtml5, javascript, css, bootstrapsql server, mysql, postgresable to use office tools like excel, word and web browsersadditional information all your information will be kept confidential according to eeo guidelines. job location: brainspire engages with multiple companies across the denver-metro / boulder area. you must live in or be moving to the denver-metro boulder area to be considered for this position, as our employees work side by side with our clients.job snapshotemployment type: full-timejob type: consultant serving a variety of industriesbase pay: dependent upon experiencebenefits: medical, dental, vision, health savings account, life insurance, short & long term disability 401k with employer matching, profit sharingbackground check: requireddrug test: based requirededucation: 4 year degreeexperience: at least 5 yearsrequired travel: denver metro areajob locationi'm interestedi'm interestedrefer a friendshare this jobpowered by