







software engineer | thrivehive
























 













































































 





















who we are
what we offer

guided marketing platformstep by step online marketing software
search engine optimization get people to your website
display advertisingreach the right audience
email marketingcommunicate more with prospects
social media marketingbuild your brand, reach new customers
better websiteget your site working smarter
search engine marketingget more leads
local listings builderimprove your online presence 


free resources
blog
contact us
careers
blank

















617-249-2600log in












software engineer



the engineering team
thrivehive is full of truly talented and deeply knowledgeable developers who love their craft. the team you’ll be joining is a small, self-organized group focused on solving challenging engineering problems.
the platform
thrivehive is building cutting-edge apps and services that bring social media firehoses like facebook, twitter, and yelp together to help small businesses grow.  our perch app is quickly becoming a ‘must have’ app used by over 150k small businesses.
 
thrivehive is looking for an engineer to help us build amazing software, including killer mobile and web applications.  as that engineer, you must have a passion for and a bit of history building great software and working with other talented folks on tough problems.
 
about you


you have at least 3 years of professional software development experience


you know and have worked with multiple programming languages (among others, we use swift, groovy, java, and typescript)


you have experience building some of the following: rest apis, systems integrations, mobile apps, message based systems, and/or web apps


you understand the principles of building scalable systems and leveraging modern technologies (among others, we use github, jenkins, aws including s3, elb, rds, ec2, redis, activemq, cloudwatch)


you live the principles of software craftsmanship. you write clean code, even when working on difficult problems.  you’re comfortable with source control, and believe in things like sensible documentation and solid test coverage


you have some experience with relational databases


you’re proud of the work you do


what we look for


people we can teach!


people we can learn from!


people that love programming and pushing the limits of what they know!


people who are creative, passionate, and curious!


our denver office
this position is based out of our denver office in the dog/bike friendly taxi development along the platte river trail in the river north neighborhood.  the office has easy access to all the great stuff in rino, plus coors field and union station are just down the street.
 

apply now



















products 
guided marketing platform
display advertising
social media marketing
search engine marketing
search engine optimization
email marketing
better website
local listings builder


company 
about us
leadership
careers
press & media
partners
contact us


expertise 
blog
success stories

 connect






address

thrivehive
108 myrtle st
quincy, ma 02171








© 2017 thrivehive. all rights reserved					
terms & conditions
privacy policy
contact us












propel marketing is now thrivehive! click this bar to learn more.
































