




	join our talent network


































 



 






 



 




 
        working at transamerica is more than a job.
        we’re a lifeline to families in times of need.
        we help people retire with grace and dignity.
        we help people sleep easier, knowing that they’re ready for whatever comes.
        in short, it’s work that matters.
         
....  read more -->>  job description summary  
are you an innovative leader looking for a new technical challenge? do you want to have exposure to the newest and greatest technologies? if your answer is “yes!&rdqujob description summary
are you an innovative leader looking for a new technical challenge? do you want to have exposure to the newest and greatest technologies? if your answer is “yes!” transamerica wants you! we are looking to add an innovative technical leader to our team that provide solutions to our actuarial business areas. you will be passionate about developing it solutions to achieve technical and business needs that reach across a diverse tech stack including; purchased applications, data solutions, and hardware. so what do you get out if you are already a technical leader and love driving the success and advancement of a team, you may have the opportunity to be responsible for leading a small group of direct reports.
job description
responsibilities

develops specifications and technical design for complex projects.
models business processes and data.
assists in creation and execution of test plans for integration and system tests.
designs, codes, tests, and documents programs and sub-systems.
designs systems, sub-systems or program.
coordinates with co-workers, clients, operations, technical support, and vendors.
interfaces with clients to determine requirements, resolve problems, and perform testing.
analyzes system and program requirements for complex projects. identifies multiple solutions to complex problems.
designs and develops specifications for complex or cross-functional systems and data structures.
analyzes and recommends tools.
plans and completes complex it projects.
champions standards, sox, and best practices.
demonstrates advanced understanding of software development and research tools.

 
qualifications

bachelor’s degree in information systems, computer science or technically related field, or equivalent education/experience.  
minimum of 5 years work experience.
strong core java experience.  
strong sql experience (mssql,oracle).
strong web services experience (soap/rest).
spring experience (spring boot, spring batch).

 
preferred qualifications

experience with jms messaging (activemq or others).
experience with spark or memory computing.
exposure to msg middleware.

 
behavioral & leadership competencies

ability to work in a fast moving team.
is a resource to others in solving problems and works independently.
prepares presentations and leads meetings.

 
our culture
 
at transamerica, we promote a future fit mindset. what is a future fit mindset?

acting as one fosters an environment of positive collaboration.
accountability allows us to own the problem as well as the solution.
agility inspires new ideas, innovation and challenges the status quo.
customer centricity encourages an above and beyond approach to our customer.

 
working conditions

office environment. 
minimal travel (less than 10%).

 
....  read more -->> 




join our talent network
complete this form so you can be kept current on company news, updates, and job opportunities. join us today!
 
*first name*last name*primary email*mobile phoneresume*area of interest
actuary
administration
audit
communications
customer service
executive
facilities
finance
human resources
internship
it
legal and compliance
project management
risk
rvp
sales
underwriting

 

 
 



 



 


 



 









