


full stack software engineer | aegon
























 






















                        vacancies
                    



                        working at aegon
                    



                        roles
                    



                        career development
                    



                        inside aegon
                    

































you are viewing the global section in english








global | english

other location/language




















                        full stack software engineer









home
vacancies
full stack software engineer







                    apply
                











            vacancies
        














full time









information technology










plano,
denver,
baltimore










transamerica



                        develops specifications for new and existing systems.  will deal with clients to determine needs and requirements.  will provide training to co-workers and prepare presentations. provide direction on projects and may supervise the tasks of other members of the project.
                    

responsibilitiesdevelops specifications for new and existing systems.will deal with clients to determine needs and requirements.provide training to co-workers and prepare presentations.offer direction on projects and may supervise the tasks of other members of the project.develops specifications and technical design for complex projects.models business processes and data.assists in creation and execution of test plans for integration and system tests.designs, codes, tests, and documents programs and sub-systems.designs systems, sub-systems or program. coordinates with co-workers, clients, operations, technical support, and vendors.interfaces with clients to determine requirements, resolve problems, and perform testing.analyzes system and program requirements for complex projects. identifies multiple solutions to complex problems.designs and develops specifications for complex or cross-functional systems and data structures.analyzes and recommends tools.plans and completes complex it projects.champions standards, sox, and best practices.qualificationsbachelor’s degree in computer science, engineering or technically related field required.minimum of 5 years work experience.master’s degree in computer science, engineering or related technical field with 3 years’ experience is also acceptable.strong core java development background.exposure to hadoop.preferred qualificationsbachelor’s degree in computer science, engineering or technically related field required.minimum of 8 years work experience.master’s degree in computer science, engineering or related technical field with 6 years’ experience is also acceptable.strong java or sql development in a hadoop ecosystem.behavioral and leadership competencies demonstrates advanced understanding of software development and research tools.is a resource to others in solving problems and works independently.prepares presentations and leads meetings.our cultureat transamerica we promote a future fit mindset. what is a future fit mindset?acting as one fosters an environment of positive collaboration.accountability allows us to own the problem as well as the solution.agility inspires new ideas, innovation and challenges the status quo.customer centricity encourages an above and beyond approach to our customer.working conditionsnormal office conditions company information
why work for ustotal rewards at transamerica: it’s more than a paycheck. our comprehensive total rewards package is designed to help support you in many ways — throughout all stages of your life and career.  we provide a competitive, market-driven program that encompasses base compensation, bonus potential, retirement, health and wellness benefits, learning and development opportunities, plus great employee perks.  all designed with you in mind… to help you live your best life, grow personally and professionally - and feel valued for the work you do.
learn more about our total rewards package.
equal opportunity employer:transamerica life insurance company is an equal employment opportunity employer and does not discriminate against any applicant or employee because of age, religion, sex, gender identity, genetic information, race, color, national origin, pregnancy, sexual orientation, marital status, participation in the uniformed services (e.g. u.s. armed forces, national guard), physical or mental disability, or any other status protected by federal, state, or local equal employment opportunities laws. 
 
aegon usa realty advisors, llc, is an equal employment opportunity/ affirmative action employer and does not discriminate against any applicant or employee because of age, religion, sex, gender identity, genetic information, race, color, national origin, pregnancy, sexual orientation, marital status, participation in the uniformed services (e.g. u.s. armed forces, national guard), physical or mental disability, or any other status protected by federal, state, or local equal employment opportunities laws.
 
applicants with physical or mental disabilities may be entitled to a form of reasonable accommodation under the americans with disabilities act and certain state and local laws. a reasonable accommodation is a change in the way things are normally done which will insure equal employment opportunity without imposing undue hardship on the transamerica companies. if you are a job seeker with a disability, or are assisting someone with a disability, and require assistance to apply for one of our jobs, please contact: applicantsupport@transamerica.com.
 
technical assistance:
if you experience technical problems during the application process, please email applicantsupport@transamerica.com. 




                            apply
                        








































related vacancies



senior software developer
plano











cloud data architect
plano











senior data architect
plano











senior business intelligence developer
plano











        see all vacancies
    
 






 










transamerica
transamerica careers


visit the dedicated careers website for more information about working for transamerica.

learn more






 










roles
roles at aegon


find out more about different roles available at aegon and transamerica globally.

learn more


























disclaimer
cookies
privacy



© aegon 2017







this website uses cookies to make your browsing experience more efficient and enjoyable. read more


dismiss





notice
you are about to leave the audited section of aegon's 2016 review

cancel
ok








select your preferred country and language
select a country and language combination to change the content on the careers section at aegon.com










        global | english
            



















        nederland | nederlands
    
 
local websites
local websites










        australia
    









        brazil
    









        czech republic
    









        hong kong
    









        hungary
    









        india
    









        japan
    









        poland
    









        romania
    









        slovakia
    









        spain
    









        turkey
    









        united kingdom
    









        united states
    
 













