
junior full-stack javascript/java developer job - kaseware - centennial, co | indeed.com






















skip to job description, searchclose









find jobscompany reviewsfind salariesfind resumesemployers / post job







upload your resume


sign in







:







what
where





advanced job search


 

 



 



job title, keywords or company


city, state, or zip












junior full-stack javascript/java developer

kaseware
     -
centennial, co


                $50,000 - $70,000 a year



kaseware is looking to add a self-motivated, experienced full-stack javascript/java developer to our development team.required experience: javascript (1+ years)java rest (1+ years)agile software development (1+ years)preferred experience: extjs javascript frameworkjax-rs frameworkapache cordovams azurelinuxjenkinsgradlenosqlcompensation: kaseware offers a total compensation package consisting of a competitive salary and an equity grant plus benefits. your salary + equity grant offer will be dependent on your skills and experience. we offer the following benefits:fully paid medical, dental, and vision plans (no employee contribution)paid sick and vacation timeability to work from home on occassionflexible work hours (start and end work a little earlier, or a little later)about the position: you would be a key member of a small, agile, highly-competent development team. you would have an opportunity to make an immediate impact on our product and customers. you would be expected to work well in a small team environment, with little need for supervision. while you will have the opportunity to work from home on occasion, you must reside in the denver metro area.since this is a junior level position, we will accept education experience, unpaid internships, senior projects, and similar non-paid work experience.about kaseware: kaseware is a dynamic start-up company located in the denver metro area. we build software for law enforcement and corporate security customers.due to the nature of our business, you must be able to pass a full cjis compliant fingerprint based background check, which is required for individuals needing access to criminal justice information (cji).u.s. citizens and those authorized to work in the u.s. are encouraged to apply. we are unable to sponsor at this time.job type: full-timesalary: $50,000.00 to $70,000.00 /yearjob location:centennial, corequired education:bachelor'srequired experience:javascript: 1 yearjava: 1 yearrequired language:english

8 days ago   -  save job









» apply now

            please review all application instructions before applying to kaseware.






other jobs you may like


sr. java developer (full stack)

innovar group -
					lone tree, co
9 days ago

 easily apply



junior full stack developer - robo-advisor

charles schwab -
					lone tree, co
8 days ago


full stack developer

horizontal integration -
					centennial, co
15 days ago


java full stack developer

allegiance consulting -
					centennial, co
8 days ago


software developer (magento/react)

quididity -
					englewood, co
30+ days ago

 easily apply






 





let employers find youthousands of employers search for candidates on indeedupload your resume










about - help center


©2017 indeed - cookies, privacy and terms



let employers find you  upload your resume









indeed salary estimatewe know salary is a key component of your decision whether or not to apply for a job. so when the hiring company hasn’t provided a salary for a job, we look at salary data from related companies and locations to come up with a reasonable estimate for what you can expect.with over 450,000,000 salaries collected from other jobs and employees, we use one of the biggest salary databases in the world to inform these estimates. and because we are continually adding feedback from users like you, we are able to keep refining our accuracy.these salary estimates are not endorsed by the hiring companies and may vary from what’s actually offered, but we have a pretty great record of getting close enough for you to make an informed decision.is this your job listing? send us feedback to correct an inaccurate salary estimate.

