



blizzard entertainment careers - associate android software engineer



























 














 careers
                





 careers








                associate android software engineer
    
    

                            new grad roles            
                    austin,
                            texas
                
                        



        apply
    


description

our new grad program is focused on helping you – oh intrepid, graduating student – begin your engineering career in gaming in the most direct way possible. blizzard’s not an easy place to get into, that’s true, but we believe we’re a studio well worthy of your career. for over twenty years now, employees have established and continue to cultivate a culture built on passion, collaboration, creativity, and fun. put simply, we legitimately love doing what we do for a living, and we’re proud to offer you an opportunity to do the same. good luck! blizzard entertainment’s web and mobile team is looking for a talented software engineer to help us develop mobile applications that enhance and compliment blizzard’s epic game experiences.blizzard entertainment’s mobile applications provide the players of our games with rich, interactive second screen experiences that extend engagement with our games long after the player has logged out of the game clients themselves. they connect our players to live events – from exciting exclusive coverage of our blizzcon event to esports tournaments and matches happening worldwide – ensuring that our most passionate fans never have to miss a moment of the content they love. they also provide useful utilities to make the process of playing our games easier and more secure.  we are looking for an engineer who can thrive in our uniquely creative, collaborative, and technically challenging environment to help us push our engagement experiences even deeper into mobile platforms. we love doing what we do for a living, especially in an environment where knowledge sharing and boundary pushing happens instinctively. if you’re ready to merge your inner geek with your outer engineer and embrace the opportunity of a lifetime, we want to work with you!eligibility requirementscurrently enrolled in a us college or universitygraduating between december 2017 – august 2018 authorized to work in the usresponsibilitiesdesign, architect, and implement new user-facing features in blizzard’s mobile apps.support our current portfolio of products, which includes the world of warcraft armory, battle.net authenticator, blizzcon, and wcs applications.write libraries and frameworks to maximize speed and scale of mobile development.develop prototypes for future mobile products.requirementsexperience with java languagesolid understanding of object-oriented and mvc application designexcellent verbal and written communication skillsfamiliarity with networking and high level protocols such as tcp or httpexperience building custom uilove for debugging and knowledge of instrumentsbachelor’s degree in computer science or equivalent experiencepassion for gaming, mobile, and blizzard productsplusesshipped your own personal appscross-platform development experience for ios and androidcollaborated on existing open source projectsweb development experiencesolid understanding of low-level programming and optimizationstrong mobile design and product sensibilitiesagile development experienceexperience with a continuous integration build systemknowledge of test driven development (tdd)required application materialsresume warning! applications that do not include all of the required materials will not be considered. we’re serious about this – due to the volume of applications we receive, we only have time to consider complete submittals.blizzard entertainment is a global company committed to growing our employees along with the business. we offer generous benefits and perks with an eye on providing true work / life balance. we’ve worked hard to foster an intensely collaborative and creative environment, a diverse and inclusive employee culture, and training and opportunity for professional growth. our people are everything. our core values are real, and our mission has never changed. we are dedicated to creating the most epic entertainment experiences…ever. join us! 




        apply
    

        apply later    


 back to job openings
        




share





linkedin




facebook




twitter




email









©  blizzard entertainment
                powered by jobvite








 



