






















unity careers - software engineer @ austin































careers



















software engineer
austin
apply now!































software engineer
austin, full-time


join us in building and delivering the next-generation of tools & services to developers using the unity game engine! the unity austin team is responsible for the unity build pipeline subsystems and related workflows, as well as the unity cloud build service. as a software engineer, you will be working closely with the core engine, editor, and service teams in architecting new and improved subsystems, features, ui components, and apis used by millions of developers around the world.
what you will be doing

collaborate in architecting and implementing unity engine and editor features and improvements.
implementing cloud service support features in the unity engine.
participating in the design of new services, specifically as it relates to subsystems that are appropriate for engine integration.

skills & requirements
candidates are expected to have experience and capability in the following areas:

bs in computer science or equivalent work experience
at least one year of hands-on programming experience using c++ and/or c#
familiarity with web service languages and frameworks (javascript, nodejs, ruby, etc.)
at least one year of work experience or internship with large scale software development

things we would like to see (but are not required):

experience with game engine development
development experience with the unity engine
participation or interest in video game culture
hobby projects that demonstrate aptitude in the core skill requirements

we would prefer candidates who are located in or willing to relocate to the austin, texas area, but will consider an off-site arrangement for just the right person.
who are we?
we are product-driven, curious, and creative. we aggressively reinvest in development to keep unity moving and evolving - from expanding usability and power, to platform reach. with over a billion installs per month, unity touches gamers and non-gamers alike. as well as video games, our software is used in industries as diverse as medicine, visualisation and shopping - democratizing game development while solving hard problems and enabling success for a huge range of developers worldwide. 
today, unity has expanded to over 15 international offices and has employees in 23 countries. every person at unity technologies has an inherent passion and driven spirit and it isn’t enough to be able to do the job- we’re looking for people that color outside the lines, are looking to be freed from the process tangle, and can dream big!










job details




location
austin




department
engineering




job type
full-time




apply now!


































other positions in engineering
no other positions available


see all positions











search unity






careers
home
find position

unity3d.com
home
services
made with unity
learn
community
asset store









facebook
twitter
google+
linkedin
youtube






copyright © 2017 unity technologies

legal
privacy policy
cookies











unity id
a unity id allows you to buy and/or subscribe to unity products and services, shop in the asset store and participate in the unity community.
log in
create a unity id





we use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. click here for more information.




