atlassian full stack developer | smartrecruiters

full stack developeraustin, txfull-timejob description"customer success and agent empowerment through great software"the customer support technology (cst) organization is a passionate team of engineers working diligently to unleash the potential of other atlassians. cst works closely with atlassian's customer care teams to solve a variety of customer-centric problems and challenges. as a team, we build intelligent self-service support systems, analytics, and smart tools which leverage a diverse landscape of atlassian services.as a developer, you will work with the team across our entire technology stack including relational/nosql databases, services, user interfaces, and related build systems.more about youon your first day, we'll expect you to have:strong programming fundamentalsability to rapidly self-train on new technologiesknowledge of web-based applications and architecturepassion for solving complex problemsit's great, but not required, if you have:nodejs and/or java experiencespring bootexpress/atlassian connectreactsassaws ecosystemelasticsearchmore about our teamwe are a growing team of developers, product managers, system reliability engineers, and designers of all levels of experience. we are, above all else, driven innovators. as standard for atlassian, we offer 20% innovation time to tackle problems that matter the most to you. we count the reigning ping-pong champion among our numbers. we love coffee and beer. cst is directly involved in multiple initiatives to change the way atlassian does business. we have the exciting opportunity to be part of transforming the company and invite you to join us on our journey.atlassian. powered by you.we believe that the unique contributions of all atlassians is the driver of our success. to make sure that our products and culture continue to incorporate everyone's perspectives and experience we never discriminate on the basis of race, religion, national origin, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, age, or marital, veteran, or disability status.additional informationall your information will be kept confidential according to eeo guidelines.i'm interestedi'm interestedrefer a friendposted byjake fostershare this jobpowered by