









remote software engineer - external careers





 




















skip to content










about
benefits
departments
locations
view all jobs
sign in











 


remote software engineer


                    austin
                









apply now


facebook
linkedin
twitter
google plus
send to a friend








ref#: r0008518
additional posting location(s): atlanta, austin - downtown, boston, charlotte, chicago, cincinnati, cleveland, columbus, dallas, denver, detroit, fort lauderdale, grand rapids, houston, jacksonville, kansas city, los angeles, miami, minneapolis, montreal, nashville, new york city, norfolk, orlando, philadelphia, phoenix, pittsburgh, remote - canada, remote - us, richmond, sacramento, san diego, san francisco, san mateo, scottsdale, seattle, st louis, stamford, tampa, toronto, washington dc

our mission.
as the world’s number 1 job site, our mission is to help people get jobs. we need talented, passionate people working together to make this happen. we are looking to grow our teams with people who share our energy and enthusiasm for creating the best experience for job seekers.


the team.
we are a rapidly growing and highly capable engineering team building the most popular job site on the planet. every month, over 200 million people count on us to help them find jobs, publish their resumes, process their job applications, and connect them to qualified candidates for their job openings. with engineering hubs in seattle, san francisco, austin, tokyo and hyderabad, we are improving people's lives all around the world, one job at a time.


your job.
our assessments team has a simple mission: help candidates get the right job.  we let people build a profile to demonstrate their knowledge, skills, and abilities using job assessments… we’re trying to make the resume a thing of the past.  our team is highly distributed geographically so this position is open to remote candidates anywhere in the us, canada, or brazil as well as in our offices in austin and san francisco. our team is nimble and scrappy.  we ship new capabilities often and quickly by explicitly asking ourselves the 80/20 question a.k.a. the pareto principle.you will:build the core functionality of our assessments platform and own design and executiondevelop our api and integrations with external applicant tracking systems like greenhouse and jobvitescale to serve 100m+ job seekers


about you.
what we are looking for:deep web application development experience for complex appsour stack is js/css and we are currently heavy in react (must have)2+ years of recent industry experience our hiring processwe don’t care very much about your resume or your interviewing/whiteboarding skills. we want to see your code!  our first step is a short phone call with us so you can ask questions.  the second stage is a short take-home work sample where you get to work on a small but realistic real-world feature on a scaffolded web app.  the final stage is a paid multi-day project where you’ll work on our actual code base. this is the ultimate job preview for you and for us!indeed provides a variety of benefits that help us focus on our mission of helping people get jobs. view our bounty of perks: http://indeedhi.re/indeedbenefits  



apply now



< back to search results






indeed is proud to be an equal opportunity employer, seeking to create a welcoming and diverse environment.
all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status.







                                facebook
                            


                                twitter
                            


                                youtube
                            


                                instagram
                            




©2017 indeed. all rights reserved.  *comscore, total visits march 2017









