





associate software engineer  job in javascript, css, html  at schwab




































charles schwab corporation




who we are
what we do
leadership
careers
citizenship
perspectives





investor relations

governance
news room









diversity
financial consultants
grads and students
veterans
women
events







 careers home
> job details




associate software engineer - javascript, css, html - austin





apply now
       







job id: 20170918-4798
job category: information technology
relevant work experience: it-other specialty engineering-less than 2 yrs, it-distributed and web development-less than 2yrs
current licenses / certifications: none


position located in: tx - austin
education: hs/ged
job type: full time





description:
we believe that, when done right, investing liberates people to create their own destiny. we are driven by our purpose to champion every client’s goals with passion and integrity. we respect and appreciate the diversity of our employees, our clients, and the communities we serve. we challenge conventions strategically to create value for our clients, our firm and the world. we live and bring to life the concept of ‘own your tomorrow’ every day. we champion our employee strengths, guide their development, and invest in their long-term success. we hire optimistic, results-oriented, curious, innovative, and adaptable people with the desire to help our clients and one another succeed.
as a company, we were established by chuck over 40 years ago to champion main street over wall street, and to help americans transform themselves from earners to owners. through advocacy and innovation, we work to make investing more affordable, accessible and understandable for all. as we enter our fifth decade, we are looking for talented, innovative and driven people who believe they can help themselves, and our clients, create a better future.
our opportunity:
the cet strategic initiatives team at charles schwab is a leading edge organization using modern approaches for developing and delivering web applications. we are looking for a talented web developer to join the front-end move money team. 
what you’ll do:
you will work in a fast-paced, customer focused environment that continually embraces the latest technologies and techniques.  you will interact with technology and business partners to develop responsive, scalable, single page applications (spa) using angular. we take our responsibility to support, teach and develop our team very seriously, and we expect you to be driven to learn and grow and continuously contribute to evolving the schwab experience and technology. 
what you have:

ba/bs degree in computer science or related practical experience
programming experience with html, javascript/typescript, css, jquery
experience with a source control system
understanding of agile software development principles
knowledge of design patterns and solid principles
good verbal and written communication skills

 
preferred skills:
 

experience with c#/.net a plus
experience with web presentation models (such as mvc)
experience with angular, bootstrap, backbone
experience with pairing, tdd & bdd
knowledge of web content management systems
knowledge of web accessibility
experience in developing against nosql systems like mongodb
knowledge of financial services or banking

 
personal attributes:
 

a passion for continuous improvement in both technology and process
strong interpersonal, problem solving, and organizational skills
self-motivated, quick learner who can manage multiple projects with minimal direction
a passion for including automated unit tests in your development process

what you’ll get:

comprehensive compensation and benefits package
financial health: 401k match, employee stock purchase plan, employee discounts, personalized advice, brokerage discounts
work/life balance: sabbatical, paid parental leave, new mothers returning to work program, tuition reimbursement programs, time off to volunteer, employee matching gifts program
everyday wellness: health and lifestyle wellness rewards, onsite fitness classes, healthy food choices, wellness champions
inclusion: employee resource groups, commitment to diversity, strategic partnerships
not just a job, but a career, with an opportunity to do the best work of your life

learn more about life@schwab.

charles schwab & co., inc. is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer committed to diversifying its workforce. it is schwab's policy to provide equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding, or related medical conditions), gender identity or expression, national origin, ancestry, age, disability, legally protected medical condition, genetic information, marital status, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, military status, citizenship status or any other status that is protected by law. 

job specifications



relocation offered?:
no


work schedule:
days


languages:
english - spoken


current licenses / certifications:
none


relevant work experience:
it-other specialty engineering-less than 2 yrs, it-distributed and web development-less than 2yrs


position located in:
tx - austin


education:
hs/ged


job type:
full time




category:information technology
activation date: friday, october 13, 2017
expiration date: saturday, november 25, 2017
apply here

apply now
       



link for schema



















                    brokerage products: not
                    fdic insured • no bank guarantee • may lose value
                



            charles schwab & co., inc. is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer committed to diversifying its workforce.  it is schwab's policy to provide equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex  (including pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding, or related medical conditions), gender identity or expression,  national origin, ancestry, age, disability, legally protected medical condition, genetic information, marital status, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, military status, citizenship status or any other status that is protected by law.  schwab also does not discriminate against applicants or employees because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant.
        

            at schwab, we believe that every employee, through their diverse abilities and experiences, can contribute to our growth, innovation and client loyalty. we embrace diversity and are committed to providing equal opportunity to all employees and applicants. if you have a disability, and require reasonable accommodations in the application process, call human resources at 800-725-3535. we will be happy to assist you. schwab will only share your accommodation request with those individuals who have a specific need to know. the request for an accommodation will not affect schwab’s hiring decisions. all other submissions should be performed online.
        

            the charles schwab corporation provides a full range of securities, brokerage, banking, money
            management, and financial advisory services through its operating subsidiaries. its broker-dealer
            subsidiary, charles schwab & co., inc. (“schwab”), 
                member
                sipc
            , offers investment services and products, including schwab brokerage accounts. its banking
            subsidiary, charles schwab bank (member fdic and an equal housing lender), provides deposit and lending
            services and products.
        








 © charles schwab & co., inc. (member sipc) all rights reserved. (1115-7068)

contact

site map
schwab.com




facebook
twitter
youtube
linkedin
google plus



powered by smashfly





