


    application developer at clicktime






























                    www.clicktime.com
                

                    website
                    
















application developer

austin, texas, united states
full-time





about us
we're clicktime. we help businesses become more productive every day. our time and expense tracking tools are used by thousands of companies worldwide.
our office is in the heart of downtown san francisco, with an emerging office in austin, texas. as a bootstrapped, privately held, profitable entity, we provide big company benefits while maintaining the size and energy of a startup. working with us means you’ll be challenged, surrounded by high-quality teammates, and learn something new every day.
about the role
we're a small team with big ambition. whether we're improving our existing code base, architecting new frameworks for our application, or collaborating to build the future of clicktime, our team does a lot with a little and thrives on that challenge.
as an application developer at clicktime, you'll dive head-first into that challenge. working alongside our team of developers, you'll not only improve and build upon our existing codebase, but collaborate with product management, qa, markting, and beyond to create an application that our customers are excited to use. you're quick on your feet, you're excited to work across our stack, your communication skills are top-notch, you're execution-focused, and you take pride in leaving a lasting legacy wherever you go.
requirements

1+ years experience or 4-year degree in computer science or related field
execution-focused. you love working on defined projects and you get stuff done.
ability to work across our stack (javascript, c, c++, java, or c# and asp.net)
additional experience using angularjs, jquery, git, and sql databases (oracle, mysql, sql server)
experience writing unit and integration tests
great communication skills
passion for creating simple, intuitive web applications for customers worldwide
can-do attitude with a good sense of humor

we offer
competitive salary, profit-sharing (did we mention we’re profitable?), medical/dental/vision, health savings account, subsidized transit, 401(k) with matching, very good coffee, chocolate. we’re a tight-knit group of about 35 with an energetic company culture.
what's next
please submit your resume, cover letter, and any relevant links (e.g. github/bitbucket/personal website). please, no phone calls, drop-ins, or recruiters.
clicktime provides equal employment opportunities (eeo) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability or genetics.





apply for this opening





                                        apply with linkedin
                                    






                                    apply with indeed
                                


apply for this opening at 
                        http://clicktime.recruiterbox.com/jobs/fk0fv67?apply=true



 other openings at clicktime
                                
see all the jobs at clicktime here: 
                                    http://clicktime.recruiterbox.com/jobs
                                






                        fetching your linkedin profile ...
                    



application form




                        apply with linkedin
                    





                        apply with indeed
                    






                        first name
                         *
                    




                        last name
                        
                    




                        email
                         *
                    




                        phone
                         *
                    




                        resume
                         *
                    




                        cover letter
                        
                    

















thanks for your time





apply for this opening



                    apply with linkedin
                



                    apply with indeed
                

share this opening with friends








 other openings at clicktime
                    
see all the jobs at clicktime here: 
                        http://clicktime.recruiterbox.com/jobs
                    














powered by
recruiterbox















