



job application for software engineer - back end at localytics
























          apply now
        
software engineer - back end

        at localytics
      

        boston (hq) 
      


localytics provides a mobile engagement platform for many of the world’s top app publishers including espn, grindr, periscope, and hbo. our customers rely on us to keep their mobile users happy and engaged. we provide tools to drive great app experiences including push messaging, mobile analytics, predictive analytics, and individualized in-app experiences.
localytics is seeking a senior software engineer to help build out our mobile analytics and marketing platform. at localytics, you will have the opportunity to:

work with our distributed, microservice oriented, high throughput processing systems as well as our big data platform.
work with scala, on a team with deep expertise.
join one of our many teams who are on the leading edge of cloud technologies and a thought leader in continuous delivery
use cutting edge mpp and nosql databases to derive deep insights for our customers.
be responsible for taking systems from the whiteboard all the way to production.

our search is focused on candidates with the following background:

more than 2 years of experience in building and deploying high-quality production services.
more than a year experience working with a cloud provider such as aws or gcp.
scala knowledge is a plus, but not required.

we are an equal opportunity employer and value a diverse team. we do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.







apply for this job

* required
        







first name *



last name *



email *



phone



resume/cv


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 














cover letter


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 

















linkedin profile
    





website
    





how did you hear about this job?
    











 



share this job:    













powered by 

 
      read our privacy policy
















