 


















back-end or full-stack engineer | winterwyman































winterwyman home
facebook
linkedin
twitter
aboutwelcome to winterwyman
meet our team
winterwyman contract staffing
winterwyman executive search
winterwyman search
community development
in the news

contact
blog
 




search form

search 





 










our talent is finding talent.
 

 

- any - new england
new york


- any - new england
new york & new jersey


- any - 
					accounting & finance
				

					human resources
				

					information technology
				

					quality assurance
				

					software technology
				


- any - 
					accounting & finance
				

					technology
				


- any - 
					accounting, finance & admin
				

					human resources
				

					technology
				


- any - 
					accounting, finance & admin
				

					technology
				


you are herehome » job search » back-end or full-stack engineer




back-end or full-stack engineer  






build scalable consumer facing web apps, back-end or full-stack engineer
well funded consumer facing startup is looking for several strong senior and principal level software engineers. my boston based client is 3 years old, and they continue to grow at an unbelievable rate: 10x in 2015, 6x in 2016, and 3x in 2017 (year/year revenue growth). they are well ahead of their aggressive goals for this year, and the outlook is extremely bright. you will have the opportunity to join a 7 person engineering team, and make an enormous impact on the technology and overall direction of the consumer applications team. the work involves building new and innovative data driven web applications, greenfield development, prototyping, as well as scaling the overall system. you will work in ruby, postgres, aws, emr, react, etc. (prior experience with their tech stack is not required). my client's mission is to positively impact people's (their customers) lives through imagination and engineering, and you will have the opportunity to work on something socially meaningful.
roles: 
senior and principal software engineers
skills and experience:
bs or ms in computer science, or related discipline.
7-15+ years of professional software development experience.
experience building data-driven web applications using ruby, python, node.js, java, or related.
experience working on scalable cloud-based consumer systems is a plus.
demonstrated professional experience working on the server-side (or full-stack) on complex web based systems/applications.
experience working in a microservice based architecture.
familiarity with the amazon stack is a plus (aws, sqs, rds, elb, emr, etc.)
must be willing and comfortable learning and coming up to speed in ruby.
strong communication skills.
this is a full-time role. 
only local candidates will be considered.
if interested please send your resume to john vandersande of winterwyman's software group at jvandersande@winterwyman.com 
job id: 161819

   
 
job id: 161819employment type: permanentsalary: $160k location: bostondate posted:11/27/2017







 


 
 




© 2017 winterwyman       waltham     |     boston     |     nyc     |     privacy policy    |     careers 


 
 







   


