 


















full-stack engineer | winterwyman































winterwyman home
facebook
linkedin
twitter
aboutwelcome to winterwyman
meet our team
winterwyman contract staffing
winterwyman executive search
winterwyman search
community development
in the news

contact
blog
 




search form

search 





 










our talent is finding talent.
 

 

- any - new england
new york


- any - new england
new york & new jersey


- any - 
					accounting & finance
				

					human resources
				

					information technology
				

					quality assurance
				

					software technology
				


- any - 
					accounting & finance
				

					technology
				


- any - 
					accounting, finance & admin
				

					human resources
				

					technology
				


- any - 
					accounting, finance & admin
				

					technology
				


you are herehome » job search » full-stack engineer




full-stack engineer  






full-stack engineer: early-stage startup focused on the open source community
my client is a very early-stage, extremely well funded startup building a platform and marketplace to support the open source community. the founders have had multiple successful exits (google acquired their last startup), and they are building a collaborative remote-friendly team. while early-stage, this is a best-of-both-worlds opportunity. you'll be able to make an enormous impact and directly influence the technical direction and overall success of the company, one that is combined with the stability and family-friendly culture of a much later-stage company. your work will enable companies and institutions that utilize open source software to gain insight into the tools they're using (security, reliability, maintenance, etc.), as well as a platform/marketplace to filter money back to the developers and open source community. 
role:
senior or principal full-stack engineer
skills/experience:
bs in computer science, or related field.
5-10+ years of professional software development experience.
strong experience building complex data-driven web applications using python, ruby, node.js, or related.
experience building cloud-based applications.
any experience with search, data mining, data analytics, payment processing, etc. is a plus.
comfortable working across the stack (modern javascript, sql, etc.). we don't expect you to be strong in all tiers, but we are looking for engineers who are flexible and willing to learn.
prior startup experience is a strong plus. 
prior experience with or strong interest in working for a company that's building a distributed team.
excellent communication skills.
this is a full-time role.
if interested, please send your resume and contact information to john vandersande of winterwyman's software group at jvandersande@winterwyman.com 
job id: 158721

   
 
job id: 158721employment type: permanentsalary: $160klocation: bostondate posted:12/11/2017







 


 
 




© 2017 winterwyman       waltham     |     boston     |     nyc     |     privacy policy    |     careers 


 
 







   


