


software developer boston | veson nautical current openings




























veson nautical
company
solutions
success stories
news
careers
contact
client login






overviewcurrent openings
life at veson
internships
interviewing 

software developer – boston

as a veson nautical software developer you'll solve complex real world problems, and shape the future of the maritime shipping industry. innovation is at the heart of everything we do, and you’ll use your expertise to spec, design, code, test, document, and support the software that makes veson nautical stand out from the competition.
you will join an extraordinary team to develop desktop, mobile, and scalable web applications using .net, html5, and react. you’ll work in your own office, and always be encouraged to develop imaginative solutions and further your professional development.
qualifications

experience developing desktop and web software
experience with c++, c#, javascript, and front-end frameworks a plus
experience programming against relational databases (mssql preferred)
comfortable with the entire programming stack, from database on the back end to the gui on the front end
able to work independently and in small teams
excellent written and spoken english
track record of applying new technologies and learning new languages to solve problems
excels at working in a fast-paced entrepreneurial environment

about veson nautical
veson nautical delivers software solutions and services that enable the commercial maritime community to make more informed decisions, simplify everyday operations, and maximize profits. with offices in boston, london, and singapore, veson nautical is a dynamic organization with a committed team of executives, product managers, software developers, and client service experts. dedicated to ensuring the highest levels of client satisfaction, veson nautical brings decades of experience, technical knowledge, enthusiasm, and commitment to clients around the world. the combination of exceptional market growth and leading market position make this a superb opportunity for the right candidate.
veson nautical offers

competitive compensation
three weeks vacation to start plus 11 holidays
generous health, dental, life, and disability insurance
flexible spending plan + $500 employer contribution 
401k + 4% employer match
health club membership subsidy
transportation benefit worth $84.50/month
free tuesday and friday lunches
friendly, informal work environment
office in boston’s back bay

to apply
email a cover letter and resume to hr(at)veson.com.
veson nautical is an equal opportunity employer, which includes providing equal opportunity for protected veterans and individuals with disabilities. 








boston +1.617.723.2727
singapore +65.6225.4881
london +44.20.3397.0102
terms
privacy
cookies
licenses

contact veson nautical
 




company
leadershiphistoryveson nautical values 

solutions

imos
imoslivecharteringoperationsfinancialsbargingbunker managementcargo matchingdemurrage & claimslighteringlngpoolingreporting databasetrading 




veslink




success stories
news
announcementsin the newsveson viewpointevents 

careers
current openingslife at vesoninternshipsinterviewing
contact


subscribe to veson viewpoint




© 2017 veson nautical llc. all rights reserved.  sitemap




