


software developer intern boston (2018 academic year) | veson nautical current openings




























veson nautical
company
solutions
success stories
news
careers
contact
client login






overviewcurrent openings
life at veson
internships
interviewing 

software developer intern – boston (2018 academic year)

as a veson nautical software developer intern, you will help improve and develop current and new products. you will design, develop, code, test, document, and support the software that makes veson nautical stand out from the competition. you may be working on improving current products, maintaining internal systems, or helping design and implement future planned products.
technology
currently, veson nautical products are built primarily with c++, c# and html5. although it is not required to be an expert in these specific languages to start with, we expect you have in-depth knowledge of some programming language, excellent coding skills, and the ability to master any technology, language, or development environment when needed.
requirements

at least 2.5 months of availability
mastery of a computer programming language
ability to learn new languages quickly and effectively
desire to work in a fast-paced entrepreneurial setting
ability to readily adapt to changing systems, requirements, and business needs 
excellent grades
proactive, positive approach to work
legal right to work in the u.s.

about veson nautical
veson nautical delivers software solutions and services that enable the commercial maritime community to make more informed decisions, simplify everyday operations, and maximize profits. with offices in boston, singapore and london, veson nautical is a dynamic organization with a committed team of executives, product managers, software developers, and client service experts. dedicated to ensuring the highest levels of client satisfaction, veson nautical brings decades of experience, technical knowledge, enthusiasm, and commitment to clients around the world. the combination of exceptional market growth and leading market position make this a superb opportunity for the right candidate.
veson nautical offers

competitive compensation 
transportation benefit worth $75/mo.
free tuesday and friday lunches
friendly, informal work environment
office in boston’s back bay

to apply
email a cover letter and resume to hr(at)veson.com.
veson nautical is an equal opportunity employer, which includes providing equal opportunity for protected veterans and individuals with disabilities. 








boston +1.617.723.2727
singapore +65.6225.4881
london +44.20.3397.0102
terms
privacy
cookies
licenses

contact veson nautical
 




company
leadershiphistoryveson nautical values 

solutions

imos
imoslivecharteringoperationsfinancialsbargingbunker managementcargo matchingdemurrage & claimslighteringlngpoolingreporting databasetrading 




veslink




success stories
news
announcementsin the newsveson viewpointevents 

careers
current openingslife at vesoninternshipsinterviewing
contact


subscribe to veson viewpoint




© 2017 veson nautical llc. all rights reserved.  sitemap




