


        java engineer -        stone cobra -         job board
    

























 






view our website



view all jobs








                                                                         stone cobra                                                                        





thanks for visiting our job board. please review our open positions and apply to the positions that match your qualifications. 



java engineer


roseville, ca                    

full time                

engineering                    

mid level                


















if you love technology, and java is your best friend, then this is the job for you! trust us, you'll love it!
our engineering team designs, implements and delivers our software to innovative fortune 500 companies. as part of implementing end-to-end solutions you are expected to document, communicate, and work with other stellar engineers. you'll write, modify, and debug software. you'll install, configure and customize existing software. interested?
apply if:

you're a team player and eager to learn and collaborate.
you can use the internet and your teammates to quickly and effectively ramp up on topics that you don’t already know.
strong cs fundamentals and elegance in your work
have expert knowledge of java
expert in at least one language and have knowledge or desire to learn (one or more): javascript, html, xml, php, jsp, apex/visualforce, jquery, css, ant, svn, apache httpd, tomcat, xml/xslt, web services(axis2), basic unix/windows system adminstration
want to learn new technologes such as node.js and couchdb
up to 50% travel
1 - 4+ years programming experience
mulesoft experience is a plus! 


read more



apply for position








            apply for this position        
required*



apply with linkedin







apply with indeed









first name*



last name*



email address*



address
















phone*



resume*

attach resume
                    or
                    paste resume



                        attach resume as .pdf, .doc, or .docx (limit 2mb) or
                        paste resume


 




                            paste your resume here or
                            attach resume file









cover letter*



are you willing to relocate?*
no answeryesno 

what's your citizenship / employment eligibility?*
no answeri am a u.s. citizen/permanent residentnon-citizen allowed to work for any employernon-citizen allowed to work for current employernon-citizen seeking work authorizationi am a canadian citizen/permanent residentother 

linkedin profile url:



website, blog or portfolio:



desired salary*



earliest start date?



in 150 characters or fewer, tell us what makes you unique. try to be creative and say something that will catch our eye!*

150



submit application














×close
forward this position





recipient email address (one)



your name



your email address



enter a message (optional)
the message cannot contain links




human check*




















powered by















