



ad hoc - jobs: front end engineer (sacramento, ca) - apply online

























all jobs
→
front end engineer (sacramento, ca)

front end engineer (sacramento, ca)
sacramento, california, united states · engineering

descriptionat ad hoc we build government digital services that are fast, efficient, and usable by everyone.  ad hoc brings small teams of highly skilled professionals from the private sector to build government software right the first time.  solving government technology problems is about attacking big problems with design, engineering, and compassion. we’re committed to continually improving what we build and staying focused on user needs for the long haul. we are looking for driven, creative, and passionate front-end web developers who love crafting beautiful and usable user experiences and want their work to make a difference, who care about users and are empathetic to their needs, the simplicity and elegance of simple, functional, design, and the lives of present and future americans. you will work with a small team of designers and developers to craft beautiful, simple, and usable web-based applications and services. you'll work with our government partners to better understand and translate policy and business requirements into features, user stories, automated tests, and working code. your work will impact the lives of millions of americans.requirementsbasic qualifications 2+ years of full time experience working as a front end engineer must currently reside in sacramento, ca area (this is an on-site opportunity) translating mockups and comps into working client-side single-page responsive web applications in html, css/sass, and javascript. connecting front-end applications to back-end services with javascript and json. building applications using a client-side framework such as angularjs, ember.js, or react. optimizing client-side web applications for speed and performance. writing tests in a client-side test framework such as jasmine, mocha, or selenium webdriver. experience with common development tools, such as pivotal tracker and git. building and testing web applications for accessibility and 508 compliance. must be legally authorized to work in the u.s now and in the future without sponsorship desired skills experience with react. familiarity with ruby on rails (or other mvc web framework), rspec, capybara. ad hoc llc is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer. all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, national origin, ancestry, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, religion, age, pregnancy, disability, work-related injury, covered veteran status, political ideology, marital status, or any other factor that the law protects from employment discrimination.benefitscompany-subsidized health, dental, and vision insurance vanguard 401k plan 20 days of ptocontinuing education benefitsannual conference attendance benefit

apply for this job












ad hoc
does not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color, religion, age, national origin, marital status, disability, veteran status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity or any other reason prohibited by law in provision of employment opportunities and benefits.

ad hoc website

powered by
workable





