






monster solutions
						    computer programmer analyst - (182)
					




































 this site attempts to protect users against 
	cross-site request forgeries  attacks. in order to do so, you must have javascript enabled in your web browser otherwise this site will fail to work correctly for you.
	 see details of your web browser for how to enable javascript.


 



home |
        products |
        contact |
        hardware division |
        jobs |
        subscribe





attention safari users: this site requires cookies to function. please click here to accept the cookie. cookies will be used strictly for the functioning of the site.






 




jump to









toggle navigation









 job search


 view all jobs




 create account


 login


 help 

instructions on this page
help on this page
















 


job details



computer programmer analyst - (182)
×close this details all the information about the job posting.     












share this job as a link in your status update to linkedin.











														
																	job title
																
															

								computer programmer analyst
															



														
																	location
																
															

								sacramento - distribution - sacramento, ca 95829 us (primary)




														
																	job type
																
															

								full-time
															



														
																	category
																
															

								information technology
															



														
																	education
																
															

								professional
															



														
																	career level
																
															

								experienced (non-manager)
															



														
																	job description
																
															

american building supply (abs), one of the nation's largest wholesale suppliers of doors, door hardware, windows, and millwork, is currently seeking a computer programmer analyst to analyze and maintain existing programs and systems while developing and implementing new solutions for existing software and new systems.
our company understands that it is only through our valued employees that we can be successful. we are constantly on the lookout for enthusiastic people who want to be a part of a great team.
position responsibility:
website building and programming practices in html, javascript, css, php
maintaining and writing code for stand-alone programs (c#, vba, vb, php)
knowledge of database systems and writing queries (mysql, sql, access)
follow standard practices for maintaining computer-filing system
create standard autocad drawings to convert to tooling paths
learn to successfully use alpha cam / alpha edit
follow standard practices for program communications with cnc operators
program support for infinity, encore, ovation, bravo and other door products
knowledge of the door and window industry a plus
on site, as well as off site, training will be provided for much of the related job task





														
																	job requirements
																
															

positive outgoing attitude
strong verbal and written communication skills
self-motivated, goal oriented
commitment to educating themselves in unknown technologies
ability to promote and maintain a team atmosphere
 
other requirements:  must possess a california driver’s license, must be willing to work in exposure to noise, extreme change in temperature and may be required to work shifts 
abs takes pride in providing a supportive, employee-friendly environment. our total compensation package includes health insurance, paid vacation and a 401(k) retirement plan.  while this helps us attract good people, our culture helps us keep them. we truly care about our employees and want your experience with us to be positive and rewarding.




 







 
 apply to this job


 
or







 
 send to a friend


















 top of page


						v14.3.5.1 | copyright © 2017 monster - all rights reserved - u.s. patent no. 5,832,497 - nyse: mww 
													powered by monster.
											










©2017 abs-american building supply, inc.
            












technical information


fire door installation instructions


prop 65 (wood dust warning)


carb ii statement


required overhang exterior doors







abs websites


doormerica


abshardware.com


abs windows


jbl hawaii, ltd.







abs foundation


mission statement







corporate office


8360 elder creek rd.


sacramento, ca 95828


phone: (916) 503-4100


fax: (916) 503-4180


















