

uc davis career opportunities : posting details




















skip to main content













home


search jobs


create application


login







how to apply


accessibility for applicants


faq's


employee benefits


diversity


what's happening at ucdavis


e-verify notice


e-verify notice - español


right to work


right to work - español


smoke & tobacco free


child abuse & neglect reporting act


eeo is the law










posting details


return to search results



printer-friendly version











the university of california is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer advancing inclusive excellence. all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, age, protected veteran status, or other protected categories covered by the uc nondiscrimination policy.
edit application before applying
if you choose to edit your application before applying to this job, login and select "edit application" at left.  after editing your application, you can return to the position and apply with the updated application.
use existing application with no further edits
if you would like to use a copy of your existing application to apply to this position, click "apply for this posting" below. you may not alter your application for this position after you apply.











job requisition










requisition number:




	            		03020488
		            
	            		 
				
            






recruitment open to:




	            		ucd/ucdhs employees and general public
		            
	            		 
				
            






final filing date




	            		12-15-2017
		            
	            		 
				
            






closing date:





	            		 
				
            






position:




	            		research engineer
		            
	            		 
				
            






payroll title




	            		rsch and dev engr 3
		            
	            		 
				
            






number of positions:




	            		1
		            
	            		 
				
            






salary:




	            		$5,466.67-$11,183.33/mo
		            
	            		 
				
            






appointment type:




	            		career
		            
	            		 
				
            






appointment description:




	            		100%.  monday-friday, 8:00 a.m.-5:00 p.m.
		            
	            		 
				
            






overtime eligible:(flsa)




	            		exempt
		            
	            		 
				
            






union/heera representation:




	            		this position is not represented by a collective bargaining unit
		            
	            		 
				
            






department:




	            		civil & environmental engr - 024020
		            
	            		 
				
            






department description:





	            		 
				
            






location:




	            		davis
		            
	            		 
				
            






allow applicants to attach:




	            		resumecover letterreferences
		            
	            		 
				
            






position details





	            		 
				
            






job summary:




	            		reporting to the director of research and operations of the uc davis center for water-energy efficiency, coordinate with center staff to execute technical and written aspects of project deliverables and research projects consistent with the center's mission. this will include applying engineering theory, and performing engineering calculations, hydraulic modeling, optimization, and data analysis. analyze and calculate estimated energy, water, cost, and greenhouse gas savings of various projects, specific technologies or methodologies, or policies utilizing programing analysis and big data sets. perform project management and delegation of tasks for center staff and students. also take part in writing journal articles.
		            
	            		 
				
            






physical demands:




	            		- lift and maneuver up to 50 pounds of office supplies and marketing material (hand cart available).
		            
	            		 
				
            






work environment:




	            		-infrequent travel, and evening work.  -valid driver's license. uc davis is a smoke and tobacco free campus effective january 1, 2014. smoking, the use of smokeless tobacco products, and the use of unregulated nicotine products (e-cigarettes) will be strictly prohibited on any uc davis owned or leased property, indoors and outdoors, including parking lots and residential space.
		            
	            		 
				
            






background check required:   this position is a critical position and subject to a background check. employment is contingent upon successful completion of background investigation including criminal history and identity checks.




	            		yes
		            
	            		 
				
            






qualifications





	            		 
				
            






minimum qualifications:




	            		- strong writing skills for developing project reports and deliverables, project coordination, and for copy editing deliverables.-strong interpersonal communication via telephone and email with internal and external project teams.- skills to work collaboratively and independently in a complex, fast paced research and development environment. - experience in or technical knowledge of energy, water, and/or wastewater engineering systems in the urban, industrial, and/or agriculture sectors.- proven technical and problem solving skills.- skills to work independently and make decisions with minimal supervision.  - skills to analyze and interpret technical reports, project results, and the performance of specific projects or technologies.- minimum 4 years professional work experience in engineering or related field.- work experience performing engineering design and/or technical calculations.- skills to communicate effectively with project partners, and cwee directors and staff.- experience with project management and delegating work to others.- experience developing project proposals and budgets, and in contract negotiation.- experience with project management and project coordination among project teams and external partners.- general office-related computer skills including software for word processing, spreadsheet, presentations, electronic mail, and internet.
		            
	            		 
				
            






preferred qualifications:




	            		- bachelor's degree in engineering and a master's degree in a related field (if currently in process, master's degree must be awarded within one-year of hire). - experience writing an academic thesis.- leadership experience.- experience working with or designing pump systems, energy systems, and/or water/wastewater systems or utility networks.- experience working with hydraulic models of water systems- basic programing ability (utilizing r, python, java, or c#)- experience utilizing statistical analysis and optimization in analyzing data.- proficient in arcview gis. - engineering-in-training license by the board of professional engineers, geologists, and land surveyors.- skills to learn new technologies and develop new skills to meet research challenges and promote professional growth.     - grant writing experience- publication writing experience- advanced programming skills (preferably in r)- experience with creating data visualizations- broad understanding of energy- and water-efficiency related technologies, methods, and policies.- experience in managing engineering and/or grant projects. - ability to help write and develop project proposals and budgets.- strong attention to detail and the skills to understand and write complex scientific material for audiences with varying levels of understanding.
		            
	            		 
				
            






quick link to this position:




	            		www.employment.ucdavis.edu/applicants/central?quickfind=78326
		            
	            		 
				
            






search category:





	            		 
				
            






return to search results









the university of california is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer advancing inclusive excellence. all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, age, protected veteran status, or other protected categories covered by the uc nondiscrimination policy.
edit application before applying
if you choose to edit your application before applying to this job, login and select "edit application" at left.  after editing your application, you can return to the position and apply with the updated application.
use existing application with no further edits
if you would like to use a copy of your existing application to apply to this position, click "apply for this posting" below. you may not alter your application for this position after you apply.










questions/comments | uc davis is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer
privacy and accessibility | annual campus security report
for additional support, please visit http://peopleadminsupport.com/5-8/







