


        mobile application developer -        intelisys -         job board
    

























 






view our website



view all jobs















thanks for visiting our job board. please review our open positions and apply to the positions that match your qualifications. 



mobile application developer


sacramento, ca                    

full time                

it                    

experienced                


















an entrepreneur magazine winner of the “best entrepreneurial companies in america award”, located in the north bay, is looking for a cross-platform mobile developer that can hit the ground running in a fun, competitive, fast-paced environment with a lot of room to grow and expand.  
 
we are looking for a talented developer to design, launch, and maintain an industry leading app that will bring a suite of web-based tools into the 21st century.  the ideal candidate should possess the ability to translate existing tools and ideas into a new environment, have an eye for clean design, and work well in a friendly team environment.
 
we’re also looking for someone excited about the impact they can have on the world.  if you appreciate recognition for your contribution, this is the place for you. here, you will invent. you'll design and test. you'll take risks. you'll create new technology, but the impact you'll make on our customers and users will be far more significant.
 
primary responsibilities
you will engage in all phases of mobile software development, providing innovative solutions for both internal and member-facing projects. you will partner with experienced team members and work closely with users to analyze requirements, design and code applications, and customize our mobile presence.
minimum requirements

bachelor's degree in computer science or stem (science, technology, engineering, math) majors, or 4+ years of equivalent work experience in it
2+ years building mobile applications development (android and/or ios)
familiarity with rest web services
familiarity with mobile ui design principles and accessibility best practices
understanding of mobile development tools and the development life cycle
familiarity with agile development methods (preferably scrum and kanban)
enthusiasm to work in a highly collaborative, team based environment
excellent verbal and written communication skills
basic understanding of php, sql and relational database fundamentals.

preferred

proficient in ios app (objective c / swift) and android (native java) or windows (c#) application development
experience with hybrid mobile development frameworks (e.g. cordova/phonegap, xamarin)
experience with web technologies (html5/css/js)
current applications published in app store/play store
development of personal, collegiate or business-focused applications
experience with build and test automation

 
about the company
we’re a 23 years young technology company located in the north bay.  we’ve won dozens of awards for leadership in the industry, and have been growing at 25% per year for the last 5 years. at this company, you will experience a dynamic work environment, a talented team of a-players and an innovative evolving culture. if you are the ‘jump in and get stuff done’ type of person, you will be a great fit.
 if you are motivated and want to be a part of a company working on the cutting edge…a company working ahead of 95% of the market, we want to work with you.
find out why entrepreneur magazine ranked us as one of the best entrepreneurial companies in america.  thank you and we look forward to hearing from you soon.
 
relocation assistance is not available for this position.
 
please include the exact words “killer app” in your response in order to be considered.  
 

read more



apply for position








            apply for this position        
required*



apply with linkedin







apply with indeed









first name*



last name*



email address*



address*
















phone*



resume*

attach resume
                    or
                    paste resume



                        attach resume as .pdf, .doc, or .docx (limit 2mb) or
                        paste resume


 




                            paste your resume here or
                            attach resume file









who referred you to this position?



what's your citizenship / employment eligibility?*
no answeri am a u.s. citizen/permanent residentnon-citizen allowed to work for any employernon-citizen allowed to work for current employernon-citizen seeking work authorizationi am a canadian citizen/permanent residentother 

are you 18 years of age or older?*
no answeryesno 

earliest start date?



have you ever been convicted of a felony?*
no answernoyes 

if “yes”, you have been convicted of a felony, please explain the circumstances around the conviction:



in 150 characters or fewer, tell us what makes you unique. try to be creative and say something that will catch our eye!*

150


references: please enter names and contact information:



are you currently employed? if yes why are you looking at leaving your current position?*
 

what are your minimum compensation requirements?*
 

what are your greatest strengths that you feel would be an asset to the company? (explain)*
 

do you have any telecommunications experience?*
-- no answer --yesno 

what is your competency level with microsoft office?
-- no answer --beginnerintermediateadvanced 

the following questions are entirely optional.

                        to comply with government equal employment opportunity / affirmative action reporting regulations, we are requesting (but not requiring) that you enter this personal data. this information will not be used in connection with any employment decisions, and will be used solely as permitted by state and federal law. your voluntary cooperation would be appreciated. learn more.
                    



gender

decline to answerfemalemale

 


race/ethnicity

decline to answerwhite (not hispanic)african american/black (not hispanic)hispanic/latinoasianpacific islanderamerican indiannative alaskannative hawaiianmulti-racial

 



invitation for job applicants to self-identify as a u.s. veteran


a “disabled veteran” is one of the following:
                                        
a veteran of the u.s. military, ground, naval or air service who is entitled to compensation (or who but for the receipt of military retired pay would be entitled to compensation) under laws administered by the secretary of veterans affairs; or
a person who was discharged or released from active duty because of a service-connected disability.


a “recently separated veteran” means any veteran during the three-year period beginning on the date of such veteran's discharge or release from active duty in the u.s. military, ground, naval, or air service.
an “active duty wartime or campaign badge veteran” means a veteran who served on active duty in the u.s. military, ground, naval or air service during a war, or in a campaign or expedition for which a campaign badge has been authorized under the laws administered by the department of defense.
an “armed forces service medal veteran” means a veteran who, while serving on active duty in the u.s. military, ground, naval or air service, participated in a united states military operation for which an armed forces service medal was awarded pursuant to executive order 12985.




veteran status

 i identify as one or more of the classifications of protected veteran listed above i am not a protected veteran i don’t wish to answer
		



voluntary self-identification of disability

                                voluntary self-identification of disability form cc-305
                                omb control number 1250-0005
                                expires 1/31/2020
                            

why are you being asked to complete this form?

because we do business with the government, we must reach out to, hire, and provide equal opportunity to qualified people with disabilities.i to help us measure how well we are doing, we are asking you to tell us if
                                    you have a disability or if you ever had a disability. completing this form is voluntary, but we hope that you will choose to fill it out. if you are applying for a job, any answer you give will be kept private and will not be used against you in any way.
if you already work for us, your answer will not be used against you in any way. because a person may become disabled at any time, we are required to ask all of our employees to update their information every five years. you may voluntarily self-identify as having a disability on this form without fear of any punishment because you did not identify as having a disability earlier.


how do i know if i have a disability?


you are considered to have a disability if you have a physical or mental impairment or medical condition that substantially limits a major life activity, or if you have a history or record of such an impairment or medical condition.
disabilities include, but are not limited to:

blindness
deafness
cancer
diabetes
epilepsy
autism
cerebral palsy
hiv/aids
schizophrenia
muscular dystrophy
bipolar disorder
major depression
multiple sclerosis (ms)
missing limbs or partially missing limbs
post-traumatic stress disorder (ptsd)
obsessive compulsive disorder
impairments requiring the use of a wheelchair
intellectual disability (previously called mental retardation)



please check one of the boxes below:




                                                yes, i have a disability (or previously had a disability)                                            


                                                no, i don’t have a disability                                            


                                                i don’t wish to answer                                            




you must enter your name and date







your name
today's date





reasonable accommodation notice


federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified individuals with disabilities. please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job or to perform your job. examples of reasonable accommodation include making a change to the application process or work procedures,
                                    providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment.

isection 503 of the rehabilitation act of 1973, as amended. for more information about this form or the equal employment obligations of federal contractors, visit the u.s. department of labor's office of federal contract compliance programs (ofccp) website at www.dol.gov/ofccp. 

public burden statement: according to the paperwork reduction act of 1995 no persons are required to respond to a collection of information unless such collection displays a valid omb control number. this survey should take about 5 minutes to complete.





human check*











submit application














×close
forward this position





recipient email address (one)



your name



your email address



enter a message (optional)
the message cannot contain links




human check*




















powered by















