



job application for software engineer at memberclicks























          apply now
        
software engineer

        at memberclicks
      
(view all jobs)

        atlanta
      


memberclicks is looking for a software engineer to join our atlanta headquarters.
software engineers design, build, and deploy all memberclicks products. this role is an excellent opportunity to join a high-performance development team with an attractive, values-driven culture.
responsibilities include:

live out the memberclicks mission and core values in your day-to-day work.
implement and test applications using technologies such as scala, java/j2ee, php, javascript, html, and css.
maintain software solutions after release, including bug fixes and performance tuning.
lead and actively participate in code reviews.
participate in requirements discussions and contribute to design decisions.
collaborate with external stakeholders outside of your team, especially customers.
keep technical skills up-to-date and actively work to improve the skills of your teammates.
participate in the ongoing improvement of your team’s agile process and workflow.

 
how do you know if you're a fit for this job?
have the following experience:

must have two or more years of development experience with java- or scala-based solutions deployed on a jvm.
must have working knowledge of the full software development lifecycle in an agile framework such as scrum, kanban, or xp.
coding experience required in one or more: java/j2ee, scala using spring and/or hibernate.
db experience required in one or more:  mongodb, mysql, oracle, basic data modeling.
must be enthusiastic about learning new best practices and methodologies.
must be passionate, self-directed, and a champion for technology within the company.
willing to work extended hours to meet deadlines when required, but this is not the norm.
exceptional organization and time management skills.
excellent written and verbal communication skills.

education:

bachelor's degree in computer science, computer information systems, or equivalent strongly preferred.

finally, consider the following:

if your idea of a fun job is starched shirts and cubicles, this may not be the job for you.
do you value working in a fun, innovative and casual professional environment?
do you want to work with exceptionally smart and talented individuals and have the opportunity to play a critical role in building a successful business?

we offer a competitive salary and bonus structure along with health and dental insurance, flexible spending accounts, 401k, paid holidays and vacation, free crossfit gym or yoga membership, and a flat out great environment to work.







apply for this job

* required
        











(optional)

almost there! review your information then click 'submit application' to apply.



first name *



last name *



email *



phone *




              location (city)
                *




resume/cv *


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 














cover letter


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 

















linkedin profile
    





how did you hear about this job?
    











 



share this job:    













powered by 

 
      read our privacy policy
















