



cloud software front end engineer – iot platform















































honeywell careers





chinese (simplified)
czech (czech republic)
dutch (the netherlands)
english (us)
french (canada)
french (france)
german (germany)
portuguese (brazil)
spanish (spain)
create a profile|log in







 











yes
no


















show details













apply now

terms of use





                    refer job:
                        









 add to saved jobs






back




cloud software front end engineer – iot platform
join the industry leader to design the next generation of breakthroughs
honeywell is transforming from a traditional industrial company to a contemporary digital industrial business, harnessing the power of cloud, big data/analytics, internet of things, and design thinking. we are bringing value to our customers, partners, and shareholders through the creation of innovative software and data-driven products and services. honeywell it is at the forefront of this change and we are looking for a team member who thrives on challenging the status quo, embraces new technology and intelligent risk taking, has passion for innovation, is results-oriented and excels in a fast-paced environment. the iot platform team is building next generation of cloud platform that will be used as a base for all of honeywell’s future connected building, connected plant, connected home, connected worker, connected car and connected aircraft offerings. as an iot platform software engineer, you will play an important role in transforming our company into an industrial software company.design, implement and verify user interfaces for massively scalable, fault-tolerant iot platform capabilities and applicationscontribute to the architecture design of honeywell’s enterprise iot core services platformbe the go-to person for other teams developing products against the iot platform



15
review and assess product development requirements 


50
new development on cutting-edge applications in angular


15
develop feature specifications


10
troubleshoot & resolve user design/iot platform issues


10
constantly learn to remain current on latest ui trends



 you must have• bachelor’s degree in computer science or related discipline• 2-4 years’ experience in javascript, json, css and html5 technologies  we value• working knowledge of web ui libraries and frameworks (single page applications, angularjs, data visualization – d3, mean stack)• passion to develop high-quality and high-efficiency user interfaces• experience with multiplatform development, including responsive design• understanding of server based technologies (c#, .net framework, java)• familiarity with relational and nosql databases• excellent teaming skills, actively collaborate with engineers and peer teams• working experience with agile environment• possess solid understanding of software development fundamentals• ability to multi-task and stay organized in a dynamic work environment• passionate about learning new technologies and creating innovative solutions• self-directed and able to troubleshoot and solve problems independently as well as a team 

due to us export control laws, must be a us citizen, permanent resident or have protected status.

exempt

how honeywell is connecting the world
includes

continued professional development
1st shift
some travel required

additional information
job id: hrd11497 category: engineering location: 715 peachtree street, n.e., atlanta, ga 30308 usa 
honeywell is an equal opportunity employer. qualified applicants will be considered without regard to age, race, creed, color, national origin, ancestry, marital status, affectional or sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability, nationality, sex, or veteran status.







send to a friend










  
                                    please wait...






email this job ad to your friend(s) by adding their email address(es) along with your details to the field below:   *separate each recipient email address with a comma.

recipient email address(es):
                                            
                         
                

your first name:
 
                                                                                    
                

your last name:
                                              
                          
                
select which language the email should be sent in.

language:

chinese (simplified)
czech (czech republic)
dutch (the netherlands)
english (us)
french (canada)
french (france)
german (germany)
portuguese (brazil)
spanish (spain)





send


















 










						this job opening is already listed as one of your interests. you cannot add the same job opening to your list of interests more than one time.

to see your list of interests, navigate to the application status tab within my profile
					

























account warning













log in
cancel
ok


















honeywell is an equal opportunity employer. qualified applicants will be considered without regard to age, race, creed, color, national origin, ancestry, marital status, affectional or sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability, nationality, sex, religion, or veteran status.
for more information on applicable equal employment regulations, refer to the  eeo is the law poster . 
please refer to the eeo is the law supplement poster & the pay transparency policy.
if a disability prevents you from applying for a job through our website, request assistance here. no other requests will be acknowledged.
terms & conditions | privacy statement
© 2017 honeywell international inc.









