



















software engineer | nuemd

























demo now

jump to navigation





nuemd




call us: 800-401-7422support
login

search form









watch free demo
watch a free demo now!





 

featurespractice management
electronic health records
medical billing services
mobile

why nuemd?our story
medical practices
billing companies
student health
case studies
testimonials

resourcesindustry news
blog
icd-10the icd-10 transition: getting your bearings

hipaa audits
revenue cycle managementbenchmarking: how to make the best decisions for your practice
revenue cycle management 101

white papers
webinars
macra
careers

support
login




 


about us



you are herehome / software engineer


software engineer




  
our diverse team of software engineers plays an integral part in the development lifecycle, providing input to the design, development and deployment of nuesoft products. become part of a team committed to providing our clients with the highest quality software that supports business-centric activities. develope highly secure distributed cloud-based software and mobile products. no prior healthcare it/software experience is required.
 
duties:
develop in java, creating and maintaining database driven software
create software design documents for implementation by self or others
estimate work efforts and perform to those estimations
implement software designs and perform unit testing
provide technical assistance to other developers, as needed
work cooperatively in a team environment, openly sharing ideas and accepting improvement feedback
communicate effectively and appropriately with internal team members and external clients
qualifications:
bachelor’s degree in computer science, software engineering or computer engineering preferred
a passion for writing java based software, with an aptitude for lifelong learning
ability to work independently
must be able to learn quickly and adapt to changing work demands
effective organization and time management skills
ability to handle a dynamic work environment and manage multiple tasks simultaneously
desire to grow skills and take on more complex/critical tasks 
 

first name *



last name *



phone 



email *



salary requirements 



resume 




paste resume 



do you use nuemd? 
yesno


why are you excited to work here? *



what's your citizenship / employment eligibility? *
citizengreen cardother













  
  




new webinar available
 the recording from our free webinar macra and your practice is now available. listen as ginny mahaney from smartlink mobile and jason karn at total hipaa introduce macra and briefly discuss how new reporting requirements impact hipaa compliance. 

watch the recording 

 


let's be friends!







contact us
careers
partnerships & affiliations
press & media
privacy policy






©2015 nuesoft® technologies, inc.1685 terrell mill rd. se marietta, ga  30067us

call us today: 800-401-7422 (678) 303-1142 us 















