
junior programmer/software engineer job - longstreet solutions - atlanta, ga | indeed.com






















skip to job description, searchclose










find jobscompany reviewsfind salariesfind resumesemployers / post job







upload your resume


sign in







:







what
where





advanced job search


 

 



 



job title, keywords or company


city, state, or zip












junior programmer/software engineer

longstreet solutions
     -
atlanta, ga 30307


who we are: longstreet solutions, soon-to-be founder of ahoy, is a fast-paced and continually evolving digital marketing startup in inman park. we specialize in email marketing, web and app development, and creative work. we are currently developing a proprietary email marketing product called ahoy, and we serve select clients as a digital agency. we approach every project with a collaborative attitude, allowing team members the opportunity to contribute beyond the scope of their individual tasks or departments. our small, tight-knit team is filled with imaginative, entrepreneurial people who constantly strive to improve their own work and better the company as a whole.we believe that every team member has value to add beyond just their job descriptions, and therefore, we strive to build a community where opinions are welcomed and employees are expected to work hard and get rewarded. just a few of the benefits of working at longstreet are unlimited vacation days, half-day summer fridays, monthly team outings, and awesome co-workers.who you are: longstreet is seeking a detail-oriented and creative dev nerd with 2+ years of programming and/or product development experience to join our team. you will be responsible for working with the rest of the development team to build and maintain our proprietary web-based products. the junior programmer will also play a role in the architecture, timeline, implementation, deployment, qa, and support for longstreet’s flagship product, ahoy.we’re seeking a candidate who is able to work effectively in a fast-paced, rapidly-evolving startup environment where executing on multiple projects simultaneously and autonomously is status quo. the right candidate is a hard-working and motivated programmer who is also eager to learn. especially important is an eagerness to work across the organization and contribute to the company’s overall vision, culture, and growth.experience in multiple object oriented programming languages, such as java, python, and ruby, is critical.primary technologies we use:  python, java, mysql, redshift, aws cloud technologiesqualifications/requirements2+ years of object oriented programming and design (c++, java, python, etc.)1+ years python experience1+ years of sql experience1+ years of javascript, html, and css experienceexperience with micro frameworks (ie django or flask)experience integrating apis and cloud deploymentfamiliarity with ormexcellent communication and time management skillscreative, curious, and eager to join a small, “all hands on deck” teammust love food, goofing off, and team outingsplease submit a cover letter along with your resumenot required, but a strong plusproficient in git or mercurialexperience working on web, mobile and desktop clientsexperience working with cloud systemsexperience with php & linux osexperience with wordpress and e-commerce platforms such as shopify and/or bigcommerce*please submit a resume & cover letter with your application or to ealbert @ longstreetsolutions.com*job type: full-timejob location:atlanta, garequired education:bachelor'srequired experience:development: 1 year

30+ days ago   -  save job









» apply now

            please review all application instructions before applying to longstreet solutions.






other jobs you may like


java developer (junior)

agile -
					atlanta, ga
8 days ago


jr. software engineer

medfax -
					johns creek, ga
30+ days ago


junior software engineer

aarons -
					kennesaw, ga
aaron's, inc. - 
					30+ days ago


jr. software developer/analyst (recent gradua...

technosmarts -
					alpharetta, ga
16 days ago

 easily apply



intern, junior software engineer

sap -
					alpharetta, ga
30+ days ago





 









                        longstreet solutions


                longstreet solutions is a growing digital marketing agency in inman park. we specialize in development, digital marketing, and creative...



let employers find youthousands of employers search for candidates on indeedupload your resume










about - help center


©2017 indeed - cookies, privacy and terms



let employers find you  upload your resume











