
c# software engineer job - identity one - atlanta, ga | indeed.com






















skip to job description, searchclose









find jobscompany reviewsfind salariesfind resumesemployers / post job







upload your resume


sign in







:







what
where





advanced job search


 

 



 



job title, keywords or company


city, state, or zip












c# software engineer

identity one
     -
atlanta, ga


                indeed salary estimate: $82,000 - $104,000 a year - 
full-time, other




identity one is seeking a c# software engineer to join our existing teams to develop and extend leading-edge biometric security and identification products. the position offered is full-time, in our buckhead atlanta office.the successful applicant will work in a tightly integrated development team reporting to the engineering manager on products that are distributed around the world. the environment is creative and flexible so a positive "take responsibility" approach is a must.to be considered for this role, candidates should have at least 3 years relevant experience in c# software engineering/analysis/development as well as an understanding of all the following:object-oriented design & developmentmicrosoft .net framework (4.0 / 4.5 / 4.7)windows formswpf.net remoting / wcf servicesmulti-threaded developmentsqltcp\ip socket programmingin addition, experience with any of the following skills will add value to your application:pc/scjavascript / css / html5 / asp .netc/c++user interface designapplicants should expect to participate in a coding challenge to demonstrate fundamental skills in the listed areas.this role will allow for career growth and personal creativity in a leading-edge company working in one of the hottest fields; biometric security and identification. an ability to deliver the highest quality work to agreed deadlines is a major characteristic of this position.education minimum:computer science bachelors degree (or international equivalent)while rare, some extra hours to meet tight deadlines may be required from time to time.candidates will be interacting in a team environment so effective written and verbal communication skills are required. in addition to software engineering you will participate in providing tier 3 support to tier 1 and tier 2 support engineers.identity one is an atlanta based technology company located in the middle of buckhead and in walking distance of marta train stations and bus stops. identity one provides a competitive benefits package and above average personal time off.hours are flexible and after proving skills and independent work ethic we allow limited telecommuting. our office is a casual environment with a sole focus on outcomes. salary will be commensurate with experience. this position is available for immediate start.job type: full-timejob location:atlanta, garequired education:bachelor'srequired experience:c#: 3 yearsrequired language:english

12 days ago   -  save job









» apply now

            please review all application instructions before applying to identity one.






other jobs you may like


.net c# developer

zyston llc -
					atlanta, ga
23 days ago

 easily apply



c#.net developer

hunter technical resources -
					norcross, ga
hunter technical resources - 
					12 days ago


software engineer

ags, llc -
					atlanta, ga
16 days ago


c# sr software engineer

jrn associates engineering co -
					atlanta, ga
13 days ago

 easily apply



senior software engineer

vrgluv -
					atlanta, ga
22 days ago

 easily apply






 




                        identity one


                identity one specializes in biometric middleware and off-the shelf biometric software products. identity one has over 12 years finger...



let employers find youthousands of employers search for candidates on indeedupload your resume










about - help center


©2017 indeed - cookies, privacy and terms



let employers find you  upload your resume









indeed salary estimatewe know salary is a key component of your decision whether or not to apply for a job. so when the hiring company hasn’t provided a salary for a job, we look at salary data from related companies and locations to come up with a reasonable estimate for what you can expect.with over 450,000,000 salaries collected from other jobs and employees, we use one of the biggest salary databases in the world to inform these estimates. and because we are continually adding feedback from users like you, we are able to keep refining our accuracy.these salary estimates are not endorsed by the hiring companies and may vary from what’s actually offered, but we have a pretty great record of getting close enough for you to make an informed decision.is this your job listing? send us feedback to correct an inaccurate salary estimate.

