


        java software engineer -        nettracer -         job board
    

























 






view our website



view all jobs








                                                                         nettracer                                                                        





thanks for visiting our job board. please review our open positions and apply to the positions that match your qualifications. 



java software engineer


vinings, ga                    

full time                

experienced                


















corporate overview
nettracer (www.nettracer.aero) is a leading provider of saas and cloud-based solutions primarily for the airline industry. we are experiencing significant growth and preparing for international product expansion.
nettracer’s faith-based values are rooted in the values espoused by the owens group international family of companies. we promote a culture of servant leadership within our organization and within the airline industry in which we primarily serve. we are known for strong character, humble confidence, commitment to integrity, consistent innovation, industry thought leadership, respectful collaboration, and for going the extra mile to serve the customers who give us the opportunity to exist as an organization.
summary of job description
position reports directly to the team leads and will be positioned to provide substantial contributions to the airline industry. requires a self-motivated software engineer with demonstrable aptitude for learning and applying new technologies; taking the initiative on a fast-paced, self-organizing scrum team.  candidate must demonstrate a strong understanding and grasp of academic computer science principles.
specifically, this role works with 15-20 other software engineers, together responsible for building high-volume transaction web applications for a multi-tenant saas platform. you will participate in the implementation, testing and deployment of the software encompassing all aspects of our products including ui, middleware messaging/esb (jboss), and mysql database. the appropriate candidate will have completed academic projects in one or more technologies.
required experience                                                                                  

bachelor's degree in computer science (or related)
exposure to developing object oriented applications

required skills

oo design and programming knowledge and ability to apply it
strong written and verbal communication skills
analytical mind capable of troubleshooting software issues

preferred experience & skills

programming skills in java, including developing data structures, multi-threaded processes, and unique algorithms.
knowledge of jboss 7.1+ and j2ee technologies
exposure to application development using html, css, and javascript
working knowledge of relational databases (mysql, ms sql) and hibernate
linux exposure a plus.
exposure to mobile app development technologies such as android, ios, html 5
exposure to angujarjs
exposure to version control tools like git

primary responsibilities

successfully complete key deliverables in our software development process, including development, and testing.
provide regular project updates to stakeholders and escalate issues to ensure project risks are managed appropriately.
work with the team lead to ensure that product is implemented to meet the requirements

non-technical essential attributes

strong character: the combination of integrity and earned trust shown through moral and ethical competence; doing the right thing every time, even when no one is looking.
humble confidence: the quiet confidence to effectively meet and exceed the job requirements, while expressing a humble attitude toward internal and external contacts; maturely express feelings and opinions; manage disagreements constructively; socially adept and mature.
innovator: always seeking and asking customers and colleagues what else nettracer can and should offer as a product or service to complement existing solutions; inquisitive.
strong communicator: listen well; able to clearly present information through spoken and written word; ability to influence and persuade others through oral presentation in various internal and external situations; ability to collaborate effectively.
planner and goal setter: able to define realistic, specific goals and objectives for self; able to prioritize objectives; exhibit high sense of motivation and sense of urgency to meet and exceed goals set; willing to do whatever it takes to succeed for our valued nettracer customers.

what we offer

competitive compensation plan
innovative, high growth and collaborative culture.
fun, flexible and casual work environment with amazing people
unlimited drinks and snacks every day with great lunches included on thursdays and fridays
generous vacation and paid holidays
great benefits including: medical, dental, vision, health savings account, 401k, life and disability coverage
gym membership
awesome team events (scavenger hunts, golf tournaments, picnic, holiday party, etc)


read more



apply for position








            apply for this position        
required*



apply with linkedin







apply with indeed









first name*



last name*



email address*



address
















phone*



resume*

attach resume
                    or
                    paste resume



                        attach resume as .pdf, .doc, or .docx (limit 2mb) or
                        paste resume


 




                            paste your resume here or
                            attach resume file









cover letter*



in 150 characters or fewer, tell us what makes you unique. try to be creative and say something that will catch our eye!*

150



submit application














×close
forward this position





recipient email address (one)



your name



your email address



enter a message (optional)
the message cannot contain links




human check*




















powered by















