



software engineer















































honeywell careers





chinese (simplified)
czech (czech republic)
dutch (the netherlands)
english (us)
french (canada)
french (france)
german (germany)
portuguese (brazil)
spanish (spain)
create a profile|log in







 











yes
no


















show details













apply now

terms of use





                    refer job:
                        









 add to saved jobs






back




software engineer
driving infinite possibilities within a diversified, global organization
be part of a team that designs, develops and integrates highly complex software functions within honeywell.  you will be an active and integral member of a team to achieve the completion of goals. you will also generate innovative solutions in work situations; trying different and novel ways to deal with problems and opportunities.use your fresh new skill set to provide value added features to our customersaccelerate innovation and growth, teaming with the world's most talented engineerswe invite you to discover for yourself why a career with honeywell is the opportunity you've been looking for



60
software architecture and coding


10
requirements and design


10
verification and validation


10
ability to code in multiple languages


10
analytical skills & software development skills



you must havebachelors degree in software engineering or computer sciencewe valueexperience in developing software applications (server side) experience in core javaexperience in  c++xsl, javascript, ajax, xml, html, css ability to comprehend existing code, independently make progress and deliver new contentability to learn new technologies and adopt new conceptsobject oriented design (ood), design patternsknowledge in junitexperience with networkingexperience with tomcatunderstanding various software development lifecycledemonstrate the ability to develop efficient and high quality softwareknowledge of software configuration management and change management practicesdiverse and global teaming and collaborationeffective communicatorcan quickly analyze, incorporate and apply new information and conceptsability to consistently make timely decisions even in the face of complexity, balancing systematic analysis with decisivenessability to convey subtle or complex messages clearly, as appropriate for the topic and audiencesome relevant experience

due to us export control laws, must be a us citizen, permanent resident or have protected status.

exempt

how honeywell is connecting the world
includes

some travel required
1st shift
continued professional development

additional information
job id: hrd9905 category: engineering location: 3079 premiere pkwy ste 100, duluth, ga usa 
honeywell is an equal opportunity employer. qualified applicants will be considered without regard to age, race, creed, color, national origin, ancestry, marital status, affectional or sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability, nationality, sex, or veteran status.







send to a friend










  
                                    please wait...






email this job ad to your friend(s) by adding their email address(es) along with your details to the field below:   *separate each recipient email address with a comma.

recipient email address(es):
                                            
                         
                

your first name:
 
                                                                                    
                

your last name:
                                              
                          
                
select which language the email should be sent in.

language:

chinese (simplified)
czech (czech republic)
dutch (the netherlands)
english (us)
french (canada)
french (france)
german (germany)
portuguese (brazil)
spanish (spain)





send


















 










						this job opening is already listed as one of your interests. you cannot add the same job opening to your list of interests more than one time.

to see your list of interests, navigate to the application status tab within my profile
					

























account warning













log in
cancel
ok


















honeywell is an equal opportunity employer. qualified applicants will be considered without regard to age, race, creed, color, national origin, ancestry, marital status, affectional or sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability, nationality, sex, religion, or veteran status.
for more information on applicable equal employment regulations, refer to the  eeo is the law poster . 
please refer to the eeo is the law supplement poster & the pay transparency policy.
if a disability prevents you from applying for a job through our website, request assistance here. no other requests will be acknowledged.
terms & conditions | privacy statement
© 2017 honeywell international inc.









