


careers center - software engineer















































please enable cookies to continue
please enable cookies in your browser to experience all the personalized features of this site, including the ability to apply for a job.







welcome page







returning candidate?

log back in!












software engineer


job locations

us-ga-atlanta

posted date

2 months ago



job id

2017-1061


category

engineering









overview






what’s in it for you? vectorworks, inc. is looking for a software engineer to support our world-renowned cad product suite.  it’s an exciting time to join the vectorworks family, and if you are looking for an opportunity to have a lasting impact on a growing team, we hope you’ll take the time to learn more about this opportunity!








responsibilities






in this role, you should expect to: assist in design and coding of software product components, units, and modules according to detailed specifications.   participate in analysis and development of test plans. tests assigned components and units. provide test results and recommend corrections to senior developers and/or team manager.determine and document user requirements for task overviews.create and review task designs.implement projects according to design.test development code.schedule and track time spent on projects and other tasks.investigate bugs and determine appropriate fixes.peer review code.collaborate and provide technical assistance to others.complete professional development tasks.provide assistance for documentation.perform competitive analysis when necessary. why do you want this job? because you are: passionate about building and innovating client facing software.a curious problem solver that enjoys building elegant solutions.looking to grow your hands-on expertise in many disparate technologies ranging from front-end user interface to back-end systems as well as all points in between. 








qualifications






 why do we want you? because you have: a minimum of 60 college credits in the computer science or related field is required.bs in computer science or related field preferred.a minimum of two years of experience in software development.practical knowledge of one or more platforms and operating systems, and of programming languages such as c and c++knowledge of computer graphics, architecture, user interface, geometric algorithms. extra credit: experience using or developing cad applications.all around development skills in software and systems: c++, python, command line, build systems, test systems, etc.ability to identify and resolve security holes in various components written in python and c++.knowledge of scripting languages like pascal, python, visual basic, etc. background in math. vectorworks inc. is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer





options

apply for this job onlineapplyshareemail this job to a friendrefer


sorry the share function is not working properly at this moment. please refresh the page and try again later.

share on your newsfeed





application faqssoftware powered by icimswww.icims.com









