 















	software-engineer - om partners jobsite



















homeour jobsour playersour storynews & eventscontact us





software engineer
location: atlanta (usa)
as a software engineer at om partners you will work on state-of-the art supply chain planning and optimization software. our supply chain consultants will customize the software to the specific needs of the customer.
as a software engineer you will be part of a software development team of 80 members worldwide, working close together with 3-4 team players according to the scrum methodology. we believe in an integrated approach, where every member of the team takes part in analysis, the architecture, programming and debugging. this approach is very challenging since you work in different disciplines: you will develop an expert knowledge of the newest c++ standards, design patterns/uml and algorithmic thinking.
since you are working on existing products, containing millions of code lines, it’s a big challenge to add new features and make sure all modules are integrated. this implies developing product knowledge, and analytical thinking with attention to quality is of high importance as well.
responsibilities
as a software engineer, you are responsible for the technical analysis and development of our supply chain planning applications. depending on your personal interest and qualifications, you will be performing analyses and developments in one or more of the following domains: planning functionality, graphical user interface, integration, forecasting and algorithms.
profile
you have a master degree in computer science or a similar discipline. you have basic knowledge of object oriented programming and the ability and interest to learn modern c++ programming.  you benefit from experience with design patterns/uml, algorithmic thinking and c++ programming. having an analytical mindset is essential.
you are passionate about complex software design and development.
you are fluent in english. you are fun to work with and a great team player.

back to filter |
                video interview |
                send to a friend |
send your cv
 | download vacancy

 









testimonial




video interview
send to a friend
send your cv
download vacancy



















©2017 om partners - contact - events - company - solutions - disclaimer  
 

 







