


careers center - associate software engineer
















































please enable cookies to continue
please enable cookies in your browser to experience all the personalized features of this site, including the ability to apply for a job.





returning candidate?

log back in!





associate software engineer



associate software engineer




job id 

2017-54398




# positions 
2





location 

us-co-denver




posted date 
9/12/2017







more information about this job




overview







 this position will develop and maintain software applications as assigned and provide level 2 escalation support. essential duties and responsibilities:  adheres to sykes policies on ethics and integrity.responsible for full software development lifecycle (sdlc) ensure best practice in design patterns and code security collaborate with team members to develop new, and enhance existing, sykes applicationsparticipate in peer-reviews of code and offer suggested refactoring’s in line with best-practice design patternswork within the team to enhance the company’s use of technology provide level 2 escalation support.may perform other additional duties and responsibilities as assigned. supervisory responsibilities    none                   education and/or experienceb.a. or b.s. in computer science or computer engineering preferred.  qualifications required skills: strong foundation in object oriented programming concepts innovation/improvement orientedstrong problem solving & analysisworking knowledge of the following:oop and n-tiered architecturevisual studio, net framework, c#, vb.net, asp.net, asp.net mvc client-side scripting: javascript, jquery, angular, d3 web services: soap and restrdbms concepts: sql server nice-to-haves: eclipse, java (jsp’s & servlets), apache tomcat cti (preferably avaya) perl scripting microservice architecture exposure to microsoft azure exposure to big data concepts  communication skills:ability to read, analyze, and interpret general business periodicals, professional journals, corporate procedures/regulations.  ability to write reports, business correspondence, and procedure manuals.  ability to effectively present information and respond to questions from groups of managers, clients, customers, and the general public.  reasoning ability:ability to solve practical problems and deal with a variety of concrete variables in situations where only limited standardization exists. ability to interpret a variety of instructions furnished in written, oral, diagram, or schedule form. physical demands:the physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. while performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to speak and/or listen.  the employee frequently is required to sit.  the employee is occasionally required to stand; walk; use hands to finger, handle, or feel; and reach with hands and arms.  the employee may occasionally lift and/or move up to 25 pounds.  specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, and ability to adjust focus. security compliance:employees are required to maintain compliance with sykes safety, security, and privacy programs.  additionally, all employees world-wide are responsible for being an active participant in the sykes safety, security and privacy programs to protect sykes' business operations, facilities, and physical and intellectual property and to ensure a safe and secure working environment for all sykes' employees. ethics compliance:sykes enterprises, incorporated is firmly committed to conducting business in compliance with the letter and spirit of the law and other accepted standards of business conduct as reflected in the company's policies. employees are encouraged to observe the highest standards of professionalism at all times, and are expected to adhere to the sykes standards of conduct for compliance and integrity (www.sykes.com). sykes is proud to be an equal employment opportunity and affirmative action employer.  we strive to treat all applicants and employees with respect and dignity.  our diverse workforce provides many benefits, including creativity, variety in approaches to problem solving, and the ability to work effectively in our diverse markets.  sykes is committed to selecting, developing, and rewarding the best person for the job based on the requirements of the work to be performed and without regard to race, age, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, disability/handicap, marital status, veteran status, sexual orientation, pregnancy, genetic information, gender identity and expression, or any other basis protected by federal, state or local law. eeo/aa/m/f/vet/disability. disclaimerthe preceding position description has been designed to indicate the general nature of work performed; the level of knowledge and skills typically required; and usual working conditions of this position.  it is not designed to contain, or be interpreted as, a comprehensive listing of all requirements or responsibilities that may be required by employees in this position.  to perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily.  reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.





options

apply for this job onlineapplysharerefer this job to a friendrefer



share on your newsfeed







go back to the welcome page

application faqs









