



job application for java developer at onetrust























          apply now
        
java developer

        at onetrust
      

        atlanta
      


about the role
due to rapid growth and increased demand for our data privacy compliance platform, onetrust is seeking an experienced java developer to join our application r&d team.
as a java developer, you will bring a strong track record of applying agile methodologies and complex problem solving skills to develop enterprise-ready software on cloud platforms. the candidate should also bring a strong devops mindset, with experience working in continuous integration/continuous deployment environments. 
the java developer will gain a clear understanding of the privacy industry, including the regulatory environment, and will use this knowledge to support the primary responsibilities. to thrive in this role, the developer will help keep onetrust on the forefront of industry trends, competitive landscape and continually improve our core platform. 
typical day/week snapshot – java developer 

design, develop, and unit test applications deployed to ms azure; assist with cloud application architecture
provide support for scoping and key project estimates 
develop test cases to be executed during development 
conduct and lead peer reviews 
contribute to sprint planning 
help plan and participate in daily scrums, sprint retrospectives, and sprint demos. 
mentor junior software developers 
stay current on modern software development best practices, emerging technologies, and design patterns and contribute to thought leadership efforts.

 
what we need from you:

bachelor's degree in computer science, engineering, or related technical or business field
3-6 years full software development lifecycle
passion for high quality work and attention to detail
working on enterprise product development
knowledge of core java, rest, and the spring ecosystem, with at least some familiarity with spring boot or spring cloud.
database knowledge (sql)
agile development (scrum, xp, or pair programming) experience
experience with cloud application development (microsoft azure, google cloud platform, or amazon web services)
test-driven development (tdd) with junit, mockito, podam
continuous integration/deployment - devops mindset
front end development (html5, css and modern javascript, angularjs)  working on enterprise scale projects
passion for high quality work and attention to detail
ability to work at our refurbished midtown atlanta location daily

 
what you’ll gain from joining onetrust
you can expect tremendous professional development hyper-growth opportunities; an opportunity to work in an open environment on solutions that are reshaping the way businesses operate; and respect for your ideas. we believe in recognition for a job well-done, competitive salaries and a fast paced, entrepreneurial environment.
about onetrust  
onetrust is an enterprise software platform for data privacy compliance. we help organizations make sure their employees are doing what their privacy policies say they do. our business is fueled by an active regulatory environment, recent regulations fine organizations up to 4% of global worldwide revenue for non-compliance. our web based software solves this problem by helping organizations understand the complete picture of personal data being governed. it is a single place for the privacy office to collaborate with business groups, vendors and trusted advisors managing privacy risks.
onetrust was founded by seasoned veterans in enterprise software, having previously built airwatch (acq. vmware $1.54b) and manhattan associates (nasdaq: manh $4.5b market cap).  our team has an extensive background in building enterprise-grade software for the world’s most complex and highly regulated organizations, and as a result were the recipients of the 2015 hp-iapp most innovative privacy technology award.  onetrust is based in atlanta, ga and can be found online at www.onetrust.com.
 







apply for this job

* required
        







first name *



last name *



email *



phone *




              location (city)
                *




resume/cv *


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 














cover letter


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 

















linkedin profile *






how did you hear about this job? *






are you authorized to work for any employer in the u.s.? *



--
yes
no


will you now or in the future require sponsorship for employment in the u.s.? *



--
yes
no








 



share this job:    













powered by 

 
      read our privacy policy
















