front end web developer - internship at novo labs, inc.front end web developer - internshipdallas, txtemporaryjob openingsfront end web developer - internship%button_apply_to_position% apply using linkedinjob brief   we are looking for a javascript developer to design and develop our front end experience for our client facing application.  if you love a challenge, if you love to building beautiful interactions that empowers great user experiences and if you have a passion for developing amazing product features then this is the position for you.  if you have ever said, "i want to grew my development skills" to better impact the "real world".  if you have explored wanted elixir but have not had the chance to use it in a commercial setting we have the perfect job for you.  come and join an energetic and fast-moving team that delivers incredible, innovative new products that touch and improve the interactions of millions of customers. we are passionate about providing our customers with a rich, interactive and engaging user experience. your days will be filled delivering next generation features in small, high performing teams. you’ll collaborate often with other developers to write the best code for the project and deliver amazing results that our clients and consumers love.
education  bachelor's degree in computer science, software engineering or design.  masters preferred.
required skills  
javascriptreactgraphqlnode.js or railsphotoshop or sketchability to develop low fidelity wireframesability to develop high fidelity wireframes ability to rapidly self-train on new technologiesknowledge of web-based applications and architecturepassion for solving complex problemskeen interest in open source and learning new technologiesenjoyment of sharing knowledge with teammates, and working collaboratively when you need help


nice to have experience / you will learn   
experience working with agile methodologyexperience in translating front-end mockups and wireframes into functioning applicationsexperience in designing/coding for high availability and performance.experience with rapid prototyping / simulations / iterative designunderstanding of http interaction with browsers (request types, request headers, synchronous/asynchronous requests).understanding of page rendering orchestration within a browserexperience at using browser development tools within each major browserdelivering software using a container based infrastructurefamiliar with docker, git, github, circleci, etc. around continuous integration and continuous delivery infrastructureexperience testing in selenium frameworks
location:• dallas, tx (downtown)%button_apply_to_position%%footer_powered_by%breezy