

jr. / mid-level developer (real estate saas product) job - dallas, tx


























 











                      jr. / mid-level developer (real estate saas product)
                  



                real geeks
            





dallas,
                    tx




            posted
            3 weeks
            ago
          


apply for this job




real geeks
real geeks is dominating the real estate tech industry and we need your help to take us to the next level.the candidate’s primary responsibility is to ensure the data keeps flowing! this is a mission-critical position and you will have a lot of support, from upper management to our technical support team. you will have a lot of freedom to think creatively, experiment with solutions, dream up of new data-driven applications, and expand your current thinking and abilities.
responsibilities
adapt existing systems to keep pace with our expanding market sharedesign and implement new systems where neededcommunicate effectively with data providersbrainstorm architecture improvements with upper management
qualifications
bs degree in computer science, similar technical field of study, or equivalent practical experiencemust be organized, comfortable working within deadlines, and able to think creatively2+ years mongodb experience4+ years python experienceagile methodology
compensation
$50,000 - $65,000
about real geeks
real geeks builds powerful, simple and easy-to-use software to help real estate professionals do more business. we are passionate about helping our clients with innovative solutions that make their lives better by bringing modern technology to the real estate industry. our products and services are of the highest quality and best value in the industry. we are looking for passionate, hard-working people that want to be part of our rapidly growing company and take ownership and pride in what they do. 







apply now




name





email





phone number





upload resume


                acceptable file formats include .doc, .docx, .pdf, .txt.










by applying, you consent to wizehire's privacy
                        policy.
                    





























all jobs


jobs in texas


real geeks jobs


jr. / mid-level developer (real estate saas product)











