

	associate software engineer #465803 us-tx-dallas



























associate software engineer
us-tx-dallas





apply
view all jobs




share this job















	be part of a fast moving, lean product development team working on the continued development of the lone wolf family of applications. deliver reliable, scalable new features to the lone wolf brokerage platform using the latest in java, spring, postgresql and nosql technologies. collaborate with the engineering and product teams to design and deliver finished, high-quality, and compelling features and products on time and on budget.

this may be your dream job if…


		you take pride in your reputation for designing simple, elegant solutions to address various needs.

		you consider yourself to be a fast learner; you are driven to improve your knowledge of software architecture and to keep up with new methods or best practices.

		you enjoy challenging yourself to meet goals at a sustainable pace.

		your friends and colleagues describe you as engaging, a strong communicator who is eager to bring teammates together to figure things out.

		you strive for high-quality, rapid output through the use of agile software development best practices and want to work alongside like-minded teammates.

		you are self-motivated and want to work in a small team, yet you are comfortable partnering with other departments, stakeholders, and customers on software development, improvements, internal tools, and implementation issues.



skills & requirements

as an associate software engineer you will be asked to:


		collaborate with a team of full stack developers to design, develop, unit test, and support new features.

		identify technical requirements and participate in peer reviews of solution design and related code.

		proactively learn product frameworks and code base; continually improve upon existing applications and learn new technologies.

		justify decisions made within the code being delivered and take ownership of any output.

		participate in performance tuning, testing, refactoring, usability, and automation; support, maintain, and help document software functionality.

		maintain coding, compliance, and security standards.

		provide maintenance and on-going support of past and future technical solutions.


who will we hire?  candidates will have:


		bachelor’s degree in computer science, computer engineering or other related subject.

		0-2 years' experience

		familiarity with .net, java and sql (any implementation: mysql, sql server, postgresql, sybase, oracle, etc.)

		familiarity with amazon web services (aws) and knowledge of basic project management principles or web application security fundamentals (owasp, oauth) are a bonus

		this is an excellent opportunity to apply your conceptual or practical awareness of agile methodologies in a team-based setting.



about lone wolf real estate technologies
at lone wolf real estate technologies, we believe that when we work together we can build solutions that really make a difference in our clients’ lives and in the real estate industry. this is why we have created the industry’s leading real estate software to help our clients focus on achieving their goals by providing them with a complete enterprise solution.
in the ever changing world of real estate technology, we believe that our success comes from embracing our employees’ diverse skill sets and by developing and leveraging our client relationships.
we’ve become the largest real estate software company in north america. our products provide our client’s with a competitive advantage in today’s market and nearly 10,000 offices are utilizing our feature rich, fully integrated windows and web based software solutions.



at lone wolf real estate technologies, we are an equal opportunity employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity. we hire and attract candidates from all backgrounds regardless of age, race, creed, colour, religion, national origin, ancestry, marital status, affectional or sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability, nationality, sex, status as a protected veteran or any other legally protected grounds and ensure that we will not discriminate on these basis. please note that accommodations are available on request for candidates taking part in all aspects of the selection process. if you do require accommodations, please contact the human resources department at lone wolf real estate technologies by calling 1-866-cry-wolf (1-866-279-9653) or emailing careers@lwolf.com.



apply
view all jobs


 


 
 
















