



ordermygear - jobs: software engineer - apply online

























all jobs
→
software engineer

software engineer
dallas, texas, united states · engineering

descriptionjoin ordermygear and play a pivotal role in a rapidly changing industry. we provide an e-commerce platform for the unique world of team sports apparel and other online group sales. ordermygear is a fast growing company, ranking #12 in dallas on the inc. 5000 list. with our continued growth, we are hard at work scaling our platform while improving the experience for our customers and consumers.as a software engineer, you will be part of a growing development team and make a direct impact on the development process and our culture. we're building our platform with tools like docker, kubernetes, go, php, node, react and other exciting technologies — we believe in picking the right tool for the job. in this role you will: work closely with all teams to understand needs, distill requests down, come up with a plan, get buy-in, and implement. plan, architect, build, and implement complete features (back-to-front — we are full-stack developers here). collaborate closely with the team to set the technical direction of our platform. be proactive in solving problems and comfortable in moving quickly. requirements experience with the above-listed technologies are a plus, but most important to us is the ability to pick up new tools and languages quickly and the proven desire to do so. experience building web apps, the better. we'll be most interested in checking out what you’ve built. somebody who asks a lot of questions, is confident not knowing everything, and is more likely to ask for help and collaborate than go it alone. track record of solving problems and owning your vision. you need to be crisp and detailed oriented, and willing to own an outcome and run with it, without somebody telling you exactly how to get there. a scrappy, get stuff done attitude that completes high quality projects quickly. dev-ops experience is a plus but not required. degree in computer science or equivalent. 

apply for this job











ordermygear website

powered by
workable





