








apply for american express engineer - java job - digital commerce, technology - phoenix, arizona
























skip to main content
















































toggle navigation






american express






life at american express
our company
career areas
student opportunities





careers home
search jobs
















 
 




american express careers







get future jobs matching this search.







 get alerts 




 please enter a valid email.
 unfortunately, our network is not responding. please try again later.
 your job alert was successfully created.






share this job


























engineer - java


locations:
phoenix, arizona




categories: digital commerce


categories: technology





apply


get referred



how get referred works

how get referred works

how get referred works




job description



designs, develops, troubleshoots, debugs, evaluates, modifies, deploys and documents software and systems that meet the needs of customer-facing applications, business applications, and/or internal end user applications.
 
key responsibilities include:

analyze requirements/ user stories to appropriately support design activities
perform all technical aspects of software development for assigned applications including, developing prototypes and writing new code / api's
function as an active member of an agile team through consistent development practices (tools, common components, and documentation)
produce software builds from software source code
conduct integration tests as defined in the test specifications, including event logging and reporting of results
perform unit and assembly testing of software components including the design, implementation, evaluation, and execution of unit and assembly test scripts
conduct code reviews and tests of automated build scripts
debug software components, identifies, fixes and verifies remediation of code defects (own work and the work of others)
identify opportunities to adopt innovative technologies
provides continuous support for ongoing production application availability
write instructions to guide computer operators during production runs
work with product owners to prioritize features for ongoing sprints and manage a list of technical requirements based on industry trends, new technologies, known defects, and issuesqualifications
at least 6 years of software development experience in a professional environment and/or comparable experience such as:•        understanding of agile or other rapid application development methods•        exposure to design and coding across one or more platforms and languages (e.g. java, j2ee, node) as appropriate.  must know java programming language extremely well.•        exposure to methods relating to application design, software development and automated testing.  strong mvc framework (ie: spring, jvm, classloaders, memory management, application containers, jsr’s etc.) experience.•        general knowledge of distributed (multi-tiered) systems, algorithms, and relational databases•        understanding of object-oriented design and coding with variety of languages (java multi-threading, j2ee, etc.).  familiar with xml, json, rest, soap, jdbc, orm.  should be power user of at least one ide. can write tests using junit.  knows what continuous integration means (jenkins, ant, maven, gradle).•        bachelor’s degree in computer science, computer engineering, or related field required. employment eligibility to work with american express in the u.s. is required as the company will not pursue visa sponsorship for these positions.reqid: 17014784schedule (full-time/part-time): full-time






apply


get referred



how get referred works

how get referred works

how get referred works




 




contact us
manage your profile
manage your profile (students)
employees











adchoices
privacy statement
terms of service




american express is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, disability status, or any other status protected by law.
us candidates/employees: click here to view the “eeo is the law” poster and supplement and the pay transparency policy statement.

all users of our online services subject to privacy statement and agree to be bound by terms of service. please review.
© 2017 american express company. all rights reserved.






















