







software developer | sandhills publishing























about
our brands
hosted services
locations
contact us
news
careers & internships



























                    ☰
                


about
our brands
hosted services
locations
contact us
news
careers & internships







careers

how to apply
benefits
internships
careers
news




careers & internships   »   careers  »   software developer





software developer
the software developer plays a key part in developing industry-leading software. in this role you will be responsible for all aspects of the development life cycle, including defining, developing, and testing technical and architectural solutions.   this position will provide the opportunity to work on a wide variety of projects, where you can apply your existing knowledge to solve new market problems. you will use the latest technologies in the microsoft stack to build dynamic, data-driven web applications.  this is a position in a highly collaborative environment working with other skilled software professionals to continuously improve code quality and execution.  salary based on experience ranging from $80,000-$160,000/year.   responsibilities •participate in solution design to satisfy a wide range of business needs. •analysis and translation of business requirements into technical requirements for development, and creation of design documents and technical specifications. •adhere to best practices and standards in the areas of development, technology, and security. •provide post-implementation support, including, but not limited to, monitoring application performance and debugging existing code. •keep up with advancements and changes in technology and develop an understanding of how new technologies can be leveraged to provide business solutions. •many projects also employ client-side technologies, including javascript, jquery, css3, and html5, to develop robust and highly interactive web-based user interfaces.  •projects may include development of new products and new features or maintenance of existing software using agile practices as part of a collaborative and open environment.  •assume other duties as assigned.   skills/knowledge/abilities preferred •web/api development in the .net framework (c#, vb, .net core). •strong relational database knowledge. •sql server (scripting, indices, views, stored procedures). •ability to perform effectively in a team-oriented environment. •ability to quickly learn new technologies and business functions. •strong analytical skills to determine effective approaches to business solutions. •understanding of best practices and methods to integrate applications within the organization and with external partners. •strong knowledge of the full software development life cycle, with exposure to agile or iterative approaches to delivery preferred. •microsoft iis •windows/web services •microsoft team foundation server (tfs)
position currently available in: 

lincoln, nebraska, usa
scottsdale, arizona, usa
sidney, nebraska, usa
chicago, illinois, usa
sioux falls, south dakota, usa


how to apply



all information technology positions



.net web developer                
                        
                        

android developer                
                        
                        

business analyst                
                        
                        

database developer                
                        
                        

ios developer                
                        
                        

it support specialist (1pm-10pm shift)                
                        
                        









shipping address:
                120 w. harvest dr. 
                lincoln, ne 68521 
mailing address:
                p.o. box 82545 
                lincoln, ne 68501-5310
            

toll free: 800-331-1978 
international/local: 402-479-2181 
fax: 402-479-2195 
email: [email protected]
human resources: [email protected]












                copyright © by sandhills publishing company 2017. all rights reserved.
            

privacy policy  |  
                scam alerts  |  
                copyright & legal notice















