








apply for american express full stack engineer - enterprise api platform job - digital commerce, technology - phoenix, arizona
























skip to main content
















































toggle navigation






american express






life at american express
our company
career areas
student opportunities





careers home
search jobs
















 
 




american express careers







get future jobs matching this search.







 get alerts 




 please enter a valid email.
 unfortunately, our network is not responding. please try again later.
 your job alert was successfully created.






share this job


























full stack engineer - enterprise api platform


locations:
phoenix, arizona




categories: digital commerce


categories: technology





apply


get referred



how get referred works

how get referred works

how get referred works




job description



you won’t just shape the world of software.
you’ll shape the world of life, work and play.
 
 
our api
journey that started with three primary goals – establish a common api platform
across the enterprise; connect the company through apis, and enable our partners
and merchants to engage directly with american express through external facing
apis – has advanced significantly. there is tremendous momentum across the
company with hundreds of internal and external apis that are consumed millions
of times a month.
 
become
part of american express’s digital enterprise evolution by joining the american
express technology team in creating robust api portals for public and internal
developers around the world through the creation of amazing user experiences
for our developer communities. you will be part of a fast-paced agile team
building responsive solutions designed to simplify access to the amex platform.
 
taking
your place as a core member of an agile team, your responsibilities will
include:
writing
code and unit tests, working with api specs and automationidentifying
opportunities for adopting new technologiesdeveloping
microservices using java and deploying them on enterprise clouddeveloping
advanced web components in angular 2 for the portal and provide an intuitive
end user experiencecapability
tuning across browsers and mobile devicestroubleshooting
issues and working with product support teams to resolve problems and perform
root cause analysisworking
closely with product owners in researching and prototyping new capabilities
that improve the overall user experience
qualificationsour
software engineers not only understand how technology works, but how that
technology intersects with the people who count on it every day. 
 
the ideal
candidate will have a strong understanding of responsive web development using
technologies such as: angular 2, bootstrap, java, databases, css, and html.  
 
also:
 
habitually
focused, organized, and detail-orientedadvanced
user experience development skills in creating dynamic and engaging web
components.hands-on
expertise with responsive web application design and developmentpreferred
experience angular 2, bootstrap and javaprovable
experience in developing web components using: html, css, javascript, spring
mvc and open source sub-componentsexcellent
written and oral communication skills collaborative
work ethics and ability to work in a team-oriented culture ability
to demonstrate sound judgment and execute against deliverables under deadlines
and competing priorities passionate
about creating great technology products and is always looking for creative
& innovative solutions to meet or exceed our business partners’ needs strong
collaborate skills across development portfolios to drive resultsstrong
technical aptitude with an intense desire to learn new skills and industry
trends demonstrated
experience in an agile development, application design, software development,
and automated testing (selenium, junit etc.)demonstrated
experience using ci/cd tools such as jenkins, xlr, sonar, selenium, chef etc.
 
today,
innovative ideas, insight and new perspectives are at the core of how we create
a more powerful, personal and fulfilling experience for all our customers. so
if you’re interested in a career creating breakthrough software and making an
impact on an audience of millions, look no further.employment eligibility to work with american express in the u.s. is required as the company will not pursue visa sponsorship for these positions.
reqid: 17014641schedule (full-time/part-time): full-time






apply


get referred



how get referred works

how get referred works

how get referred works




 




contact us
manage your profile
manage your profile (students)
employees











adchoices
privacy statement
terms of service




american express is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, disability status, or any other status protected by law.
us candidates/employees: click here to view the “eeo is the law” poster and supplement and the pay transparency policy statement.

all users of our online services subject to privacy statement and agree to be bound by terms of service. please review.
© 2017 american express company. all rights reserved.






















