 









software developer #0002 job at trustcor in phoenix, az, powered by jobscore















































your browser cookies must be enabled in order to apply for this job. please contact support@jobscore.com if you need further instruction on how to do that.












software developer
development | phoenix, az | full time






job description



location: phoenix, remote within 1 hour travel also acceptable
type: fulltime.
experience: senior (prior software development experience is mandatory)
 
about us: 

privacy-focused company providing email and communication applications for web and mobile. 

description:


our developers frequently transition between front-end, back-end, ios, android, and other projects. our strength comes from our speed and agility, and our ability to refocus the engineering team based on current priorities. you will have the opportunity to work on challenging problems anywhere in our stack. you will be working both internally with the engineering team, and also with remote developers.


requirements:


prior experience building distributed applications at web scale


python experience is a must


expert-level in at least two of the following languages: python, javascript, objective-c, swift, java


expert-level with at least one of the following frameworks or environments: react, react native, redux


you'll have to be able to become proficient in similar languages or frameworks very quickly


experience in developing software using at least two of: webrtc, amqp, udp or tcp socket programming


familiarity with dns and http 


strong english communication skills


extensive experience working on extremely complex software projects


strong background in computer science (algorithms, data structure, software design, reliability, maintainability, etc)


ability to keep up in an extremely fast-paced environment


bonus points:


well versed in security and with a good understanding of security best practices from a programming point of view


fluent in unix/linux


gpg, s/mime experience


nacl experience


why work here:


flexible and casual working environment


startup environment where everyone matters and can make a big impact


work in an ultra high growth environment solving interesting problems, there is never a boring moment


fast growth also means there are many opportunities for rapid advancement


do something meaningful. our applications protect dissidents, journalists, and activists. our work literally impacts lives.


be part of something bigger. millions of people and businesses around the world have embraced our idea of an internet where privacy and security are the default, and not merely an afterthought. be part of this revolution that is changing the world.







return to trustcor


apply for this job










apply for this job


apply for this job


share











return to trustcor








powered by







applicant tracking













