



software engineer intern















































honeywell careers





chinese (simplified)
czech (czech republic)
dutch (the netherlands)
english (us)
french (canada)
french (france)
german (germany)
portuguese (brazil)
spanish (spain)
create a profile|log in







 











yes
no


















show details













apply now

terms of use





                    refer job:
                        









 add to saved jobs






back




software engineer intern
launch innovations in nearly every commercial and defense aircraft platform
be part of a team that designs, develops and integrates highly complex software functions within honeywell.  you will participate in and support multi-disciplined product development project teams in support of the organization's business strategies, with a direct impact on business unit/function overall results.grow and develop your technical knowledge in a team-based culture focused on innovation and customer satisfaction. support the team on the next generation integrated avionics platform.drive improvements in a challenging environment.



60
code generation


15
code test


15
code design


10
customer support







you must havecurrently pursuing a bachelors degree in software engineeringwe valuemust be able to participate in an internship, prior to completing current degree program motivated to drive improvements in a challenging environmentprovide clear and concise communicationsability to easily and effectively juggle many priorities and competing demands ability to focus on important information and identify key details. some exposure to c/c++, c#, and java software development languages. oracle and sql programming desired.

must be a us citizen due to contractual requirements.

nonexempt

honeywell aerospace overview
includes

continued professional development
relocation provided


additional information
job id: hrd14702 category: engineering location: 21111 n. 19th ave (deer valley), phoenix, az 85027 usa 
honeywell is an equal opportunity employer. qualified applicants will be considered without regard to age, race, creed, color, national origin, ancestry, marital status, affectional or sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability, nationality, sex, or veteran status.







send to a friend










  
                                    please wait...






email this job ad to your friend(s) by adding their email address(es) along with your details to the field below:   *separate each recipient email address with a comma.

recipient email address(es):
                                            
                         
                

your first name:
 
                                                                                    
                

your last name:
                                              
                          
                
select which language the email should be sent in.

language:

chinese (simplified)
czech (czech republic)
dutch (the netherlands)
english (us)
french (canada)
french (france)
german (germany)
portuguese (brazil)
spanish (spain)





send


















 










						this job opening is already listed as one of your interests. you cannot add the same job opening to your list of interests more than one time.

to see your list of interests, navigate to the application status tab within my profile
					

























account warning













log in
cancel
ok


















honeywell is an equal opportunity employer. qualified applicants will be considered without regard to age, race, creed, color, national origin, ancestry, marital status, affectional or sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability, nationality, sex, religion, or veteran status.
for more information on applicable equal employment regulations, refer to the  eeo is the law poster . 
please refer to the eeo is the law supplement poster & the pay transparency policy.
if a disability prevents you from applying for a job through our website, request assistance here. no other requests will be acknowledged.
terms & conditions | privacy statement
© 2017 honeywell international inc.









