


kubra > careers >software engineer (java)
















































please enable cookies to continue
please enable cookies in your browser to experience all the personalized features of this site, including the ability to apply for a job.







welcome page







returning candidate?

log back in!












software engineer (java)




posted date

3 weeks ago



job id

2017-1418


# positions

1



city


phoenix



location


arizona






overview




here we grow again! with the increase in new clients and projects, our product development team is expanding and we are looking for an accomplished software engineer to join the team! 





what you get to do every day




as a software engineer, you will design & build software to introduce new functionality and expand existing functionalityyou will translate business requirements into technical specifications & designcontribute to overall product architectureresearch, evaluate and implement suitable design patterns & technologiescollaborate with the teams to develop product roadmapssuggest and make product improvements as per industry trends & standardsbuild and maintain high quality tests along with feature developmentcommunicate effectively with technical & non-technical resourceshelp train and mentor other software engineershandle a number of projects and tasks using a variety of technologiesmay travel to visit clients throughout north america to deliver technical presentations





what kind of person should you be?




as a software engineer, you pride yourself on your problem-solving and analytical skillsyou have the ability to quickly learn unfamiliar systems & code basesyou can handle the most stressful situations calmly you often suggest ideas for new applications that can improve operationsyou're self motivatedyour ability to debug & triage complex problems is outstandingyou have the ability to assess maintainability & long-term impacts of design choicesyou have mad respect for deadlinesthe ability to work independently is crucial but you also know that teamwork makes the dream workbe yourself! unless you can be batman, always be batmana sense of humour!





what skills do you need?




bachelor’s degree in computer science or engineering, or equivalent experiencemaster’s degree is preferredminimum of 5 years of experience in java environmentsproficiency in java and object oriented design and spring framework, with knowledge of java eeexperience with cloud service provider(s) - amazon aws preferred with services such as ec2, s3, and rdsexperience in building modern distributed applications or micro services preferredexperience in java concurrencyproficiency in relational databases excellent written and verbal communications skills and an ability to maintain a high degree of professionalism in all client communicationsleadership experience is preferred





what can you expect from us?




 a unique, supportive, and flexible work environmentchallenges related to working in a fast-paced, growing environmenta management team that cares about peoplean extensive orientation program including job shadowing from your first 30 days up to six monthsa chance to join the occasional beach volleyball game or board game night   we are a fast-growing and dynamic company offering customer experience management solutions to some of the largest utility, insurance and government entities across north america. our portfolio of meter-to-cash and outage communication solutions includes billing and payment, mapping, mobile apps and proactive customer communications solutions for customers. with more than 1 billion customer experiences annually, we have the ability to provide performance-driven value to more than 550 clients every day. our tempe office is small enough to allow creative individuals to flourish, yet large enough to provide long-term stability. we place a tremendous amount of responsibility on our team members to be productive, focused and self-motivated. we offer a casual work environment, competitive compensation and a stellar benefits program.    kubra is an equal opportunity employer dedicated to building an inclusive and diverse workforce. we will provide accommodations during the recruitment process upon request. information received relating to accommodation will be addressed confidentially. we thank all applicants for their interest; however, only candidates under consideration will be contacted.





options

apply for this job onlineapplysharerefer this job to a friendrefer


sorry the share function is not working properly at this moment. please refresh the page and try again later.

share on your newsfeed




connect with us!




if your ideal job isn’t listed, that’s okay! we’re always looking for great new talent. click i want to work at kubra  to stay connected and let us know what kind of opportunities you’re interested in!





socialize this job opportunity to a friend, colleague, or family member:












application faqssoftware powered by icimswww.icims.com









