





careers at irispr software - java developer





















































about irispr

leadership
careers
contact us

resources

media relations
pr measurement & reporting
content marketing
pr team management
pr tech
customer stories

blog








































join the irispr developer team




























java developer (phoenix, az)







we're looking for an experienced java developer to help design, architect and develop innovative new features for the irispr platform. the ideal candidate has experience with java apps and a great attitude.
irispr is a phoenix-based tech start-up with an experienced leadership team and exceptional product. we have a positive brand reputation in the pr industry, and have our sights set on becoming the industry leader.
we are looking for a java developer with a deep sense of product ownership and is comfortable working in a fast-paced startup environment. still interested? great! here’s what we’re looking for.
you will: 

write clean, well-designed, reusable spring based rest services with java.
write code that scales and is easily maintainable by other developers.
lead effort to optimize for performance and remove bottlenecks.
architect systems to anticipate future scale and complexity while still enabling rapid experimentation and delivery of new features and products.
create testing processes that ensure code quality as development progresses.
help build the team and mentor junior developers.

our ideal candidate has:

5+ years of experience building java applications based on spring, jpa, hibernate, with familiarity in spring boot, aws deployment.
3+ years of professional software engineering experience in web technologies, web services and rest.
experience working with oauth is a plus.
a degree in computer science or stem field, or related work experience working with data structures and algorithms.
experience working with sql databases like mysql or postgresql.
experience working within nosql databases like mongodb or cassandra and mastery in merging disparate data forms is a plus.
experience working within a scrum or agile team, where you practiced tdd.
experience integrating other api's or systems together. familiarity with soa.
high degree of competency working in a unix environment.
experience working at a startup with a focus on delivering scalable products.  
ability to formulate articulate opinions on product design and engineering issues with a focus in finding the most effective solution.
a deep sense of product ownership.
recent management or leadership experience.

to apply, please send resume, linkedin profile, and anything else that tells us what we should know about you to jobs@myirispr.com.




















john f. wood

















"always code as if the guy who ends up maintaining your code will be a violent psychopath who knows where you live."

















 































© 2016 iris pr software. all rights reserved. legal 












why irispr
customer stories
demo
 



about irispr
leadership
careers
contact us



media relations
pr reporting
content marketing
team management
pr technology
 



blog
twitter
facebook
linkedin


































