


careers | western alliance bancorporation |software developer














































please enable cookies to continue
please enable cookies in your browser to experience all the personalized features of this site, including the ability to apply for a job.







welcome page







returning candidate?

log back in!












software developer




req no.

2017-3962



affiliate


western alliance bank


category

technology


type

regular full time



city


phoenix









overview






western alliance bank is looking for smart, talented .net / web administrator to maintain and enhance applications in our alliance association bank (aab) portfolio.  we want creative, highly-motivated developers who take the initiative, have good sense of urgency and are comfortable working in a fast paced environment. 








responsibilities






develop technical solutions on time, within budget and meeting regulatory requirements.work with multiple business partners and technologies to install, manage and support core bank applications.work both independently and as part of a team to design, build, test, and maintain complex web and application client server infrastructure environments.work in a high energy team environment to deliver complex infrastructure changes.handle production support efficiently and recommend preventive steps.develop innovative approaches and solutions to complex technology challenges.create and maintain well-written technical documentation.balance and prioritize multiple concurrent projects effectively.work efficiently with technologies change process.








qualifications






 4+ years of scripting technologies including: powershell, perl, batch, etc.2+ years of ms-sql or relational database experience2+ years’ experience web hosting in windows. iis6+ with an emphasis on iis8 and iis8.5.strong ability to troubleshoot vendor, 3rd-party, and in-house applicationsstrong ability to work with others including: peers, business partners, vendors, and customersability to create and configure websites and install windows services. debugging and troubleshooting skills for website issues on both servers and web browsers.ability to deploy updated code or content to websites, web applications, and web services. experience with basic release management principals and work experience in environments with strict change control procedures. other desirable skills:.net and c# experience. ability to find and fix basic bugs in code in visual studio and deploy fixes to sites and sql.vba experience is a plusunderstanding of web server hardening standards and best practices.advanced sql dba concepts such as database mirroring, performance tuning, indexing, foreign key concepts, general schema, etc.experience designing, implementing, or supporting multitier (n-tier) architectures.working knowledge of other web/application server technologies such as tomcat and jboss.                               





options

apply for this job onlineapplysharerefer this job to a friendrefer


sorry the share function is not working properly at this moment. please refresh the page and try again later.

share on your newsfeed




western alliance bancorporation is committed to equal employment and will consider all qualified applicants without regard to race, sex, color, religion, age, nation origin, marital status, disability, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or genetic information. western alliance bancorporation is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodations for individuals with disabilities. if you are an individual with a disability and require a reasonable accommodation to complete any part of the application process and/or need an alternative method of applying, please email recruiter@westernalliancebank.com or call (702) 252-6257

about western alliance bank
with more than $19 billion in assets, western alliance bancorporation (nyse:wal) is one of the country's top-performing banking companies and is ranked #4 on the forbes 2017 "best banks in america" list. its primary subsidiary, western alliance bank, is the go-to bank for business and succeeds with local teams of experienced bankers who deliver superior service and a full spectrum of deposit, lending, treasury management, international banking and online banking products and services. western alliance bank operates full-service banking divisions: alliance bank of arizona, bank of nevada, bridge bank, first independent bank and torrey pines bank. the bank also serves business customers through a robust national platform of specialized financial services including corporate finance, equity fund resources, hotel franchise finance, life sciences group, mortgage warehouse lending, public and nonprofit finance, renewable resource group, resort finance, technology finance and alliance association bank.

socialize this job opportunity to a friend, colleague, or family member:










application faqssoftware powered by icimswww.icims.com









