
software developer job - huntar corp. - tempe, az | indeed.com






















skip to job description, searchclose










find jobscompany reviewsfind salariesfind resumesemployers / post job







upload your resume


sign in







:







what
where





advanced job search


 

 



 



job title, keywords or company


city, state, or zip












software developer

huntar corp.
     -
tempe, az 85282


huntar, inc. is an exciting startup software company focused on creating powerful and immersive augmented reality experiences. we are constantly on the cutting edge of mobile technologies pertaining to ar. we are looking for a talented software developer to fit into our team and deliver amazing experiences to consumers. all of our employees get full benefits after 90 days including health insurance, stock options, and vacation time.all of our work is for ios and android devices using the unity engine for 3d content. the only requirement is that you love building great software.helpful but not required:developing native apps for android or iosbuilding interactive content in unityworking with c#, java, swift, or objective-cinclude these in your application to stand out:description of who you are. what projects have you enjoyed working on? which have you disliked and why? what motivates you?a piece of code (doesn't have to be your own) that you find interesting and why.links to your online profiles (github, stackexchange, etc.)your work history (resumé, linkedin profile, etc.)the recruiting process consists of the following:initial call between you and a member of our team. we'll discuss the company and what we do. feel free to ask us any questions. we will also ask some basic technical questions.challenges on codility. we will guage your programming abilities with some general programming challenges. these are not specific to any one platform or language and are designed to test your general skill. these aren't meant to be difficult or imposing.in-person interview. we will bring you in to meet the team for a final interview. this may include some whiteboard programming questions.the offer. if you've made it this far, you're in!this position's start date is 1/2/2018, though this is negotiable if you would like to start earlier.job type: full-timejob location:tempe, az 85282required education:bachelor'srequired experience:programming: 2 years

23 days ago   -  save job









» apply now

            please review all application instructions before applying to huntar corp..






other jobs you may like


software developer

hcl technologies -
					chandler, az
6 days ago

 easily apply



software developer

arizona labor force inc -
					tempe, az
30+ days ago

 easily apply



software developer

western alliance bank -
					phoenix, az
30 days ago


software developer

virtra -
					tempe, az
30+ days ago


mid-level full-stack javascript/java develope...

kaseware -
					centennial, co
9 days ago

 easily apply






 









                        huntar corp.


                huntar corp. is an ar studio in the heart of tempe, arizona. we specialize in crafting custom, innovative and never-before-seen experiences...



let employers find youthousands of employers search for candidates on indeedupload your resume










about - help center


©2017 indeed - cookies, privacy and terms



let employers find you  upload your resume











