





software engineer - salt lake city, ut - galileo processing jobs









 














home
jobs




software engineer - salt lake city, ut

toggle navigation








software engineer 

jobslogin 











 06-nov-2017 to 05-jan-2018 (mst) salt lake city, ut, usa full time 

 medical, dental, 401k


email me similar jobs email me this job



galileo is the recognized leader in advanced payment processing solutions, providing our partners unparalleled competitive advantages, including: flexibility, speed to market, scalability, innovation, security, reliability, compliance, customization and increased profitability. founded in 2000 and headquartered in salt lake city, utah we have supported over 700 of the leading programs in the industry in both the us and canada with our continuously improving next-generation platform. 
galileo presents a fast paced and challenging environment, and as such we are seeking resources with the skill and passion for solving interesting and complex development requirements.
as the hiring manager, i am responsible for building out the best application development team possible. we are looking for smart, creative, talented software engineers.  if this is you and you have experience building real-time, high-performance, transactional, backend applications in python or c, then i want to meet with you.
if you are looking for a place to learn new skills and work in an environment where you contribute directly to the success of the company, and you want to have direct input into the future and designs of the applications you build, and you want to work on a team of likeminded creative and talented engineers, then you should want to meet with us.
duties and responsibilities:

create solid high performing server applications for payment processing.
design, code, debug and test backend programs/database applications using c, python, and sql.
provide insight and expertise in improving existing programs

qualifications:

broad based programming skills
thorough knowledge of general computer science
experience with c programming, python, rdbms, sql, linux and oracle
strong understanding of relational database concepts
excellent technical aptitude and ability to solve problems
ability to work in a quick-paced, evolving environment.
positive attitude and exceptional work ethic
ability to collaborate with others within the organization
bachelor's degree in computer science or equivalent degree or experience

galileo has a very competitive compensation and benefits package including medical, dental, tuition reimbursement, a 401k match, education assistance, life insurance, and long term disability with the opportunity to purchase other benefits. full job description 

galileo processing
https://galileoprocessing.applicantpro.com






apply now
with our quick 3 minute application!



you have javascript disabled on your browser. you will not be able to apply for this position without enabling javascript. if you need assistance with enabling javascript, please click here for assistance.





 

* fields are required




what is your full name?




first name



last name





how can we contact you?


email





phone number



number type

home
cell
work






what is your preferred method of communication?


email
text message






apply for this position
apply for this position
by clicking the button above, i agree to applicantpro's applicant information use policy. 






sign up for job alerts!








share this page







 


 


hiring software maintained by applicantpro - © 2017



refresh




 
 
 
 







go
common questions





















