
software engineer (full stack node.js) job - pluralsight - south jordan, ut | indeed.com






















skip to job description, searchclose









find jobscompany reviewsfind salariesfind resumesemployers / post job







upload your resume


sign in







:







what
where





advanced job search


 

 



 



job title, keywords or company


city, state, or zip












software engineer (full stack node.js)

pluralsight


7 reviews
 -
south jordan, ut


job summarypluralsight proudly creates the creators of tomorrow: the people who develop the technology that lifts the human condition. we do this through the tech industry's leading learning platform for serious developer, it and creative professionals. our team of 700+ innovators and disruptors are serving over 1m users in 150+ countries to conquer the tech skills gap.job descriptionways we work: software craftsmanship - we want to be proud of our work. come to utahsc.orgtest-driven development - we take responsibility for our code without qa engineerspair programming - we value collaborative developmentcontinuous delivery - teams independently ship code to prod every daykanban & lean - no more backlog grooming, no more t-shirt size estimatingcontinual improvement - we take time to sharpen the saw and adjust how we workautonomous & responsible teams - making their own product & dev choicescross-functional teams - collaborating through all phases of the product dev processcustomer research - we build what our customers actually wanttrusting leaders - who trust us to create and don’t impose deadlines or featuressolid technology - of the team’s choice, for the right jobwhat we create with: node.js backenddeclarative ui - react, angular@2functional state management - reduxtdd - mocha, jasmine, avajs modules - es6, cjscss modules - < 3single-page apps - stateful clients, client routing, rest/graphqldata visualization - d3, svgaccessibility - semantic markup, aria, a11y auditsoptimized assets - webpack, cdngithub - src control and prsdatabases - postgresql, cassandra, reddismessaging – pub/sub architectureworking at pluralsightwe're committed to a values-driven culture here at pluralsight and our mission inspires everything we do:creating progress through technology that lifts the human condition.this is our north star — it's the why and how behind all of our decisions. since our start in 2004, we’ve chosen to grow in a way that will make our mission a reality. we’ve raised over $190 million in funding and acquired five awesome startups (peepcode, trainsignal, tekpub, digital tutors, & code school) that have grown our platform in immense ways. we're growing quickly and we're looking for people who are passionate about making a serious impact on technology -- and the world. we invite you to help us create the future while doing the best work of your life.need more inspiration? take a look at what others are saying on glassdoor and on social media at #wearepluralsight. check out our awards as well, or find who you know on linkedin that works at pluralsight and learn what drives their desire to make the world a better place. and it’s okay to be curious about ourbenefits- they’re one great example of our purpose-driven people programs that enable our teams to do amazing work.additional informationbe yourself. pluralsight is an equal opportunity employer. all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status.i'm interestedi'm interestedrefer a friendjob type: full-time

30+ days ago   -  save job









» apply now

            please review all application instructions before applying to pluralsight.






other jobs you may like


full-stack software engineer

hirevue -
					south jordan, ut
hirevue - 
					19 hours ago

 easily apply



senior software engineer

axians redtoo inc. -
					morrisville, nc
12 days ago

 easily apply



senior ui software engineer

evernym -
					draper, ut
30+ days ago

 easily apply



full stack lamp developer - $80k

roc -
					new york, ny
9 days ago

 easily apply



software engineer (full stack c#/.net)

pluralsight -
					south jordan, ut
14 days ago





 









                        pluralsight



7 reviews

                pluralsight proudly creates the creators of tomorrow: the people who develop the technology that lifts the human condition. we do this...



let employers find youthousands of employers search for candidates on indeedupload your resume










about - help center


©2017 indeed - cookies, privacy and terms



let employers find you  upload your resume










