instructure - software engineersoftware engineersalt lake city, utengineeringfull-timeapply for this jobinstructure was founded to define, develop, and deploy superior, easy-to-use software. (and that’s what we did / do / will keep on doing.) we are dedicated to the fight against iffy, mothbally, shoddy software. we make better, more usable tools for teaching and learning (you know, stuff people will actually use). a better connected and more open education technology ecosystem. and more effective ways for everyone everywhere to access education, make discoveries, share knowledge, be inspired, and do big things. we accomplish all this by giving smart, creative, passionate people opportunities to create awesome. so here’s your opportunity.we’re hiring engineers who are passionate about technology and education. the product team doesn't throw specs over some imaginary wall to engineering, and engineering doesn't throw code over some imaginary wall to qa. we all collaborate together.most of our work is open source, even our primary product. we are also changing how teachers and students interact, whether in small groups or with tens of thousands of students in one course. check out our online courses on canvas network. so…if you like front-end development, back-end development, or some combination of these, let's talk. there are lots of interesting, complex, and challenging problems that will leverage your skills; oh, and new things come up every day. there will be a technical interview with lots of white board action (but no silly puzzles or trick questions). we may even have you code up a simple app to demonstrate your abilities.here’s what we are looking for:front-end developers with experience developing web scale single-page web apps, ios and android apps, and/or beautiful administration apps with modern web technology.back-end developers with experience building web scale services in a loosely coupled but highly integrated system. we are a mixed stack and polyglot team with a deep commitment to quality and to using the right tech for each problem we solve.we have integrated qa, and automation qa.we use ruby, rails, javascript, node.js, postgresql, linux, and our platform runs on aws.here’s what you need to know/have: ability to solve complex problems.4+ years of professional software development experience. demonstrated experience mentoring others.strong knowledge of, and adherence to, coding best practices.ability and desire to work in an open and team-oriented environment.bs in computer science or related degree preferred.get in on all the awesome at instructure:competitive salary, equity, and 401k 100% paid medical, dental, disability, and life insurance hsa program, vision, voluntary life, and ad&d paid time off, 9 paid holidays, and flexible work schedules fitness club memberships and welbe fitness tracking fully-stocked kitchens and catered lunches imacs or macbookswe’ve always believed in hiring the most awesome people and treating them right. we know that the more diverse we are, the more diverse our ideas will be and when we openly welcome those ideas, our environment is better and our business is stronger.at instructure we participate in e-verify and yes, in case you didn't catch it from the above, we are an equal opportunity employer.apply for this jobinstructure home pagejobs powered by 