



hirevue - jobs: full-stack software engineer - apply online

























all jobs
→
full-stack software engineer

full-stack software engineer
south jordan, utah, united states · engineering

descriptionfull-stack software engineersouth jordan, utcompensation: salary + annual bonus + 401k + stock options + flexible vacation + medical + dental/vision + relocation + lots of food.we are looking for terrific software engineers who want to join our cool engineering team.hirevue is in salt lake city, utah and if you're not already here we will bring you here. we are adding multiple full-stack engineers to our inspirational software development team. we know your current team is probably effective too, but we are excited for you to meet ours.the job:we will work with: react html (jsx),  css (in js),  graphql, state of the art javascript;;  our backend is: python / django,  celery storage is:  postgres,  s3,  elastic search what you’ll be doing:hirevue builds video interview software that combines predictive, validated i/o science with artificial intelligence and allows business to augment human decision-making in the hiring process.on making a change:don’t worry about it. your current company will find someone else and we will be off singing a happy tune.you are "happy” where you are, but we know you’ll even be happier here. and all your “co-workers” will be jealous putting in their 60+ hours a week while you are building stuff, playing and doing the things you love. remember to invite your friends.the people:we have mountain bikers, road bikers, skiers / boarders (dawn patrol & resort), runners, video game heroines, movie buffs, musicians, and every other variety of people. we have family people, motivational people, happy people. you will find a friend here and like we said bring your friends too.our hiring process: you find or get sent this job ad. you read the ad and find it stimulating. it piques your interest and/or makes you want to disprove our claims. you tell us you are interested (apply, email, shout, call). we send you a link to use our awesome software and tell us more about yourself (includes coding). you come meet the team and verify all the truths (and more) written here. you tell everyone how inspired your life has become. your friends come on over and you earn a sweet referral bonus – for each one. advice:we hope you won't ignore this opportunity. you are happy, but shouldn’t you be happier? come in and check it out. worst-case scenario – you find out all the things we say are true (which you will) and you are a wonderful fit and then you don’t take our offer. don’t be scared of change. sometimes you should move on and we encourage it too. we have terrific alumni at linkedin, google, amazon and more. by the way – they still love hirevue.one more thing:don't dress up, don’t update your resume, don’t study up on algorithms and brain teasers. just feel welcome, embrace the moment and be yourself.about hirevuehirevue is revolutionizing the way companies discover, hire and develop talent with our video intelligence platform. combining predictive, validated i/o science with artificial intelligence allows businesses to help decision-making in the hiring process, delivering higher quality talent, faster.hirevue works with over 600 customers globally including leading global brands like dow jones, carnival cruise lines, intel, vodafone, urban outfitters, nike, and deloitte in over 100 countries.hirevue was named among the top 10 “america’s most promising companies” by forbes, “best place to work for millennials” by fortune, and was recognized as five-time winner of “top hr product of the year” by hr executive magazine.we are an equal opportunity employer and embrace diversity at our company. we do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.hirevue does not sponsor employees requiring a work visa at this timefor more information, visit www.hirevue.com and www.vuenation.com

apply for this job












hirevue
does not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color, religion, age, national origin, marital status, disability, veteran status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity or any other reason prohibited by law in provision of employment opportunities and benefits.

hirevue website

powered by
workable





