


urs and pehp employment -web developer














































please enable cookies to continue
please enable cookies in your browser to experience all the personalized features of this site, including the ability to apply for a job.







welcome page







returning candidate?

log back in!












web developer


location

us-ut-salt lake city

posted date

1 month ago



job id

2017-2481


category

information technology


min

usd $70,922.00/yr.


max

usd $90,426.00/yr.









about the company






utah retirement systems (urs) provides benefits for state and other utah public employees.  it has two divisions.  the retirement office administers pension and retirement savings plans.  pehp specializes in medical, dental, life, and other benefits.








job description






summary:responsible for creating, maintaining, and updating web applications for the utah retirement systems. duties and responsibilities:programs, edits, and debugs web applications.works with web team and staff develop solutions for retirement systems needs. works with web team to build new web sites, as well as manage and improve existing web sites .works with both static and interactive online forms.utilizes object oriented design with mvc and frameworks to aide in development of web applications. utilizes source control methodologies for team development environments.diagnoses, validates and fixes bugs and problems. monitors application level security logs and performs periodic application security assessments with automated tools and testing. conducts usability testing of web application to ensure reliable access of information in a convenient, efficient manner.works with application and/or mainframe programmers to develop web applications.provides support and training for web applications. receives and responds to user feedback and error reports.analyzes and updates traffic statistics and reports relevant information on a monthly basis. maintains cross-platform and cross-browser compatibility so that the web sites are compatible with a variety of different environments.participates in internet team meetings. insures that all company coding standards are met. monitors and evaluates web sites to assure compliance with company web site standards.maintains/updates sites content.researches and determines new ways to serve membership through the use of the internet.maintains strict confidentiality.performs other related duties as required.








required experience






education and experiencebachelors degree in data processing, computer science, engineering or related field; and 4 (four) years of related experience; or an equivalent combination of education and experience. knowledge, skills, and abilitiesmust have a working knowledge of web authoring tools and languages such as .net framework,  c#,  asp.net (4+), linq, sql, jquery, html, xml, javascript, ms  mvc (3+), razor, and web application security.   must have the ability to communicate with a project team and draft technical reports and documents; analyze a variety of web issues and problems and make recommendations; communicate effectively verbally and in writing; ability to follow written and verbal instructions; quickly and accurately diagnose and resolve system software problems; establish and maintain effective working relationships with professionals, vendors, department heads, co-workers and a public; and work independently and deal effectively with stress caused by work load and time deadlines. work environmentincumbent performs in a typical office setting with appropriate climate controls. tasks require a variety of physical activities which do not generally involve muscular strain, but do require activities related to walking, standing, stooping, sitting, reaching, talking, hearing and seeing. common eye, hand, finger dexterity required to perform essential functions.   





options

apply for this job onlineapplysharerefer this job to a friendrefer


sorry the share function is not working properly at this moment. please refresh the page and try again later.

share on your newsfeed




interested in this opportunity?

application faqssoftware powered by icimswww.icims.com









