


careers @ arup laboratories: my jobs













careers home
my application
my jobs
browse jobs











						        when applying for positions, please use internet explorer.
						    

job details























requisition number
17-1290


post date
12/8/2017


title
it software programmer iv


flsa status
exempt


position type
information technology




work hours
8:00 am - 5:00 pm


work schedule
monday - friday (40 hrs/wk)


department
informatics development - 935


city
salt lake city


state
ut


description

a leading contributor to software development projects. performs software programming along with other software development lifecycle activities (requirements, design, test, documentation, 2nd and 3rd level support). has extensive experience and is an expert
 at basic programming concepts within standard architectural patterns. has experience with and is proficient with more advanced architectural patterns (mvc, mvp, mvvm), service oriented architecture, solid programming concepts, and application security. helps
 establish arup software practices. usually relies on experience and judgment to plan and accomplish goals. may lead and direct the work of others.



requirements

minimum requirements:

associate’s degree (or higher) in a software related field and six years of programming experience
or

seven years of programming experience 
demonstrate expertise at web application programming, including superior skills in three or more of the following languages/technologies/techniques as required by project assignments:

c#.net, asp.net, css, jquery, mvc, ssis, sql, wcf 

physical and other requirements:

stooping: bending body downward and forward by bending spine at the waist. reaching: extending hand(s) and arm(s) in any direction. mobility: the person in this position needs to occasionally move between work sites and inside the office to access file cabinets, office machinery, etc.
communicate: frequently and effectively communicate with others. ppe: biohazard laboratory environment that requires use of personal protective equipment in accordance with cdc and osha regulations and company policies.
arup policies and procedures: to conduct self in compliance with all arup policies and procedures.
authorized to work: must be a citizen of the united states or authorized to work in the united states.
sedentary work: exerting up to 10 pounds of force occasionally and/or negligible amount of force frequently or constantly to lift, carry, push, pull or otherwise move objects, including the human body. 
english: ability to speak, read, and comprehend the english language. fine motor control: picking, pinching, typing or otherwise working, primarily with fingers rather than with the whole hand as in handling.
vision: having close, far, and peripheral visual acuity to perform a variety of tasks such as make general observations of depth and distance.






equal opportunity employer/protected veterans/individuals with disabilities.please view equal employment opportunity posters provided by ofccp 
here.the contractor will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. however, employees who have access
 to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure
 is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the contractor's legal duty to furnish information. 41
 cfr 60-1.35(c)




apply on-line



send this job to a friend









©  arup laboratories. all rights reserved





