


        full stack engineer -        ubnt -         job board
    

























 






view our website



view all jobs















ubiquiti networks is a next-generation communications technology company founded and led by robert pera. ubiquiti has a unique business model that emphasizes r&d and eschews traditional marketing in an effort to produce high performance equipment at disruptive prices.  the result is an attractive alternative to traditional high touch, high-cost providers.  ubiquiti consists of three principal divisions: its service provider division, which seeks to close the digital divide by producing carrier-class long-haul wireless networking equipment at highly disruptive prices; its enterprise division, which seeks to democratize enterprise-class networking equipment such that it is accessible to small and medium size businesses; and the recently established ubiquiti labs, which produces innovative tech solutions for the consumer market.our products have a fanatic user base and are widely used in both developed and developing countries throughout the world.as a public company, we can and do offer great pay, perks, and benefits. ubiquiti has offices around the world.  learn more about us at ubnt.com.  



full stack engineer


draper, ut                    

part time to full time                

engineering & it                    

entry level                


















ubiquiti networks is a next generation communications technology company founded in 2005. we design and manufacture disruptive technology platforms. our products are widely used in both developed and developing countries throughout the world. our technology platforms such as airmax, airfiber, edgemax and unifi focus provide an unparalleled user experience combined with industry-leading performance.
the position:
the ubiquiti utah office is looking for full stack developers who share our passion for innovation and technology and desire to do something extraordinary. this position will create innovative software for developing hardware and cooperate with our labs from different countries around the globe. we expect you to bring your experience, enthusiasm and creativity wherever you go and put them in the work you do. you should be able to think out of the box when finding solutions to brand new problems and make things work when the solution is not straightforward.
responsibilities:

work with a team of other developers in an agile environment
willingness to learn new things on a regular basis
ability to give and receive constructive criticism

knowledge and experience:

extensive experience of coding in javascript (including es6)
experience of using react, redux, angularjs, serverless, hapi, or other popular javascript frameworks
experience in using cloud hosting services (aws, heroku)
experience in apache tomcat, java, python, and node.js
knowledge of git, webpack and babel
knowledge of linux/unix

benefits

kitchen packed with food/snacks and drinks
free lunches (yes, there is such a thing)
flexible working hours
informal startup atmosphere filled with excitement
team building activities
generous budget to select your work station according to your preferences
competitive salary and no tracked pto
discretionary bonuses based on individual performance
newest web technologies, agile environment, rapid prototyping and experimenting with hw prototypes

 

read more



apply for position








            apply for this position        
required*



apply with linkedin







apply with indeed









first name*



last name*



email address*



address
















phone*



resume*

attach resume
                    or
                    paste resume



                        attach resume as .pdf, .doc, or .docx (limit 2mb) or
                        paste resume


 




                            paste your resume here or
                            attach resume file









cover letter*



website, blog or portfolio:



in 150 characters or fewer, tell us what makes you unique. try to be creative and say something that will catch our eye!*

150


references: please enter names and contact information:



do you have an interest in information technology products?
 

do you have an interest in telecommunications?
 

why did you leave your previous company (or why are you leaving your current company)?
 

what was your previous team like? what projects did you work on? have you managed anyone before?
 

what are you looking for in your next opportunity?
 

are you a visual designer? what kinds of projects have you done?
 

do you do user flows and/or wireframes? how?
 

have you ever written software product requirements? how?
 

have you ever done user research or usability testing? how?
 

have you ever done front-end development? how?
 

where do you find your inspiration?
 

what difficult problems have you solved? how?
 

have you designed for mobile? what did you have to consider?
 

talk about an app that you think has a great user experience or visual design and why.
 

have you worked in an agile environment before? how?
 

what productivity tools do you use? how do you stay on track?
 

human check*











submit application














×close
forward this position





recipient email address (one)



your name



your email address



enter a message (optional)
the message cannot contain links




human check*




















powered by















