



teem - jobs: web developer - apply online

























all jobs
→
web developer

web developer
salt lake city, utah, united states · engineering

descriptionwork shouldn’t suck! ever had trouble scheduling a meeting? fought someone for a conference room? been forced out of a conference room before the end of an important meeting? come be part of the company solving all these problems. teem helps innovative, busy organizations maintain efficient and happy workplaces by reducing conflict over meeting scheduling and conference room space while improving the interaction between workers and their workplace. our cloud-based platform combines eye-catching conference room displays, detailed space use analytics, and easy-to-use scheduling functionality that makes meeting room management easy for thousands of the most innovative companies around the world, including airbnb, mozilla, uber and disney. if you are smart and eager software developer with a track record of getting things done and a passion for building great products, you would be a great fit on our development team. you should be able to hit the ground running and to be able to take ownership of projects. we have a very fast paced, fun, and engaging opportunity waiting for you at teem!requirementsyou’re a great fit if you... enjoy working with cool technology including aws, mobile apps, ibeacons, sensors (and more) are intellectually curious about technology and passionate about learning new things enjoy mentoring and as well as learning from other team members are skilled at diving into code to find and fix issues, add new features and improve performance work well and communicate well with others (including those pesky sales guys) do well at understanding business needs and creating solutions to meet those needs are process oriented and are comfortable following an agile software methodology know how to build high quality software and take ownership and fix any mistakes you might make along the way  and have these qualifications... back-end: proficient in node.js, java, python and/or .net front-end: experienced in html, css and javascript with angular, ember or react a plus experience: 2+ years experience in software development education: degree in computer science or related or equivalent work experience database: sql experience (specifically postgres) experience a plus cloud: experience writing for and deploying to aws leveraging microservices a plus tools: jira, git, slack location: salt lake city, utah (local applicants only please) benefitsbring your passion for amazing products and being part of building an amazing company and we’ll provide sweet things like a competitive salary, 401k / hsa matching, attractive health insurance including an 100% covered option, unlimited pto, company provided uta transportation / downtown parking, and of course, free food and drinks (plus we have a slide).

apply for this job











teem website

powered by
workable





