



kuali - jobs: software engineer - kuali enrollment - apply online

























all jobs
→
software engineer - kuali enrollment

software engineer - kuali enrollment
lehi, utah, united states · student · stu

descriptionkuali builds open source higher ed solutions in a competitive space where users are just waiting to be delighted.why join us? our work matters — we’re helping our customers improve the quality of education by decreasing administrative costs. we compete in a competitive space where users are saddled with outdated, inefficient, legacy erps and eager to be delighted. we’re generating revenue and growing quickly with nearly 150 customers and 50 employees. you’ll have a significant impact on what we do and how we do it because we are an empowered group of entrepreneurs. plus, you’ll get to work with some truly amazing people at a fast-growing, design-centric edtech startup.kuali is committed to open source software development funded by saas revenue and development projects. if you’re looking to make your fortune off a quick flip with no business model, you’d be happier someplace else. the kuali community recently celebrated its 10 year anniversary, and the participating colleges & universities are rooting for us to deliver something amazing with the next generation of kuali products.we offer a truly exceptional benefits package including full premium coverage for employee and dependent medical and dental care. we offer 401(k) matching, employee profit sharing and all the paid-time off that you need (just work it out with your manager).if these company values appeal to you, we should talk: deliver amazing experiences cultivate openness iterate to evolve act with accountability assume the best practice humility requirementsyou’re curious. you solve problems. you execute. you advocate for the customer. you produce value.our engineers are equally interested in creating new functionality and refactoring old code because they care about solving problems for customers. they’re all architects and scientists, spending time learning new technologies and also inventing new ideas. they spend time honing their craft and teaching one another.currently, our tech stack is react and node, but we have applications written in java and rails too. you might know java, or rails, or .net, or node, or haskell. we don’t care. great developers can learn new tools.you’re one part architect, one part execution machine, one part customer advocate, and one part learner.our products help universities and colleges manage their administrative business so they can focus on their mission of teaching and learning. products you will support include things like student registration and planning, financial aid and scholarships, financials, hr, research administration, and continuity planning. our software replaces cumbersome legacy systems built by big erp companies. we’re a young company so you’ll also have plenty of opportunity to help shape organizational culture and processes.what you’ll be responsible for… helping set architectural direction for our services architecture. creating elegant code. building relationships with customers to develop a deep understanding of their needs. supporting critical bugs and security issues in a devops role. advocating passionately for customer priorities during product development. creating amazing software and services. talking and listening to customers (and other developers) about their challenges, hopes, and dreams. desired skills and experienceabout you: you’ve worked on multiple production-grade web applications. you code better than most. you care about the quality of your code. you care about user experience and also about the backend. you’re well versed in at least one programming language, but preferably several. you’re versatile. you know when to dream big and when to act small. you’re equally comfortable in both greenfield and refactoring projects. you’re a collaborator. you build great relationships with other engineers, customers, and our open source communities. you’re inspired to achieve results, and your enthusiasm is contagious. you’re passionate about your role in helping clients and other developers achieve their missions, and you advocate for them fiercely. you’re curious and continuously seek knowledge and share your discoveries with others. you know how to influence and serve. you understand the complexity of large enterprise applications. you’ve used agile methodologies and have ideas on how you’d improve them. you’re into continuous delivery and devops. if you have some of these too we’ll be delighted: you have experience with the higher education community. you’ve shipped software as a service (saas) products. you've worked with a microservices architecture. you’ve been through incremental refactoring efforts. you’ve worked on mobile apps. benefitsautonomyprofit sharing401k matching (up to 4% of your salary)full health premiums for you + dependentstake the pto you needtechnology and training allowances

apply for this job












kuali
does not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color, religion, age, national origin, marital status, disability, veteran status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity or any other reason prohibited by law in provision of employment opportunities and benefits.

kuali website

powered by
workable





