


careers @ arup laboratories: my jobs













careers home
my application
my jobs
browse jobs











						        when applying for positions, please use internet explorer.
						    

job details























requisition number
17-1182


post date
11/8/2017


title
software programmer iii


flsa status
exempt


position type
information technology




work hours
8:00 am - 5:00 pm


work schedule
monday - friday (40 hrs/wk)


department
interface development - 223


city
salt lake city


state
ut


description

a major contributor to software development projects. performs software programming along with other software development lifecycle activities (requirements, design, test, documentation,
 2nd and 3rd level support). has experience and is proficient with basic programming concepts within standard architectural patterns. has limited experience with more advanced architectural patterns (mvc, mvp, mvvm), service oriented architecture, solid programming
 concepts, and application security. generally relies on instructions and guidance from senior project team members and from direct supervisors but may also rely on experience and judgment to plan and accomplish goals.



requirements

minimum requirements:

associate’s degree (or higher) in a related field and four years of  programming experience,

or six years of programming experience 
demonstrate competency with programming, including proficient skills in two or more of the following development languages/technologies:

vb.net, c#.net, asp.net, jquery, java scripting, java, sql 

physical and other requirements:

stooping: bending body downward and forward by bending spine at the waist. reaching: extending hand(s) and arm(s) in any direction. mobility: the person in this position needs to occasionally move between work sites and inside the office to access file cabinets, office machinery, etc.
communicate: frequently communicate with others. ppe: biohazard laboratory environment that requires use of personal protective equipment in accordance with cdc and osha regulations and company policies.
arup policies and procedures: to conduct self in compliance with all arup policies and procedures.
authorized to work: must be a citizen of the united states or authorized to work in the united states.
sedentary work: exerting up to 10 pounds of force occasionally and/or negligible amount of force frequently or constantly to lift, carry, push, pull or otherwise move objects, including the human body. 
english: ability to speak, read, and comprehend the english language. fine motor control: picking, pinching, typing or otherwise working, primarily with fingers rather than with the whole hand as in handling.
vision: having close, far, and peripheral visual acuity to perform a variety of tasks such as make general observations of depth and distance.






equal opportunity employer/protected veterans/individuals with disabilities.please view equal employment opportunity posters provided by ofccp 
here.the contractor will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. however, employees who have access
 to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure
 is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the contractor's legal duty to furnish information. 41
 cfr 60-1.35(c)




apply on-line



send this job to a friend









©  arup laboratories. all rights reserved





