
 


state of utah


skip to main content



job opportunities













job #:

							14080
						


job title:

							it analyst ii / java developer
						


opening date/time:

								
									 
									mon. 11/27/17 12:00 am mountain time 
							


closing date/time:

								
									 
									mon. 01/15/18 11:59 pm mountain time 
							


salary:

	$25.29 - $40.11 hourly



job type:

								full time
							


location:

								salt lake county, utah
							


department:

								110 department of technology service
							


number of openings:

								1 
							


benefits:

								this position is eligible for a full benefits package including medical, dental, life, and long-term disability insurance, a retirement plan, plus paid leave to include annual, sick, and holiday pay.  the state requires employees to receive their pay through direct deposit.  if selected, you will receive more information about these benefit options and enrollment information through our onboarding process and during your first week or two on the job. 
							


criminal background check:

								you must successfully pass a criminal history check. 
							


physical address:

								state office building
350 no state street
salt lake city, utah 
							


recruiter name:

								kris haslam 
							


recruiter telephone number:

								801-537-9104 
							


recruiter email address:

								khaslam@utah.gov 
							


overtime exempt:

								no 
							


schedule code:

								at - executive/professional employees of technology services - at will:  employees in this position serve at the pleasure of the appointing officer in an at will status and may be terminated at any time without cause.  this is not a career service position. 
							


eeo statement:

								the state of utah is an equal opportunity employer. hiring is done without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age or disability. reasonable accommodations provided to known disabilities of individuals in compliance with the americans with disabilities act. for accommodation information or if you need special accommodations to complete the application process, contact the dept. of human resource mgmt. at 801-538-3025 or tty 801-538-3696. 
							



 



print job information |
					
						apply
					
				 
			






job description 
benefits 
supplemental questions

 





are you a talented java developer who is a self starter and wants to work with the latest and greatest technology?  then the department of technology services (dts) wants you to be part of our team.  principal duties: performs competent intermediate systems development, analysis, requirements definition / interpretation, process and system design document systems or programming actions from initial design through ongoing maintenance and ultimately to problem resolutionthe ideal candidatethe best candidate will have /be able to: 2+ years experience in java and html and exposure to css and java script knowledge and a competent level of expertise and experience in application development and design experience and/or exposure to spring framework maintain serviceable code in a source code repositorythe developer will also anticipate the impact that new or modified software will have on existing standards and systems as well as provides technical assistance on agency issues, services, program(s), and/or computer hardware and software, etc. they also discuss requirements with end users and provide software suggestions and recommendations to help them understand potential limitations and challenges.  the developer also creates test plans for unit testing software implementations.why join our team?this is an opportunity to make a difference in dts along with the satisfaction of working with the latest and greatest technology. you will receive great health and retirement benefits, such as, generous paid time off so you can spend more time with your family, flexible work schedules as well as telecommuting options so you have a positive work life balance. click here to view a summary of all the benefits we offer.the agency:to learn more about the department of technology services please click here for a short video. 



									 typical qualifications:
								


 maintain serviceable code in a source code repository experience and/or exposure to spring framework, hibernate/ibatis is a plus experience with react a plus experience with ajax, jquery, sql, is a plus use computer relational database software – experience with using oracle, sybase, and/or microsoft sql server is a plus unix shell scripting a plus utilize build process and maintain project object model(s) using maven build management coordinate system requirements with users, business analyst(s) and team lead(s) should demonstrate clear understanding of sdlc process and principles, theories, and practices of computer science test software using appropriate methodology and techniques plan, organize and prioritize time and workload in order to accomplish tasks and meet deadlines



									 supplemental information:
								


 you must pass a background check and a drug screening. risks found in the typical office setting, which is adequately lighted, heated and ventilated, e.g., safe use of office equipment, avoiding trips and falls, observing fire regulations, etc. typically, the employee may sit comfortably to perform the work; however, there may be some walking; standing; bending; carrying light items; driving an automobile, etc. special physical demands are not required to perform the work.


 










