





career opportunities








software developer


location:
san antonio, tx


# of openings:
1



description
job title:    software developer
location:    san antonio, tx
travel requirements:     travel to other axios locations or customer sites as necessary
description
axios, a wholly owned subsidiary of lgs innovations, is seeking a    software developer for our san antonio, tx location.
in this position you will work under    general direction serve as a    software development expert and advise multiple development teams on technical development tasks and strategy.
axios, a wholly owned subsidiary of lgs innovations, is dedicated to protecting america from harm by supporting the missions of the department of defense and its intelligence community partners. with a highly educated and experienced team, axios designs, develops, delivers, and operates leading-edge processing solutions and products in the fields of communications, digital signal processing, software, network engineering, system engineering, and system integration. axios puts a strong emphasis on innovation, agility, honesty, trustworthiness, and teamwork, and offers mission-focused technological innovation to address critical needs in the areas of rf communications, mission operations, frameworks and open processing architectures, software defined radio, and tactical programs.
headquartered in dulles, virginia, axios provides mission-focused support across several u.s. and overseas locations. we provide our employees with competitive compensation packages and a full range of benefits, including vacation, medical, dental, life insurance, a 401(k) plan, tuition assistance, employee assistance program (eap), and paid parental leave.
roles and responsibilities:

develop custom software which creates effects based on government/stakeholder requirements
refine pre-existing code into production grade software based on government/stakeholder requirements
identify vulnerabilities in software and hardware coding
analyze and reverse engineer software and hardware based on government/stakeholder requirements
develop tools to detect, analyze and neutralize malicious logic traveling through the global information grid
develop software utilities that assist in managing network resources
develop tools to capture, analyze and neutralize network and host-based attack methodologies and unknown vulnerabilities
document all phases of software development throughout the lifecycle
review and coordinate documentation with government/stakeholders for software developed
research and document technologies identified by the government
provide developed capability demonstrations
travel to other lgs locations or customer sites as necessary 
understand and adhere to all lgs ethical and compliance policies 
proactively ensure a safe work environment and adhere to lgs eh&s policies and procedures
perform other duties as required
if required, obtain/retain a government security clearance at the level to perform the job 

qualifications
basic qualifications:
to be considered for this position, you must minimally meet the knowledge, skills, and abilities listed below:

bachelor’s degree in electrical engineering, computer science or related field and 4-6 years of related experience or a combination of education, skills, and experience
knowledge of microsoft software applications and other software applications as required
active dod ts/sci clearance
5+ years technical leadership experience
demonstrated software development experience in cyber
coding languages such as c, c++, java, c#
scripting languages such as python, powershell, etc.
assembly such as x86, x86_64, arm
windows or linux kernel level development
agile development experience, certifications preferable
experience developing and normalizing software development standards and practices across multiple development teams.

for a listing of all lgs innovations and axios open positions, please visit our website at http://www.lgsinnovations.com/careers.
equal opportunity employer/veterans/disabled
www.dhs.gov/e-verify
e-verify® is a registered trademark of the u.s. department of homeland security.
this business uses e-verify in its hiring practices to achieve a lawful workforce.

























previous applicants:


email:





password:





if you do not remember your password click here.




back to search results


new search








