


rackspace jobs/careers - java software developer - vmware in san antonio, texas, united states


































































are you a racker?
locations
culture
benefits
stories
jobs





join us!










view all jobs





are you a racker?locationsculturebenefitsstoriesjobs










								are you a racker?
							








								always ready, always accountable, always helpful 
							







being a racker means thinking about support in new and different ways. major hayden, principal architect, talks about how rackspace has redefined service.
read more












								are you a racker?
							








								serious about your work, but don't take yourself too seriously
							







delivering results-obsessed customer service in a highly technical, competitive industry is serious business. rackers also enjoy cutting up and having a good time together.
read more












								are you a racker?
							








								a cloud enthusiast with a heart for service
							







rackers are experts at building great products for our customers.  egle sigler, who is a principal engineer and rackspace board of director for openstack, shares how rackspace helps her tap into her passion for technology and service to deliver her best for customers.
read more












								are you a racker?
							








								dedicated to making a positive impact
							







tony campbell, learning and development director, shares that finding opportunities to make things better for our customers and industry drives rackers to excel.
read more












								are you a racker?
							








								committed to learning, growing & innovating
							







distinguished engineer and lead architect for open compute, aaron sullivan, explains that at rackspace innovation makes technology useful in really natural ways.
read more












								are you a racker?
							








								mission inspired, values grounded, culture focused
							







courtney skarda, vp of racker experience shares how rackers bring their strengths and true, authentic selves to work every day to achieve our mission.
read more









		rackspace one of best workplaces for millennials     read more





		connect: 
		











            
                
                    rackspace jobs/careers
                
            
        






where

city, state, country


what

job title, keywords











home

            view all jobs
            
(229)












rackspace


java software developer - vmware in
            
san antonio, texas








job overview
overview & responsibilities
opportunity in san antonio or austin, tx
rackspace is a leading managed services provider for cloud and hosting solutions based on vmware technologies with more than a decade’s worth of vmware operational expertise gained from operating thousands of virtual machines and hypervisors on a global scale. this is one of the biggest market opportunities and a growing business for rackspace. this division is also one of the largest businesses within rackspace with aggressive goals to grow the business further.
as a vmware software engineer at rackspace, you will contribute to our hosting and cloud products powered by vmware technologies. you will have a great opportunity to grow your career working on some of the latest and greatest vmware technologies, including compute, storage and network virtualization, software-defined datacenter, cloud orchestration and automation, and more. develop products to help transform thousands of customers from their on-premise it infrastructure into a hybrid cloud journey by working alongside rackspace architects, engineers, support, as well as our vmware partners.
do you love technology? do you want a job that will allow you to have an influence in the future of traditional it customers to grow into the hybrid cloud world? do you want to grow your career in one of the hottest areas of managed hosting and cloud solutions? join us in a job you will love, as a vmware software engineer at rackspace!
qualifications
technologies we use in this job:
software engineers on the vmware team code in java, python and grails.  we also use message bus technologies and postgres.  if you are comfortable with 60% of these technologies and love to learn, don't hesitate to reach out!
vmware software engineer experience/education requirements:

bachelor’s degree in a technology related field required, plus 5 years of experience in software development, engineering, testing, or a related field.
knowledge of virtualization.
solid software engineering fundamentals gained through training, course work or relevant experience.

#li-lm2

techind

req # 35800
location(s) us-tx-san antonio
category software development, vmware









apply now





apply now


share















current search criteria




              java software developer - vmware
            



              san antonio
            



              texas
            

clear all















are you a racker?locationsculturebenefitsstories





rackspace is committed to offering equal employment opportunity without regard to age, color, disability, gender, gender identity, genetic information, marital status, status, military status, national origin, race, religion, sexual orientation, veteran status, or any other legally protected characteristic.

about rackspace  |  investors  |  careers  |  privacy statement  |  website terms  |  trademarks  |  sitemap




























