





software engineer - san antonio, tx - globalscape jobs









 














home
jobs




software engineer - san antonio, tx

toggle navigation








software engineer 

jobslogin 











 000600 - engineering management san antonio, tx, usa salary full time 

 medical, dental, vision, 401k and more..........


email me similar jobs email me this job



at globalscape, we build commercial software solutions that help enterprise customers worldwide securely transfer files and automate file-based workflows. we are currently seeking a qualified, self-motivated individual to join the team as a software engineer to design and develop our software applications and utilities currently developed in visual studio with c# and c++.
 
responsibilities: 
 
 analysis of requirements / user stories
 designing changes to existing/new code 
 code and test programming for commercial applications and utilities using visual studio 
 adhere to pragmatic, effective coding and testing standards when delivering code
 debug code for existing program, supporting customer deployments as needed
 clearly and regularly communicate with management and developer/qa colleagues 
 
qualifications: 
 
 at least 3-5 years developing in the following languages/areas: 
   o c++
   o c#.net with emphasis on interoperability (com)
   o object oriented programming using design patterns 
 
"globaslcape prohibits discrimination, harassment and retaliation as described in this section. the company will extend equal employment and advancement opportunities to all qualified individuals regardless of their race, color, religion, age (40 and over), sex, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity,  pregnancy, disability, national origin, ethnic background, genetic information (including of a family member), military service, and/or citizenship, or any other classification protected by applicable local, state or federal law."
 

globalscape
https://globalscape.applicantpro.com






apply now



you have javascript disabled on your browser. you will not be able to apply for this position without enabling javascript. if you need assistance with enabling javascript, please click here for assistance.





 

* fields are required




what is your full name?




first name



last name





how can we contact you?


email





phone number



number type

home
cell
work






what is your preferred method of communication?


email
text message






apply for this position
apply for this position
by clicking the button above, i agree to applicantpro's applicant information use policy. 






sign up for job alerts!








resources


careers homeglobalscape website 


share this page







 


 


hiring software maintained by applicantpro - © 2017



refresh




 
 
 
 







go
common questions


























