

texas a&m university - san antonio employment site : posting details




















skip to main content













home


search postings


create application


login







                    texas a&m - san antonio home page

        




                    benefits

        




                    annual security report

        





posting details


return to search results



printer-friendly version











if you need to edit your application information before applying for a position, please login and click on the 'manage applications' link on the navigation bar to the left.  you will not be allowed to change your application information after you have applied for a position.











posting details










posting number:




	            		0601143
		            
	            		 
				
            






job title:




	            		web application developer i
		            
	            		 
				
            






flsa:




	            		exempt
		            
	            		 
				
            






position type:




	            		staff
		            
	            		 
				
            






duration of position:




	            		full time
		            
	            		 
				
            






work location:




	            		san antonio, texas
		            
	            		 
				
            






department:




	            		office of the associate vice provost
		            
	            		 
				
            






pay rate:




	            		$46,763
		            
	            		 
				
            






job summary/basic function:




	            		under general direction, this position develops new and current web functionality and applications for academic affairs, institutional effectiveness, and institutional research. provides support and maintenance on the new and current applications. gathers requirements from university departments, faculty, and staff. ensures all web functions are accessibility compliant. incorporates responsive web design and technology into all site development. supports web development using revision control software.
		            
	            		 
				
            






work hours:




	            		typically works monday-friday; 8 a.m.-5 p.m. may work beyond normal office hours to include evening and/or weekend hours.
		            
	            		 
				
            






special instructions to applicants:




	            		texas a&m university-san antonio (tamu-sa) is a new comprehensive university in the established texas a&m university system serving students from a culturally diverse and largely non-traditional population. the university was created to address the educational needs in south san antonio and surrounding areas. the current enrollment is approximately 6,500. selected candidates must pass a pre-employment background investigation and degree verification (if required) to be hired for this position.the above duties may not be performed in every position with this title and the above functions may not include all related duties that might be performed. this position requires physical activities supportive of the above job duties. reasonable accommodations will be made as necessary.if you are a male age 18 through 25, you must be properly registered with the selective service system to be eligible for hire.texas a&m-san antonio is an equal opportunity/affirmative action/veterans/disability employer  committed to provide equal employment opportunity to all persons regardless of race, color, sex, religion, national origin, age, disability, genetic information, veteran status, sexual orientation or gender identity.

	            		 
				
            






posting date:




	            		11-17-2017
		            
	            		 
				
            






closing date:




				
		 					open until filled
		 		
            






quicklink for posting:




	            		employment.tamusahr.com/applicants/central?quickfind=52041
		            
	            		 
				
            






job duties




5 
        records
    





 
        percent of total time:
        
      
 
        responsibility / duty:
        
      
 
        is this function essential?
        
      





                    40
        

develops new web functionality/applications: gathers and analyzes requirements from university departments, faculty, and staff; develops locally-created tools that facilitate the use of the university website, including plan, research, code, test, and deploy; provides support and maintenance on the new applications; serves as point for new application and/or update launches; ensures all new web functions are accessibility compliant; incorporates responsive web design and technology into all site development


                    yes
        



                    25
        

maintains current web functionality/applications: corrects arising issues within web functionality/applications as needed; enhances web functionality/applications through regular communication with university personnel; provides support and maintenance on all current functionality/applications


                    yes
        



                    20
        

provides instruction and troubleshooting to faculty, staff, and students; performs usability and user-experience testing


                    yes
        



                    10
        

researches and implements new web technologies as deemed appropriate in the effort to improve and enhance the university's web presence


                    yes
        



                    5
        

performs other duties as assigned.


                    yes
        






qualifications



education










necessary qualifications:




	            		bachelor's degree in computer information systems, computer science, or closely related field.
		            
	            		 
				
            






preferred qualifications:





	            		 
				
            





 



experience










necessary qualifications:




	            		two years of experience in web development/programming with relational databases to produce dynamic web-based applications
		            
	            		 
				
            






preferred qualifications:





	            		 
				
            





 



other requirements or other factors










other qualifications for posting:




necessary experience with asp/asp.net (or similar language), sql server (or similar), ms server 2008/iis 7, javascript, ajax, jquery, json, xml, html, css, scss. experience with debugging web including chrome/android and mobile safari. ability to work cooperatively with others and provide excellent customer service to students, employees, and the community. ability to multi task.
		            
	            		 
				
            





 


documents


return to search results









if you need to edit your application information before applying for a position, please login and click on the 'manage applications' link on the navigation bar to the left.  you will not be allowed to change your application information after you have applied for a position.









texas a&m-san antonio is an equal opportunity/affirmative action/veterans/disability employer committed to provide equal employment opportunity to all persons regardless of race, color, sex, religion, national origin, age, disability, genetic information, veteran status, sexual orientation or gender identity.for additional support, please visit http://peopleadminsupport.com/5-8/







