


visionworks (formerly eye care centers of america) job postings


















					
					.net developer - (lm22269)
				




									job requisition id:
								

									lm22269
								



								job title:
							

								
								.net developer 
							



									job type:
								

									full-time
								



								location:
							

								san antonio, tx 
							



									post date:
								

									09/01/2017
								





























 



job description:


the hvhc family is a quickly growing corporation with the opportunities you need to excel in your career. headquartered in san antonio, texas, hvhc inc. and its affiliates, visionworks and davis vision, make up one of the largest vertically integrated optical companies in the united states and are leaders in integrated vision care solutions. at hvhc, every employee strives to create the best possible customer experience, from on-trend fashions to state-of-the-art eye care. 
 
join our team and be a part of our company mission to lead the industry with the most frames, the right prices, and the best people.
 
hvhc is currently hiring for a top notch individual to office in san antonio, texas for the position of .net developer.  the developer will analyze business requirements, develop a design plan, translate plan into program specifications (or a manual process), code, test, and coordinate implementation.  
 
summary of responsibilities:
·       work with internal associates to identify business challenges and opportunities for improvement. 
·       develop work plans for assigned projects. 
·       new and existing software maintenance. 
·       translate requirements into programming specifications. 
·       code and test program changes, created or installed.
 
education:
·       preferred bachelor's degree in computer science or related field or equivalent combination or experience and education
 
experience & background:
·       three (3) plus years of n-tiered application development experience on the microsoft platform 
·       experience with web and/or win forms 
·       must be highly proficient in c# and productive within the standard visual studio ide and source control environment 
·       strong oo analysis and design skills 
·       experience with sql server integration with the middle tier 
·       strong transact sql, database modeling and database optimization skills 
·       experience with soa and .net remoting services technology preferred
·       experience with ssis a plus
 
if you are prohibited from working on a government contract, this may disqualify you from consideration for this position.
 
hvhc provides equal employment opportunities (eeo) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religious beliefs, sex, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, national origin, ancestry, physical or mental disability or history of disability, genetic information, status as a protected veteran or disabled veteran, or any other status protected by federal, state or local law. 













