


        software engineer (frontend) -        liquid web -         job board
    

























 






view our website



view all jobs















liquid web career opportunitieswidely recognized among the hosting industry for exceptional 24/7/365 on-site support as well as innovative products and services, liquid web has been the subject of kudos from a number of high profile publications, such as gigaom and zdnet, as well as being recognized by inc magazine as one of the united states’ fastest growing companies for over half a decade.  this growth has allowed us the ability to bolster our reputation for great service by rewarding our employees as well as allowing us to add great new team members to the fold.we currently employ over 300 on-site staff who work together to provide our clients with the best experience possible. we call this heroic support®. and it’s not only a marketing slogan, it’s the way we do business.  we realize that to extend our customers an optimal hosting environment, we need to start by offering the technicians that will be serving them a great work environment. that is why we go above and beyond to offer a comprehensive benefit package that includes health, dental, short and long-term disability coverage, and paid time off. we also have flexible scheduling, casual dress, free friday lunches, and free soda! not to mention our company-sponsored trips to theme parks, music festivals, sporting events, movies and much more.we are looking for talented individuals to help us expand every day.  check out our open positions and see if there is anything available that’s right for you! 



software engineer (frontend)


san antonio, tx                    

full time                

development                    

mid level                


















the frontend software engineer will apply modern software engineering practices and state-of-the-art technology to create and maintain a world class web ui pipeline, and top-notch developer workflow. you’ll work with product and design to make beautiful, responsive, user-friendly web application interfaces for multiple web-sites deployed in countries all over the world. you’ll need to be comfortable making a webview match a mock-up, and iterating on visual design. and most important, you’ll need to take pride in the quality of your code, the work it takes to make great software, and the value delivered to the end-user.
 
knowledge, skills and abilities:

proficient in pure javascript (es6) with a deep understanding and appreciation for the language.
experienced with html(5), working with the dom, writing maintainable css (i.e. sass).
comfortable working with nodejs + npm toolchain, writing tests with web unit test frameworks, and building production-ready web artifacts with modern web build systems.
experienced in integrating web applications with rest apis, with a deep understanding of http protocol and best practices.
experienced with modern software engineering practices (ci/cd), delivering enterprise-grade web / user-interfaces to production (cloud / cdn).
capable of trouble-shooting and debugging client-side (in-browser) issues across multiple web browsers / devices.
understand the big picture, and trouble-shoot issues further down the stack from the client-side ui (load balancer / rest api / services / databases, etc.).
have experience building web-sites deployed globally, in multiple languages, with many users.
experienced at building feature-rich, single-page / client-side-mvc web applications using modern frameworks (angularjs, reactjs, extjs, aurelia, or other similar frameworks).
comfortable in multiple languages. some of our favorites are: python, go, ruby, perl.

 
location:
our engineering teams are distributed between our ann arbor, mi and san antonio, tx locations. successful candidates can live/work in one of these locations.
 
about us…
in this age of technology, we give you more than just the best and widest choice of hosting products. we give you the most helpful humans in hosting. we believe the more you need technology to fuel your business, the more you need expert, caring people to be there for you.
liquid web is the market leader in managed hosting services to smbs and web professionals. we are all the managed hosting you will ever need. whether you need the simple elasticity of our paas offering, tried-and-true dedicated servers, the fastest vps in the industry or managed wordpress, we’ve designed our product portfolio to allow you to choose the hosting product that will best serve your project. you can count on reliability and have the flexibility to run what you like, how you like it. there are no limits here.   
 
join our team and enjoy the following benefits:

a collaborative team culture
relaxed environment
flexible work-life-balance
access to ongoing training and employee assistance programs


read more



apply for position








            apply for this position        
required*



apply with linkedin







apply with indeed









first name*



last name*



email address*



address
















phone*



resume*

attach resume
                    or
                    paste resume



                        attach resume as .pdf, .doc, or .docx (limit 2mb) or
                        paste resume


 




                            paste your resume here or
                            attach resume file









cover letter*



who referred you to this position?



what's your citizenship / employment eligibility?*
no answeri am a u.s. citizen/permanent residentnon-citizen allowed to work for any employernon-citizen allowed to work for current employernon-citizen seeking work authorizationi am a canadian citizen/permanent residentother 

linkedin profile url:



twitter



website, blog or portfolio:



desired salary*



earliest start date?



have you ever been convicted of a felony?*
no answernoyes 

if “yes”, you have been convicted of a felony, please explain the circumstances around the conviction:



in 150 characters or fewer, tell us what makes you unique. try to be creative and say something that will catch our eye!*

150



submit application














×close
forward this position





recipient email address (one)



your name



your email address



enter a message (optional)
the message cannot contain links




human check*




















powered by















