





.net developer





























































            .net developer        









 return to job opportunitiesjob detailslevel experiencedjob location san antonio - san antonio, txposition type full timeeducation level bachelor's degreedescription premier is accepting applications for a .net developer located in san antonio, tx.
the .net developer will design, implement, develop, and maintain complex applications that meet organizational goals. concentrations in asp.net (c# preferred, vb acceptable) including entity framework and microsoft sql development and management skill (stored procedures, sql server integration scripts (ssis)). api development using xml and/or json. the position will also develop multi -user applications in standard programming languages.
the .net developer will be responsible for:
design, implement, develop, and maintain complex applications and databases that automate and improve business processes and database systems.
provide technical skills in the design and development of applications/databases.
analyze system requirements, develop integrated solutions and system functional requirements, and applies modern software development techniques and methods to develop, modify, and maintain complex applications and databases.
provide outlining steps and timetables for developing, testing and installing applications.
other job related duties required to meet organizational goals.
qualifications bs in computer science, mathematics, or a similar field is preferred or equivalent experience
three (3) to five (5) years of experience with asp.net c#
three (3) to five (5) years of experience with microsoft sql, including sql server management tools.
three (3) to five (5) years of experience with angular, javascript, html and jquery programming
oral and written communication skills sufficient to convey technical advice and information to clients and coworkers who have varying degrees of ability with information technology, preferred.
lamp (linux, apache, mysql, php) experience a plus.
 
 
 
premier management corporation is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, genetics, age, disability, or veteran status.
  return to job opportunities 




first time user?
create account



returning user? please sign in!


sign in

forgot password?

 











 








