
web developer job - ui centric - san antonio, tx | indeed.com






















skip to job description, searchclose









find jobscompany reviewsfind salariesfind resumesemployers / post job







upload your resume


sign in







:







what
where





advanced job search


 

 



 



job title, keywords or company


city, state, or zip












web developer

ui centric
     -
san antonio, tx 78212


we are seeking talented and passionate html5/ javascript coders to join our team working on exciting, high-profile consumer products in the tv and media & entertainment spaces.you will be working in a small team as part of a larger sat/nyc/london software agency in their new san antonio office. the company is renowned for their extremely high-quality uis, engineering skill and pride of craftsmanship.core skills required for the role:strong understanding of html5, css3, javascriptworking understanding of less cssexperience with nodejs and apachedesirable core skills:angularjs development experience preferredexperience with automated javascript testss. in computer science, computer engineering, or related degree preferred.personal skills:a passion for problem-solving, learning and new challengesgood team workerexcellent communication skillsprofessional attitude (no divas!)reliableadditional programming languages a plus!job type: full-time

30+ days ago   -  save job









» apply now

            please review all application instructions before applying to ui centric.






other jobs you may like


web developer

bestica -
					san antonio, tx
13 days ago

 easily apply



web developer

mcsg technologies -
					san antonio, tx
7 days ago


software engineer (frontend)

liquid web -
					san antonio, tx
8 days ago


web developer

thomas sharp, inc. -
					san antonio, tx
19 days ago


web application developer

futurex -
					san antonio, tx
17 days ago





 









                        ui centric


                one of the largest established ui consultancies. helping clients across north america and emea connect with their customers digitally....



let employers find youthousands of employers search for candidates on indeedupload your resume










about - help center


©2017 indeed - cookies, privacy and terms



let employers find you  upload your resume









indeed salary estimatewe know salary is a key component of your decision whether or not to apply for a job. so when the hiring company hasn’t provided a salary for a job, we look at salary data from related companies and locations to come up with a reasonable estimate for what you can expect.with over 450,000,000 salaries collected from other jobs and employees, we use one of the biggest salary databases in the world to inform these estimates. and because we are continually adding feedback from users like you, we are able to keep refining our accuracy.these salary estimates are not endorsed by the hiring companies and may vary from what’s actually offered, but we have a pretty great record of getting close enough for you to make an informed decision.is this your job listing? send us feedback to correct an inaccurate salary estimate.

