
manufacturing software engineer job - james hardie building products - united states | indeed.com























skip to job description, searchclose









find jobscompany reviewsfind salariesfind resumesemployers / post job







upload your resume


sign in







:







what
where





advanced job search


 

 



 



job title, keywords or company


city, state, or zip












manufacturing software engineer

james hardie building products


122 reviews
 -
united states

this job posting is no longer available on indeed.
find similar jobs:manufacturing software engineer jobs
                         - james hardie building products jobs




smart, driven and real. sound like words describing you ideal employer?as a manufacturing software engineer for james hardie building products, you will be based out of our peru, il facility (relocation assistance available) and be part of a team leading the way in software development, enhancement, and support of our us based plants on both open source programs and also enterprise grade operation applications.do you have software development experience and a thirst to expand your knowledge around database management (sql), opensource (rails) coding? do you like to wear multiple hats and thrive on keeping systems operating at expected uptime and efficiency?james hardie is the #1 brand of siding in america. we invented fiber cement, and over 5.5 million homes later, we continue to set the standard for premium siding and trim. of course, to be the best, you have to work with the best. that’s why we invest in more than just quality products; we also invest in our people. we take pride in our employees and it’s clear that our employees take pride in working at james hardie too.to be considered for this position, you must have: bachelor's degree in computer science or related field.3 + years of experience with sap configuration.demonstrated project management experience.basic network knowledgebasic server administration (windows and linux)excel-vbsproficiency using etl tools (i.e. pentaho data integration or similar)wonderware intouch, historian, and related enterprise manufacturing hmi software tools and applicationsat james hardie building products, we are looking for people who are smart, driven, and real. we hire leaders and innovators – not employees or staff. james hardie is a $1.9b world leader in fiber cement building products and technology, and our success and quality of our products is attributed to the talent of our people.what’s next?“come home to hardie” and apply now!job type: full-timesalary: $75,000.00 to $95,000.00 /yearrequired education:bachelor'srequired experience:sql, sequel or other database management: 3 yearsruby on rails: 3 yearssap configuration: 3 years

indeed - 6 days ago   -  save job










view or apply to job




manufacturing software engineer jobs in united states


jobs at james hardie building products in united states


manufacturing software engineer salaries in united states




 




                        james hardie building products



122 reviews

                james hardie industries ltd. is an industrial building materials company headquartered in ireland and listed on the australian securities...



let employers find youthousands of employers search for candidates on indeedupload your resume










about - help center


©2017 indeed - cookies, privacy and terms



let employers find you  upload your resume










