



visual net design - jobs: web/mobile designer and developer - apply online

























all jobs
→
web/mobile designer and developer

web/mobile designer and developer
san antonio, texas, united states · software development

descriptiontechie firm www.vndx.com is looking for our next developer. we handle web and app development, it support and web hosting in the san antonio, texas area since 2002.your key duties : create comps or qc the creation of comps provided by external teams. this position is design intensive. you must have a careful eye for design, understand latest trends in design for both web and mobile. you won't settle for anything not pixel perfect. setup and maintain wordpress based websites with complex structures and high traffic. analyze and implement seo strategy received from our marketing team on to new and redesign web projects. create specs for back end technologies and work with back end team to execute project and provide appropriate graphical and ux qc throughout the process. you must have an understanding of php back end programming but not at an expert level.  you must have a medium to expert understanding of front-end technologies such as jquery and customizing wordpress when required. you must understand what it takes to make a web application run faster. you will work in tandem with our hosting and development teams to create high performance, scalable applications for high traffic websites. you      must be obsessed with high performance under high traffic loads! assist with project estimates and      revisions during sales process you have a positive attitude and are      good with people. this is important, as you will attend client meetings during development, as required.  communicate with contractors and evaluate their work when required requirementsexperience: bs in computer science or equivalent experience will be considered. at least 4 years minimum experience with html/xhtml, css and xml at least 4 years minimum experience with wordpress cms theme, plugin and codebase (medium to expert) at least 1 year minimum experience working with relational database systems (mysql preferred). the cherry on top! you are super nice (this is important as you will have contact with our awesome customers). customers, vendors and partners must immediately feel comfortable with you. you coded any mobile applications before. bonus if you play an instrument or have a crazy hobby, we love variety! what are you waiting for? apply now!

apply for this job











visual net design website

powered by
workable





