




















nbc universal, inc. - job details












         nbc universal careers                              show menu                                our company                                         credo & history                                             corporate citizenship                                             awards & recognition                                             comcast nbcuniversal                                             locations                                             our culture                                         career stories                                             benefits & perks                                             diversity & inclusion                                             employee resource groups                                             locations                                             our businesses                                         all                                             ad sales                                             digital                                             television                                             hispanic                                             film                                             news                                             sports                                             stations                                             ops / technology                                             parks & resorts                                             our career paths                                         early careers                                             mid/senior career                                             theme parks                                             home                              ?

homesearch  openingssearch  resultscurrent pagejob  details   

job detailsjob 1 of 1   apply to job   send to friend   save to cart          job number  36158br   job title  marketing & data automation engineer   business segment  cable entertainment   sub-business  craftsy   posting category  technology/engineering   about us  nbcuniversal is one of the world’s leading media and entertainment companies in the development, production, and marketing of entertainment, news, and information to a global audience. nbcuniversal owns and operates a valuable portfolio of news and entertainment television networks, a premier motion picture company, significant television production operations, a leading television stations group, and world-renowned theme parks. nbcuniversal’s policy is to provide equal employment opportunities to all applicants and employees without regard to race, color, religion, creed, gender, gender identity or expression, age, national origin or ancestry, citizenship, disability, sexual orientation, marital status, pregnancy, veteran status, membership in the uniformed services, genetic information, or any other basis protected by applicable law.  nbcuniversal will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with relevant legal requirements, including the city of los angeles fair chance initiative for hiring ordinance, where applicable.   career level  experienced   country  united states   state/province  colorado   city  denver   responsibilities  role purposewe’re interested in hiring a full-stack marketing- & data-automation engineer to help our rapidly-growing marketing and acquisition teams. you’ll work closely with marketers to understand their workflows and help build tools and automated marketing magic. simultaneously, you’ll work closely with our platform engineers to synchronize our internal data with data from our partner companies. you’ll witness the direct impact of your work by making our marketing systems faster, stronger, and smarter. responsibilities〈 design, construct, and own data import and export pipelines.〈 build one-off tools to automate marketing procedures.〈 expose data to marketers that allow for data-driven decision-making (e.g. via data visualization methods).〈 be a conduit between engineers and marketers, helping both understand each others’ needs, limitations, and capabilities.〈 be given the freedom by which you can solve each problem the best way you think possible.〈 learn a ton about new technologies, businesses, and crafting!   qualifications/requirements  basic qualifications〈 mastery in at least one general-purpose programming language (python, java, javascript, c++, etc.)〈 proficiency in a bunch of other languages (especially nice ones would be sql, python, r, julia, java, javascript) and database technologies (e.g. aws redshift, postgresql, google bigquery)〈 experience with modern web application frameworks〈 working knowledge of cloud computing (e.g. aws or google cloud) and/or cluster computing (e.g. spark, mapreduce/hadoop, presto) eligibility requirements〈 interested candidate must submit a resume/cv through www.nbcunicareers.com to be considered〈 willingness to travel and work overtime, and on weekends with short notice as needed〈 must be willing to work in denver, co 〈 must have unrestricted work authorization to work in the united states   desired characteristics  〈 strong interpersonal, communication and stakeholder-management skills    apply to job   send to friend   save to cart        


  we are an equal opportunity employer, offering a great work environment, challenging career opportunities, professional training and competitive compensation.  click here to view the nbcuniversal candidate privacy statement.              



