



job application for software test engineer at lendingtree























          apply now
        
software test engineer

        at lendingtree
      
(view all jobs)

        charlotte, nc 28277
      


are you strong in code driven test automation?
do people come to you seeking advice on how to make testing more efficient?
responsibilities:

analyze product specs, decompose complicated software systems, and design strategies to test these systems.
work as an agile team member participating in backlog grooming, sprint planning and task estimation.
expand and maintain test automation for the applications you support.
represent qa in any technical discussion, decision and design involved during product development.
drive adoption of new test strategies and tools you are passionate about.

 required experience:

3+ years of experience in software testing.
1+ years of automation experience testing web applications using java or c#.
experience testing web services.
solid experience using sql or nosql databases
b.s. in computer science or related information technology degree (or at least 4+ years of industry experience).
passion for finding problems with software, figuring out solutions, and helping ensure they never happen again.
willingness to read product specs and take it upon yourself to fill in the gaps.
excellent understanding of internet technologies.
bright, motivated, and intellectually curious (you know if you are!)

 preferred experience:

experience with mobile automation using appium.

why lendingtree?

chance to work with top technologists that previously were at other leading technology companies like google, apple, microsoft and linkedin.
unique entrepreneurial environment. we’re a start-up company in publicly traded suit. read: we have a lot of fun and can afford the grown-up toys.
we’re making a real difference in the financial lives of millions of consumers. the work we do here matters.
dress code – we don’t have one. (flip flops, shorts, jeans… whatever.)
we don't even keep track of how many paid vacation days you take! (of course your manager's approval is needed before you take off on that family vacation.)
cool perks like $3 catered lunches mon. - thurs., free bagels every fri. and on site gym (employees are encouraged to work out during the day. “wait, is that true?" yep.)

our company      lendingtree was founded by ceo doug lebda to help people comparison shop and get a great deal on the single biggest transaction of their lives: their mortgage. since then, we’ve facilitated over 65 million loan requests
today we do much more than mortgages. we are the #1 online marketplace in the us for consumers to comparison shop for mortgages, personal loans, credit cards, student loans, auto loans and insurance. we have established relationships with millions of customers who engage with us through our my lendingtree portal, giving them access to free credit scores and money saving alerts. we are on a mission to help consumers save money and better their lives.  we’re publicly traded (tree), we’re financially sound and we’re in the top 10 of fortune’s 100 fastest growing companies. if you’re looking for an opportunity with a dynamic company that is fanatically pro-consumer and that champions your entrepreneurial spirit, then you’ve come to the right place! 
our culture      want to wear shorts and comfy shoes to work? no problem! our clothes are casual, but our work ethic is anything but. every one of us is expected to challenge the status quo, to have an opinion and to ask for the ball and run with it. 







apply for this job

* required
        











(optional)

almost there! review your information then click 'submit application' to apply.



first name *



last name *



email *



phone




              location (city)
                *




resume/cv *


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 














cover letter


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 

















linkedin profile
    





website
    





how did you hear about this job?
    











 



share this job:    













powered by 

 
      read our privacy policy
















