
web developer/programmer job - leadvision - charlotte, nc | indeed.com






















skip to job description, searchclose









find jobscompany reviewsfind salariesfind resumesemployers / post job







upload your resume


sign in







:







what
where





advanced job search


 

 



 



job title, keywords or company


city, state, or zip












web developer/programmer

leadvision
     -
charlotte, nc 28202


                $70,000 a year



we will only consider experienced programmers. please do not apply if you have less than 3 to 5 years of actual development experience. this is an in-house, full-time position.leadvision (http://www.leadvision.com) is looking to hire a web developer/programmer for our downtown charlotte, nc office. the company is entering it's eighth year of operations and looks forward to continued growth in 2015. leadvision is a strategic marketing company providing support to several markets including industrial equipment, logistics and adventure travel. with clients in over ten countries, the company has grown year after year and is entering a new phase of development.we are looking for someone with significant development and programming experience. we own and operate multiple sites currently and are expanding into new markets.experience required-experience with php-experience with html, html5, css3.0-experience with javascript, jquery-experience with sql-familiarity with api integration-experience developing mobile-responsive, device-agnostic, and browser-independent websites/web applicationswe believe in the "work hard, play harder mentality"! our office is located at the heart of downtown charlotte. for the right candidate, we will offer a competitive base, benefits and one month off each year (paid). we are not looking for an inexperienced person. if interested, please email over a resume and a few links to sites, social pages, blogs that you have created.salary: $70,000.00 /yearrequired experience:web development: 3 years

30+ days ago   -  save job









» apply now

            please review all application instructions before applying to leadvision.






other jobs you may like


web applications developer

lincoln harris -
					charlotte, nc
8 days ago


web developer i

insp, llc -
					charlotte, nc
15 days ago


software engineer full stack

kinequip, inc. -
					charlotte, nc
30+ days ago

 easily apply



front end developer

red ventures -
					charlotte, nc
30+ days ago


programmer analyst / web developer

heuristic solutions -
					arlington, va
21 days ago

 easily apply






 









                        leadvision


                the company is entering its seventh year of operations and looks forward to continued growth in 2014. leadvision is a strategic marketing...



let employers find youthousands of employers search for candidates on indeedupload your resume










about - help center


©2017 indeed - cookies, privacy and terms



let employers find you  upload your resume









indeed salary estimatewe know salary is a key component of your decision whether or not to apply for a job. so when the hiring company hasn’t provided a salary for a job, we look at salary data from related companies and locations to come up with a reasonable estimate for what you can expect.with over 450,000,000 salaries collected from other jobs and employees, we use one of the biggest salary databases in the world to inform these estimates. and because we are continually adding feedback from users like you, we are able to keep refining our accuracy.these salary estimates are not endorsed by the hiring companies and may vary from what’s actually offered, but we have a pretty great record of getting close enough for you to make an informed decision.is this your job listing? send us feedback to correct an inaccurate salary estimate.

