
cfd software developer job - corvid technologies - mooresville, nc | indeed.com






















skip to job description, searchclose










find jobscompany reviewsfind salariesfind resumesemployers / post job







upload your resume


sign in







:







what
where





advanced job search


 

 



 



job title, keywords or company


city, state, or zip












cfd software developer

corvid technologies


3 reviews
 -
mooresville, nc


corvid technologies is seeking a computational fluid dynamics (cfd) software developer. the primary responsibility will be to support the continued development of the proprietary cfd software developed at corvid technologies for the simulation of aerodynamics in all mach regimes. the developer will work directly with the cfd development team as well as interact with application groups involving motorsports and missile defense.preferred skills and experience:- ph.d. in engineering, applied mathematics or computer science or equivalent industrial experience.- expertise in one or more areas of cfd or multi-physics modeling including fluid dynamics, heat transfer, fluid-structure interaction, turbulence, aeroacoustics or multi-phase modeling.- expertise in one or more areas of numerical methods including finite volume, finite difference or finite element methods on structured or unstructured grids.- knowledge of programming/scripting languages including fortran (90+), python, and c/c++.- experience developing and/or testing large scale academic, open source, industrial or commercial cfd codes.- knowledge of source control, continuous integration and software testing tools. u.s. citizens or permanent residents only.job type: full-timerequired education:doctorate

30+ days ago   -  save job









» apply now

            please review all application instructions before applying to corvid technologies.






other jobs you may like


development / pre-sales engineer

carolina it professionals, inc -
					greensboro, nc
13 hours ago

 easily apply



development engineer

moog inc. -
					east aurora, ny
9 days ago


software engineer senior / algorithm develope...

lockheed martin -
					greensboro, nc
22 days ago


software developer – pos scrum master

hireflux -
					greensboro, nc
30+ days ago


lead as/400 software developer- apac

ashley furniture homestore -
					advance, nc
ashley furniture homestore - 
					30+ days ago





 




                        corvid technologies



3 reviews



let employers find youthousands of employers search for candidates on indeedupload your resume










about - help center


©2017 indeed - cookies, privacy and terms



let employers find you  upload your resume










indeed salary estimatewe know salary is a key component of your decision whether or not to apply for a job. so when the hiring company hasn’t provided a salary for a job, we look at salary data from related companies and locations to come up with a reasonable estimate for what you can expect.with over 450,000,000 salaries collected from other jobs and employees, we use one of the biggest salary databases in the world to inform these estimates. and because we are continually adding feedback from users like you, we are able to keep refining our accuracy.these salary estimates are not endorsed by the hiring companies and may vary from what’s actually offered, but we have a pretty great record of getting close enough for you to make an informed decision.is this your job listing? send us feedback to correct an inaccurate salary estimate.

