



job application for full stack lamp (php) developer at securly























          apply now
        
full stack lamp (php) developer

        at securly
      
(view all jobs)

        charlotte, nc
      


 
silicon valley's most innovative edtech security startup is expanding their engineering team in charlotte, nc. come see what it is like to have your work recognized and tackle complex technical issues in a collaborative, empowering and fun environment.
with offices on three continents, securly is one of fastest-growing edtech pioneers in silicon valley. heck, maybe even the world. our ground-breaking cloud solution allows schools and parents to become partners in keeping kids safe in an increasingly digital world. securly can’t change the toxicity of the internet, but we can mitigate its effects.
securly’s cloud-based web filter is a win-win for everyone. it keeps students safe and keeps the district’s costs down. on top of this, securly is paving the way with an ai that alerts parents and counselors to instances of cyberbullying and even learns the child’s habits to detect the potential for self-harm. our tech can literally save lives. not many tech companies can say that.
securly is looking for a full stack lamp (php) developer. we are consistently recognized in the silicon valley for launching features that are industry first?
check what outside experts are saying about us here!                                 
take a look at why you will want to get onboard with our 2000% growth rocket ship now.  
job summary
we are looking for a full-stack engineer in charlotte, nc who will be working with our platform team. responsibilities will include designing & developing api interface to extend our product functionality to our partners. you will work with other developers, qa, devops and project manager and take an active role in end-to-end design, development and release processes. our technology stack includes php, angularjs, redis, mysql, dns, squid, elasticsearch, zeromq, splunk.
we're looking for someone who:

has at least 2 years of industry experience 
has a passion for building elegant, scalable software that solves practical problems
thrives in a highly collaborative, cross-functional environment 
loves to learn and develop new skills continuously 
has a strong sense of ownership in every application they build

skills:

2+ years experience with the lamp (php) stack
need mastery of usual web backend technologies such as mvc architecture, ajax, restful api, json, singleton, pdo etc
need understanding with sql / nosql databases (mysql & redis)
experience with c++/python/js and other backend technologies is beneficial 
the fundamentals: html5, html5 local storage, css, javascript, xml, json
must have experience with js frameworks such as node js, angularjs, etc.
solid experience with responsive and mobile web page design
understanding of networking (dns, http/https, proxying, etc) will be added advantage
nice to have knowledge of agile software engineering principles

responsibilities:

develop api's to extend product functionality
design, develop, deploy, and maintain services, systems, and user-facing applications helping 1000s of educational institutions and millions of kids every day
build reusable code and libraries for future use
optimize application for maximum speed and scale
continually improve code quality, performance, and reliability 
conceive of and implement new features

 about us:
securly is a venture-backed, fast-growing silicon valley startup with the stated mission of keeping kids safe online. we are the leading provider of cloud-based internet security for schools and homes with a presence in thousands of schools across the us. as an online security provider, we have the responsibility of not just nurturing kids away from the negative influences of the internet, but also preempting life-changing incidents of bullying, self-harm, and violence in schools. as of today, we are saving at least one child per month for every school we serve from these incidents!
 

our headquarters are in the heart of the silicon valley.  currently, at 80 employees, we are growing the company deliberately, with an eye towards maintaining a culture that values lifestyle, fun and continuous improvement.


our clients love what we make • we're user-focused and product-driven • we're always evolving with an eye towards improvement • committed to building a product people want • we have a well-defined culture of fun, continual learning and collaboration • a supportive, familial atmosphere • an open, airy, creative space with a mega-massage chair, music/game room • breakfast, lunch and happy hour • a fully stocked kitchen with drinks and snacks  • excellent benefit package • 401k 

 
 







apply for this job

* required
        







first name *



last name *



email *



phone *




              location (city)
                *




resume/cv *


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 














cover letter


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 

















linkedin profile
    





are you authorized to work lawfully in the united states? *



--
yes
no


will you now or in the future require securly to commence (“sponsor”) an immigration case in order to employ you (for example, h-1b or other employment-based immigration case)? this is sometimes called “sponsorship” for an employment-based visa status. *



--
yes
no








 



share this job:    













powered by 

 
      read our privacy policy
















