













 bank of america job - application programmer, electronic data interchange, wholesale banking , charlotte, nc, united states













skip to main content
menu





navigation

home 
our company

our business


working here

culture, inclusion, people
military & veterans
benefits & advantages
career development & learning
recruitment tips


locations
career areas

search jobs
events
applicants with disabilities

united states
change location

argentina
australia
bahamas
bahrain
belgium
brazil
canada
cayman islands
chile
china
colombia
costa rica 
france
germany
greece
hong kong
india
indonesia
ireland
isle of man
israel
italy
japan
jersey
lebanon
luxembourg
malaysia
mexico
monaco
netherlands
norway
panama
peru
philippines 
poland
portugal
russia
saudi arabia
singapore
south africa
south korea
spain
sweden
switzerland
taiwan 
thailand
turkey
united arab emirates
united kingdom
united states
uruguay
venezuela







search jobs





application programmer, electronic data interchange, wholesale banking
charlotte, nc, united states
job number: 17078552
back to job search results


apply now for this job >



job description

job description:job description:looking for a highly motivated developer with the ability to develop, debug, support, maintain and test software applications that support edi business units. participates in the design, development and implementation of complex applications on nonstop and linux platforms.role / responsibilities / key objectivesfunction within a distributed team model and interact with global team members.collaborate with product, the business, testers, infrastructure, and others to deliver solutions.participate in requirement gathering, design, development, testing, and implementation of complex applications. responsible for components of complex engineering and/or analytical tasks and activities.ability to prioritize and execute multiple competing tasks.lead meetings with team, or project members, as necessary.create and maintain documentation such as design docs, mapping specifications, flow diagrams, technical recovery plans, etc.flexibility to work for extended hours and on weekends as needed to handle high priority issues.required skills2+ years of experience in software design & developmentin-depth knowledge and experience with nonstop and/or linuxfamiliarity with sdlc processesstrong attention to detail and follow upability to multi-task and prioritize competing demandsdesired skillsknowledge of macro/scrip languages such as tacl, enform, shell, or perlrelational database knowledge (sql, oracle)knowledge of code pages and conversion/usage (utf8, utf16, etc)knowledge of transmission protocols such as ndm and sftpknowledge, or ability to learn, cobol and proprietary mapping language (ipswitch mwtranslator)experience with edi file formats such as x12, xml, nacha, idoc, and edifactfamiliarity with payment flows & corporate banking (ach, wires, checks, international)ability to gain a broad knowledge of the system; triage issues; engage appropriate development resources during any issuesfamiliarity with agile software development methodologybachelor’s degree in computer science or other information systems related fields


posting date: 11/28/2017 
location: charlotte, nc, international trade center, 200 n college st,  - united states 

travel: no 


full / part-time: full time 
hours per week: 40 
shift: 1st shift  




already have a candidate profile? log in to access and update your current profile to access and update your current profile.  
assistance for applicants with disabilities
bank of america is committed to ensuring that our online application process provides an equal employment opportunity to all job seekers, including individuals with disabilities. if you believe you need a reasonable accommodation in order to search for a job opening or to submit an application, please visit the applicants with disabilities page. 
diversity & inclusion
at bank of america, our commitment to diversity and inclusion is helping us to create not only a great place to work, but also an environment where our employees, our customers and our communities around the world can reach their goals and connect with each other. all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. 
frequently asked questions 
need to know how to apply online, view a list of your submitted job applications or reset your password? visit our faq section for answers to these questions and more.

bank of america employees
bank of america employees should access the internal jobs database.






return to top


faq | 
events | 
campus | 
about us | 
returning job seekers | 
pay transparency | 
privacy policy | 
eeo statement | 
site map 


© bank of america, n.a. member fdic. equal housing lender. © 2014 bank of america corporation. all rights reserved.

follow us:

go to twitter page

twitter page :  bofa_careers
twitter page :  ml_careers


go to facebook page
go to linkedin page

linkedin page :  bank of america
linkedin page :  merrill lynch 






life's better when we're connected 








thanks for your interest in this job
we're updating our website and regret that we cannot accept your job application right now. please try again after 1 a.m. gmt monday, 12 december. 
thank you for your patience!
life’s better when we’re connected ®











