













 bank of america job - software engineer - html5, css3, sass, responsive web design, mvc, oocss , charlotte, nc, united states













skip to main content
menu





navigation

home 
our company

our business


working here

culture, inclusion, people
military & veterans
benefits & advantages
career development & learning
recruitment tips


locations
career areas

search jobs
events
applicants with disabilities

united states
change location

argentina
australia
bahamas
bahrain
belgium
brazil
canada
cayman islands
chile
china
colombia
costa rica 
france
germany
greece
hong kong
india
indonesia
ireland
isle of man
israel
italy
japan
jersey
lebanon
luxembourg
malaysia
mexico
monaco
netherlands
norway
panama
peru
philippines 
poland
portugal
russia
saudi arabia
singapore
south africa
south korea
spain
sweden
switzerland
taiwan 
thailand
turkey
united arab emirates
united kingdom
united states
uruguay
venezuela







search jobs





software engineer - html5, css3, sass, responsive web design, mvc, oocss
charlotte, nc, united states
job number: 17069896
back to job search results


apply now for this job >



job description

job description:provide leadership and deep technical expertise in all aspects of solution design and application development for specific business environments. focus on setting technical direction on groups of applications and similar technologies as well as taking responsibility for technically robust solutions encompassing all business, architecture, and technology constraints. may be responsible for coordinating teams to accomplish development in a matrixed organization. typically requires 5-7 years of experienceposition summarya software engineer with online banking leads design, development and implementation of our internet banking systems. participates in environment support, software release, performance tuning and system support. possesses strong technical skills; provides tech knowledge and capabilities and coaches team members. will not have direct reports but will direct activities of a team for execution of projects. provides inputs on staffing, budget and personnel. typically 6+ years of software development and systems engineering experience with 2 years of leading software agile delivery.this is a fast-paced- it environment. you will work on the highest-hit financial web pages on earth. we seek the best talent, and the fortitude to work in a demanding ecommerce environment. you must bring coding experience and innovation to the table. web designers need not apply unless they also meet all requirements listed above. (we build the pages, we do not design them.) specifically the software engineer is responsible for:* leading all sdlc phases of software development, project execution and deployment* documenting current and future states and software engineering artifacts and* ensuring stable, quality software delivery• deliver front end solutions, primarily responsive web experiences, as part of our application development teams• work with designers toward the most efficient implementation in meeting their visual and interactive designs• design ajax and other web 2.0 interface solutions, based on collaboration with ux and their artifacts• develop code conforming to w3c, internal and ada coding standards• test the code ensuring the minimum number of defects during formal test, and repair any defects to deliver defect-free code to production• conduct all of the above independently and with large teams, depending on the size of a project required skills/ experience• multiple years of experience coding html, css and javascript with a focus on modern techniques and approaches (skill set more important than years for all technologies listed)• experience with the latest front end technologies - html5, css3, sass, and new design patterns – responsive web design, mvc, oocss• experience with modern javascript frameworks and libraries (examples - react, polymer, angular, jquery, and others)• experience with modern ui build frameworks a plus (npm, grunt, gulp) • experience working in a corporate it environment with software tools used for design, build, test and debug• experience designing and implementing apis using ajax with back end teams• expert in user interface development, engineering cross-device, cross-browser compliant code• writes high-quality, semantic, testable, maintainable, and well-documented code• knowledge of web accessibility and requisite coding standards; screen readers and keyboard focus• enterprise exposure in defect resolution up and down ui ~ from the http header to ajax failures and os/browser anomalies• clear communication. design documentation, cross-team communication and user experience reviews require spot-on written and verbal communications.• experience working in an agile environment preferred.


posting date: 12/06/2017 
location: charlotte, nc, 13510 ballantyne corporate pl (nc2109),  - united states 

travel: yes, 5% of the time 


full / part-time: full time 
hours per week: 40 
shift: 1st shift  




already have a candidate profile? log in to access and update your current profile to access and update your current profile.  
assistance for applicants with disabilities
bank of america is committed to ensuring that our online application process provides an equal employment opportunity to all job seekers, including individuals with disabilities. if you believe you need a reasonable accommodation in order to search for a job opening or to submit an application, please visit the applicants with disabilities page. 
diversity & inclusion
at bank of america, our commitment to diversity and inclusion is helping us to create not only a great place to work, but also an environment where our employees, our customers and our communities around the world can reach their goals and connect with each other. all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. 
frequently asked questions 
need to know how to apply online, view a list of your submitted job applications or reset your password? visit our faq section for answers to these questions and more.

bank of america employees
bank of america employees should access the internal jobs database.






return to top


faq | 
events | 
campus | 
about us | 
returning job seekers | 
pay transparency | 
privacy policy | 
eeo statement | 
site map 


© bank of america, n.a. member fdic. equal housing lender. © 2014 bank of america corporation. all rights reserved.

follow us:

go to twitter page

twitter page :  bofa_careers
twitter page :  ml_careers


go to facebook page
go to linkedin page

linkedin page :  bank of america
linkedin page :  merrill lynch 






life's better when we're connected 








thanks for your interest in this job
we're updating our website and regret that we cannot accept your job application right now. please try again after 1 a.m. gmt monday, 12 december. 
thank you for your patience!
life’s better when we’re connected ®











