

	qa engineer #459808 us-nc-charlotte





























qa engineer

us-nc-charlotte







apply

view all jobs





share this job














about navex global
at navex global, we believe the experience people have within our workplace matters as much as what we do. we understand without great people we will not achieve great results. our executive team is committed to helping create the most powerful experience of your career and we will start by understanding what matters most to you in your career development. join us and experience the difference!
equal opportunity employer
navex global is an equal opportunity employer and complies with all government laws and regulations concerning nondiscriminatory employment practices. it is navex global’s policy to comply with all applicable local, state, and federal laws and regulations that prohibit unlawful discrimination because of a person’s race, color, religion, ancestry, national origin, gender, age, disability, sexual orientation, veteran’s status or any other protected group status.




job description
 


job title:  qa engineer






team:               

location:



product engineering
rexburg, id and charlotte, nc



manager:

status:



sr. director, product engineering

full time, exempt





position summary:

as our qa engineer, you will be defining strategies for testing new features and functionality while improving our quality. your role will directly impact the positive customer service experience we insist our clients have.



in this role you will often:



design and develop automated and manual test cases for navex global’s industry leading compliance solution.

execute automated and automated manual test suites in support of iterative development schedules.

provide early feedback on new features via requirements and software inspection.

document, review, and validate corrections for customer reported defects and feature requests.

communicate progress, risks and test coverage effectively.

collaborate with the (client) services team to determine the severity and priority of customer reported issues.

investigate, analyze and make recommendations to management regarding technology improvements, upgrades and modifications regarding the application development process.

 




skills & requirements

this job might be for you if you have:


a bachelor’s degree in computer science or similar technical discipline.

2-5 years of experience in testing web-based, n-tier systems.

1-3 years of experience in designing and implementing automated test suites for web-based applications.

problem solving skills with an excellent work ethic and strong customer service oriented attitude.

capabilities of working independently, being self-motivated, dependable, reliable and highly accountable.

experience working with application development tools, such as version control, defect tracking, build management and test management.

programming experience with c#, java or related languages.

knowledge of the following tools and technologies desired: selenium,  soapui, visual studio, sql server, jira, web vulnerability testing, application performance testing, active directory federation services (adfs), testrail

excellent verbal and written communication skills and a commitment to collaborate with people.

experience engaging with people across a variety of levels with diverse backgrounds.

a commitment to do the right things right.


life at navex: 

in addition to changing the way people experience life at work and supporting organizations on their way to achieving their goals through our innovative products and services, we are committed to doing the right things right! 

we believe gratitude and grace go hand in hand and that how we engage with and support each other should matter as much as the care we extend to our amazing clients.  we also believe that we have the opportunity to influence the experience we have in the workplace and can make a difference through what we do and how we do it.  together we are strengthened by our organizational values and attributes, and energized by our potential.  your ability to serve others, uphold our code of conduct and workplace practices, and model our core values and attributes will be at the center of your success!

after successfully passing a background check, you can expect a fast paced, changing environment that includes frequent deadlines and the need to multi-task competing priorities each day.  you can anticipate extensive use of a computer, (including word, excel and powerpoint), phone, and high volumes of email.  you should expect to consistently apply your strong english fluency when speaking with others, reading work related materials, and creating written correspondence.

bottom line, our team believes you can experience incredible growth and have one of the most meaningful experiences in your career at navex global.  we compete for the best talent, offer a competitive salary, and a great benefits package in addition to the excitement of joining a team on a mission to build a phenomenal company. 

about navex global:

navex global’s comprehensive suite of ethics and compliance software, content and services helps organizations protect their people, reputation and bottom line. trusted by 95 of the fortune 100 and more than 12,500 clients, our solutions are informed by the largest ethics and compliance community in the world. for more information, visit www.navexglobal.com.

navex global is an equal opportunity employer, employing qualified individuals based upon job related qualifications regardless of race, religion, ancestry, gender, sexual orientation, national origin, age, disability, marital status, domestic partner status, medical condition, political affiliation or any other classification proscribed under applicable federal, state or local law. navex global complies with all laws regarding reasonable accommodation for disabled candidates and employees.  applicants requiring reasonable accommodation in order to participate in the interview process are requested to contact human resources in order to arrange such accommodation.  we offer competitive compensation and an attractive benefits package. no recruiters or agencies without a previously signed contract.

navex global values diversity and encourages women, vets, minorities and those with disabilities to apply. for this reason, we invite you to self-identify below. know the information you choose to disclose is confidential and minted by the human resources team for reporting purposes only; the hiring manager for your position does not have access to this information.

thank you for your consideration to self-identify.








apply

view all jobs






 
 




 










