



avidxchange careers - undergraduate software development internship - summer 2018



























 











                                                    avidxchange careers                                            







                undergraduate software development internship - summer 2018
    
    

                            software engineering            
                    charlotte,
                            north carolina
                
                        



        apply
    



                undergraduate software development internshiptypically reports to: manager of software developmentcompany overviewby trade we are a technology company, but if you ask anyone that works here, they’ll tell you we are a people company. as the industry leader in accounts payable (ap) automation, avidxchange strives to provide an innovative and collaborative work environment. we do that through focusing on our people, our culture, and ensuring we run our business in a way that enables every employee to achieve their fullest potential and help us create a world class company. our employees live by our core values, including “innovate to change the game,” “passion about customer success,” “win as a team,” and “have a blast.” whether you live in charlotte and can enjoy our corporate campus at the avidxchange music factory, or you live across the country, avidxchange has locations waiting for you. we are on a mission to create something different at avidxchange. love where you work. live avidly.   role description:the undergraduate software development internship role is designed to build on academic training in software development.  the intern will gain hands-on experience with the latest software technologies and will enhance their knowledge of asp.net, c#, sql, html, css and javascript.job responsibilities:  perform full life cycle applications development.collaborate with senior software engineer, product management, quality assurance, development, and scrum master to understand and develop against structured requirements.troubleshoot, debug, and optimize code to ensure performance & security are maximized.work closely with qa to review, approve, and design against test cases – ensuring all requirements are fulfilled.   qualifications:  excellent organizational, leadership, facilitation, problem solving, and decision-making skillsproactive, accountable, autonomous, and solutions orientedexcellent written and verbal communication skillsknowledge of software development lifecycle and agile developmentrequired education:all interns must have completed at least two years toward an undergraduate degree in computer science, information management or related technical field.a minimum gpa of 3.0 is required.                                                     




        apply
    

        apply later    


            ← back to current openings        




share





linkedin




facebook




twitter




email






similar jobs





                                    {{ job.title }}
                                











powered by jobvite










