



bandsintown - jobs: javascript web developer - apply online

























all jobs
→
javascript web developer

javascript web developer
san diego, california, united states

descriptionbandsintown is looking to add a new member to the web development team in san diego, ca to help continue the growth of the world's most popular concert discovery app. we are looking for a candidate who brings development experience and fresh ideas to help our team achieve its full potential.bandsintown helps over 35 million fans around the world get the most up-to-date information about their favorite artists' upcoming tour dates, ticket offers, and much more. we also connect over 420,000 artists directly with their fans, allowing them to see where they are around the world, and directly message trackers and show attendees.as a javascript web developer, you’ll get a chance to work on our concert discovery web app and artist widgets here in our san diego office. we’re looking for smart, motivated candidates with javascript experience who are willing to learn much more. bandsintown already has over 35 million users and we are rapidly growing, so be prepared to work on a product where your efforts will impact a wide range of users from all over the world.requirements bs in computer science or steam field, or equivalent experience. at least 1 year working with a express/react web application stack or another modern javascript framework (vue/angular/koa etc.) proficiency in modern frontend web technologies (es6, html5, css3). passion for creating products millions of people will enjoy. good communication skills, eager to work in a team environment. extra credit a live web application example functional programing experience javascript unit testing experience (mocha, enzyme, jasmine etc.)  javascript build tools experience  (webpack, npm, grunt, gulp etc.) experience using or developing restful apis experience with isomorphic/progressive web applications familiarity with redux/flux and ports and adaptors application architectural patterns  a mind for seo  adept at reading documentation internationalization experience experience making and appreciating music  experience with backbone.js benefits competitive salary based on experience generous paid time off, including sick days and holidays medical & dental coverage 100% company-paid vision coverage, life & disability insurance 401(k) savings plan with generous company matching flexible spending account (fsa) commuter benefits casual office atmosphere and friendly coworkers friday lunches sponsored by the office personal discounts (zipcar, hotels, electronics, movies, etc.) and more work with a recognizable product/brand that music fans love 

apply for this job












bandsintown
does not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color, religion, age, national origin, marital status, disability, veteran status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity or any other reason prohibited by law in provision of employment opportunities and benefits.

bandsintown website

powered by
workable





