


careers | video on demand (vod) | over-the-top entertainment services























































software

player
web player
converter
video codec pack
video showcase
mpeg-2 plug-in
srs audiofusion
divx hevc plug-in
dfx audio enhancer


devices

browse

at home
on the go
in the car
other devices
search all devices


profiles
video samples
features
tech specifications


where to buy


movies
find movies
new on dvd
movie trailers


technologies

divx plus streaming
hevc
h.264
mkv
mp4
avi
mpeg-2
aac
dlna


support
register your device
forums
labs







































careers










 for full functionality of this site it is necessary to enable javascript.







software engineer



job tracking id: 512535-525345
job location: san diego, ca
job level: mid career (2+ years)
level of education: ba/bs
job type: full-time/regular
date updated: february 26, 2016
years of experience: up to 2 years
starting date: march 1, 2016










«back to job search




invite a friend




















job description:
the big picture
looking for a great opportunity to make an impact on millions of streaming media consumers, and have fun doing it? divx is a leader in internet streaming technology for users around the world.
as a member of our team, you make significant contributions in building streaming media solutions from design to deployment.  our software engineers build scalable applications with current technologies like java, sql, docker, vert.x, javascript, react.js and aws.
the neulion san diego office is looking for a software engineer with the skills and passion to deliver streaming video solutions to devices all over the world.
 the everyday view
the software engineer will be a part of a team of talented engineers collaborating in design, development and implementation of end-to-end solutions in an agile environment. the ideal candidate will be enthusiastic and self-motivated in applying solid engineering practices to build flexible, robust, and scalable solutions.
experience and skills:
required skills and experience

mindset: customer oriented, self-starting, collaborative, flexible and adaptive
strong communications skills and ability to work well on a team
knowledge of agile/scrum and acceptance test driven development
experience with multiple programming languages preferably including java and javascript
experience with soap-based and restful web service frameworks and http methods
experience with the following or similar build and deployment tools: maven, jenkins, git
bachelor’s degree in computer science engineering

the following experiences are optional but highly desired:

digital video formats and encoding
video streaming technology
digital rights management
multimedia frameworks
cryptography and ssl
knowledge of public key infrastructure (pki)
application servers: tomcat, jboss or similar
sql, mysql and/or sql server
cloud computing platforms: amazon aws, microsoft azure or similar



















 if you are having difficulties with the application process, please click here

























 




© 2017 divx, llc.  all rights reserved.  divx and associated logos are trademarks of divx, llc or its affiliates.
privacy policy - terms of use - copyright policy 





about ussolutionspress releases
partner support
blog














