

jazzhr » job listings












































« back to jobs




techflow
software developer
digital services - san diego, ca - full time




join our employee owned team
techflow’s digital services division has a full-time contingent position for a junior applications developer to support multiple efforts.  if you are looking for a place to invest in your future, then consider a position with techflow.  we pride our “innovative, open and agile,” employee owners and pride ourselves on creating opportunities for individuals to explore, learn and develop their careers while delivering custom and tailored solutions to drive our customer’s successes.  here at techflow, you will work with best-of-breed technologies and work in a challenging, dynamic environment where opportunities for training and advancement are provided. techflow promotes a healthy work-life balance offering:
innovative compensation plans
medical
dental
vision
flexible spending plans
401k (with employer matching)
employee stock ownership plan
life insurance
education assistance.
techflow is an employee owned technical services government contractor that provides quality it services to the government in business and process analysis, software development, technology and scientific support services.  techflow is committed to exceeding our client's expectations by creating an intimate partnership where we work cohesively to help our clients solve their business problems using the latest in web-based and integration technologies. techflow is headquartered in san diego, ca and has offices in albuquerque, nm, arlington, va and idaho falls, id.
techflow’s digital services development department, responsible for designing, developing and deploying software for the u.s. government has immediate openings for full-time software developers in our  san diego, ca office.  
responsibilities
• develop software for new applications and maintenance of existing applications
• design, code and test all software applications developed
• develop conceptual and technical design including use of ooa and ood techniques
• participate on sprint teams using safe, scrum and kanban for agile delivery model
required skills
• three to five years of experience with java and object oriented languages
• three to five years of experience in unit and integration testing using junit framework, selenium and jboss
• experience in developing applications using appian, jax-rs or rest technologies, soap web services, jms, xml, xslt, and xpath
• experience with ui technologies html, css, javascript, angular 2, bootstrap, node.js/npm
• working knowledge of application developments methodologies such as sdlc and agile
• team player and ability to learn new technologies quickly
• strong verbal and written communication skills
• demonstrate ability to work within a scrum team to solve problems, advise, influence and guide the development of technical solutions.
desired skills
• demonstrated experience in java/j2ee components such as html, css, jsp, servlets, struts/spring, ajax, json, design patterns and javascript
• demonstrate ability to write maven builds and deployment scripts to package and deploy on jboss application servers
• linux command line administration
• conduct multiple levels of testing including unit, system, integration and performance
• proficient with database query tools and structured query language
 
education / experience
• bs degree in computer science / engineering, information technology or a related field
• three to five years of java programming
please note
• techflow is an equal opportunity employer (minority / female / disability / vets)
• applicant selected will be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information.
• eligibility requirement: u.s. citizenship.
• qualified applicants will be given in-depth technical interview - verbal and written - to assess and discuss skills listed on their resumes.


apply now


 

 

 














			apply: software developer		

			* required fields
		















first name*





last name*





email address*





location *





phone number*





resume*


attach resume or
					paste resume





						attach resume as .pdf, .doc, or .docx (limit 2mb) or
						paste resume



 




						paste your resume here or
						attach resume file



 



desired salary*





earliest start date?*





are you currently employed?*

-- no answer --yesno



if yes, where? please provide company name and location.





what is your highest level of education?*

-- no answer --high school diplomaassociates degreebachelors of art degreebachelors of science degreemasters of arts degreemasters of science degreemasters of business administrationphd



for each degree earned, list your major and the school you attended.*





list all professional/technical certifications.*





this position requires the employee to hold a u.s. security clearance.  in order to hold a security clearance the employee must be a u.s. citizen. do you meet this requirement?*





do you currently hold a security clearance?*





if yes, at what level?*





can you provide proof that you are eligible to work in the u.s.?*





what is the most convenient way to contact you?*





the following questions are entirely optional.

					to comply with government equal employment opportunity / affirmative action reporting regulations, we are requesting (but not requiring) that you enter this personal data. this information will not be used in connection with any employment decisions, and will be used solely as permitted by state and federal law. your voluntary cooperation would be appreciated. learn more.
				


gender

decline to answerfemalemale



race/ethnicity

decline to answerwhite (not hispanic)african american/black (not hispanic)hispanic/latinoasianpacific islanderamerican indiannative alaskannative hawaiianmulti-racial





invitation for job applicants to self-identify as a u.s. veteran


a “disabled veteran” is one of the following:
									
a veteran of the u.s. military, ground, naval or air service who is entitled to compensation (or who but for the receipt of military retired pay would be entitled to compensation) under laws administered by the secretary of veterans affairs; or
a person who was discharged or released from active duty because of a service-connected disability.


a “recently separated veteran” means any veteran during the three-year period beginning on the date of such veteran's discharge or release from active duty in the u.s. military, ground, naval, or air service.
an “active duty wartime or campaign badge veteran” means a veteran who served on active duty in the u.s. military, ground, naval or air service during a war, or in a campaign or expedition for which a campaign badge has been authorized under the laws administered by the department of defense.
an “armed forces service medal veteran” means a veteran who, while serving on active duty in the u.s. military, ground, naval or air service, participated in a united states military operation for which an armed forces service medal was awarded pursuant to executive order 12985.




veteran status

 i identify as one or more of the classifications of protected veteran listed above i am not a protected veteran i don’t wish to answer
		




voluntary self-identification of disability


							voluntary self-identification of disability form cc-305
							omb control number 1250-0005
							expires 1/31/2020
						


why are you being asked to complete this form?


because we do business with the government, we must reach out to, hire, and provide equal opportunity to qualified people with disabilities.i to help us measure how well we are doing, we are asking you to tell us if
								you have a disability or if you ever had a disability. completing this form is voluntary, but we hope that you will choose to fill it out. if you are applying for a job, any answer you give will be kept private and will not be used against you in any way.
if you already work for us, your answer will not be used against you in any way. because a person may become disabled at any time, we are required to ask all of our employees to update their information every five years. you may voluntarily self-identify as having a disability on this form without fear of any punishment because you did not identify as having a disability earlier.


how do i know if i have a disability?


you are considered to have a disability if you have a physical or mental impairment or medical condition that substantially limits a major life activity, or if you have a history or record of such an impairment or medical condition.
disabilities include, but are not limited to:


blindness
deafness
cancer
diabetes
epilepsy
autism
cerebral palsy
hiv/aids
schizophrenia
muscular dystrophy
bipolar disorder
major depression
multiple sclerosis (ms)
missing limbs or partially missing limbs
post-traumatic stress disorder (ptsd)
obsessive compulsive disorder
impairments requiring the use of a wheelchair
intellectual disability (previously called mental retardation)




please check one of the boxes below:

 yes, i have a disability (or previously had a disability) no, i don’t have a disability i don’t wish to answer






your name
today's date





reasonable accommodation notice


federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified individuals with disabilities. please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job or to perform your job. examples of reasonable accommodation include making a change to the application process or work procedures,
								providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment.

isection 503 of the rehabilitation act of 1973, as amended. for more information about this form or the equal employment obligations of federal contractors, visit the u.s. department of labor’s office of federal contract compliance programs (ofccp) website at www.dol.gov/ofccp. 

public burden statement: according to the paperwork reduction act of 1995 no persons are required to respond to a collection of information unless such collection displays a valid omb control number. this survey should take about 5 minutes to complete.















forward this position




				recipient email address (one)
			

 



				your name
			

 



				your email address
			

 



				enter a message (optional)
			

 








human check*





  



















