





		intern  software developer 668711 - careers at epsilon systems inc	



























career opportunities with epsilon systems inc
a great place to work.









careers at epsilon systems inc



share with friends or subscribe!





 





current job opportunities are posted here as they become available.
subscribe to our rss feeds to receive instant updates as new positions become available.










		    back to openings		    






intern - software developer (668711)

 department:
kab
 location:
san diego, ca

start your application


kab laboratories, inc. (http://kablab.com), a wholly-owned subsidiary of epsilon systems solutions, inc. is seeking a temporary, full-time front-end software developer intern during the summer for our san diego, ca office. 
summary: as a front-end web developer, you will be responsible for prototyping, designing and implementing new web-based user interfaces using the latest features in html5 and recent javascript frameworks.
duties and responsibilities:

write well-designed, testable and efficient code that meets technical requirements.
participate in a highly collaborative team environment, contributing to all phases of the development lifecycle using agile/scrum methodologies.
assist in the troubleshooting of code defects and deployment of timely fixes.
deliver projects on time and with the highest quality.

required qualifications:

working towards bachelor’s degree in software engineering or related discipline.
experience with object-oriented software analysis, design, development, test and evaluation.
web ui development experience using javascript, html5, and css3.
experience using javascript frameworks and libraries, including angularjs, bootstrap, nodejs, jquery, etc…
an affinity towards creating responsive/reactive websites that adhere to a standard look and feel.
good interpersonal skills and the ability to communicate with all levels of business users and management.
ability to work individually and on team projects in an environment of teamwork and cooperation.
effective written, oral, and presentation skills.

preferred qualifications:

experience with web based mapping apis such as arcgis and openlayers.
restful api consumption and design (build & consume services).
experience with js-based build tools like grunt, gulp, and bower.
experience with maven, jboss, tomcat, virtual machines, and containers.
experience with agile, scrum.
working knowledge and understanding of relational database technologies and database management systems (e.g. mysql, postgresql, oracle).

ada notations:

able to handle prolonged sitting and use of computer.
office environment.

kab laboratories and its subsidiaries are proud to be equal employment opportunity and affirmative action employers, minority/female/disabled/veterans.

 


start your applicationor 






 visit our home page © 2017 epsilon systems inc 

applicant tracking system powered by 

















