


search for jobs -jr. software engineer / programmer


















































please enable cookies to continue
please enable cookies in your browser to experience all the personalized features of this site, including the ability to apply for a job.







welcome page







returning candidate?

log back in!












jr. software engineer / programmer


location

us-ca-san diego





job id

2017-46584


# of openings remaining

1


category

engineering


residency status

u.s. citizenship required


clearance

no clearance required


employee type

regular


time type

full time









overview






vencore is a proven provider of information solutions, engineering and analytics for the u.s. government. with more than 40 years of experience working in the defense, civilian and intelligence communities, vencore designs, develops and delivers high impact, mission-critical services and solutions to overcome its customers most complex problems. headquartered in chantilly, virginia, vencore employs 3,800 engineers, analysts, it specialists and other professionals who strive to be the best at everything they do. vencore is an aa/eeo employer - minorities/women/veterans/disabled








responsibilities






the desired qualifications 2 years of experience designing multi-tier, distributed enterprise it solutions using leading commercial database management systems (dbms), including ms sql server, oracle series and commercial application development platforms including the microsoft family of technologies (e.g. .net) oracle application express (apex).the desired education is a bachelor’s degree in a technically related field (ie, computer science/engineering/programming).working knowledge of agile software development methodologies including scrum is desired.0-2 years of experience in programming software languages is desired.the contractor must be familiar with both federal (e.g. ieee/eia 12207.0, "standard for information technology – software life cycle processes) and commercial it system development standards.common languages and technologies include apex, javascript, angular js, c#.net, spring, classic .asp, html/css, sharepoint and web services.desired certifications include microsoft development track certifications, oracle certified professional, ibm rational certification.  








qualifications






requires 0 to 2 years with bs/ba or 6 to 8 years no degree.  





options

apply for this job onlineapplysharesubmit employee referralrefer


sorry the share function is not working properly at this moment. please refresh the page and try again later.

share on your newsfeed




create your talent network profile




not ready to apply? connect with us for general consideration.







share
|








vencore is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer

application faqssoftware powered by icimswww.icims.com









