



job application for software engineer ii-commerce platform at sony interactive entertainment playstation























          apply now
        
software engineer ii-commerce platform

        at sony interactive entertainment playstation
      

        san diego, ca
      


recognized as a global leader in interactive and digital entertainment, sony interactive entertainment (sie) is responsible for the playstation® brand and family of products and services. playstation has delivered innovation to the market since the launch of the original playstation in japan in 1994. the playstation family of products and services include playstation®4, playstation®vr, playstation®vita, playstation®3, playstation®store, playstation®plus, playstation™video, playstation™music, playstation™now, playstation™vue, playstation®original and acclaimed playstation software titles from sie worldwide studios. headquartered in san mateo, california, sie is a wholly-owned subsidiary of sony corporation and has global functions and regional headquarters in california, london and tokyo. 
why work when you can play?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sdl9enxepew
about the role and how you will spend your time:
at the center of the playstation network is the commerce platform that services 30+ million customers every day.  the commerce platform delivers a wide range of services including product browsing, purchasing, pricing, subscription, fulfillment, payment options and more.
as a software engineer ii, you will:

perform in-depth analysis of functional or business requirements and assist with solution design.
be responsible for sound technology choices and implementing them in a fashion that is durable and scalable.
design and implement interactive web-based services.
create and maintain java and c++  code and provide component level designs for the sony playstation network platform.
participate in code review.
prepare and execute unit tests.

required experience: 

bs degree in computer science or equivalent;
3+ years solid java programming and systems experience.
2+ years of c++ programming.
experience with test driven development and test automation.
experience with sql and databases, especially oracle.
experience developing applications on unix/linux platforms
experience in full life-cycle agile software development.
experience in object-oriented analysis and design.
experience with java application servers/containers.
experience using source control such as git and bug tracking systems in a team environment.

desired experience and attributes: 

experience in ecommerce platforms, payments, and/or fraud.
experience in developing cross-platform code.
experience building scalable, highly available, systems with very high levels of concurrency and transactions.
experience working with cloud development environment such as aws.
experience with caching solutions such as memcached.
experience with nosql database such as cassandra.
you possess a drive and passion for quality with the ability to inspire, excite and motivate other team members.
you have outstanding verbal and written communication skills, and are able to work with others at all levels.
you’re effective at working with geographically remote and culturally diverse teams.
your curiosity drives you to go beyond your immediate assignments and actively learn everything you can about the systems you support. you’re not afraid to ask questions.

why playstation network
playstation network is growing by leaps and bounds and we need talented developers to help us keep up with our passionate global customer base. this is an opportunity to work with a fun team of people on interesting projects where you have an opportunity to influence the development direction.
benefits & perks:

competitive salary
401k with company match; education assistance, generous paid leave, and more
on site gym and cafe
release celebrations & happy hours
break rooms with networked ps4s; monthly voucher for game/video/music usage
inter-office hackathon competitions

sony is an equal opportunity employer. all persons will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, pregnancy, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, legally protected physical or mental disability, covered veteran status, status in the u.s. uniformed services, sexual orientation, marital status, genetic information or membership in any other legally protected category. 
we strive to create an inclusive environment, empower employees and embrace diversity. we encourage everyone to respond. 
we sincerely appreciate the time and effort you spent in contacting us and we thank you for your interest in playstation.
 
#li-gm1







apply for this job

* required
        











(optional)

almost there! review your information then click 'submit application' to apply.



first name *



last name *



email *



phone *




              location (city)
            



resume/cv *


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 














cover letter


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 

















how did you hear about this job?
    





without telling us which one, are you any of the following: a united states citizen, a united states permanent resident, a temporary resident through amnesty, a refugee or an asylee? *



--
yes
no


will you now or in the future require sponsorship for employment visa status (e.g. h-1b visa status)? *



please selectyes
no


this role is located in san diego, ca.  please describe your motivation/ability to relocate to san diego if you do not currently reside in the area: *













 



share this job:    













powered by 

 
      read our privacy policy
















