
















qualcomm careers - job detail












skip navigation













































toggle navigation   

qualcomm


search jobs

drop & go


my profile



how to apply & faqs








go to qualcomm careers












search jobs









myprofile


































job detail



















 







job id
												



													e1958251
												


job title
												

linux embedded software developer (iot devices)




post date
													

12/04/2017
													






														company
													
												



																	qualcomm innovation center
																
															





job area
												


													engineering - software                          
													




location
												


													california - san diego
													




job overview
													



we are looking for a talented, motivated and experienced embedded software engineer with expertise in linux. this role includes design and development of linux based platform that will be used as building blocks for different iot products. the primary focus will be linux frameworks. we use yocto projects poky distribution which is based on openembedded and bitbake. candidate will use that distribution to bring up common platform (bootloader, kernel, user space) on qualcomm chipset by writing recipes, makefile etc. strong understanding of build environment, cross-compilation and toolchains is required.
as part of this team, we support internal technology teams by providing debug tools, ide and release infrastructure . we also work with various internal cross functional teams to debug issues, suggest process improvements and to improve build efficiency.
this position is with qualcomm's fully-owned subsidiary, the qualcomm innovation center (quic). quic is focused on open source software development and participates in the open source community.
responsibilities:
design, implement and drive new user space features based on linux platforms as scalable and performant on low power hardware as possible
debug and fix complex problems involving multiple modules from user space and kernel space
understanding of gnu toolchains (gcc, glibc, binutils, etc)
contribute in pre-silicon and post-silicon bringup of future chipsets







all qualcomm employees are expected to actively support diversity on their teams, and in the company.



minimum qualifications
													



2 to 6 years of industry experience in the following:c/c++ programming skills including data structures and algorithmsproblem solving and debugging skills, experience with linux debug tools and jtag working in unix/linux environments & software development



preferred qualifications
													



understanding of openembedded and bitbake, 
experience in python, perl, nodejs, c, c++, shell, java 
experience using git for development; patch/tree management 
excellent communication, interpersonal, and teamwork skills 
independent and motivated problem solver











education requirements
												


required: bachelor's, computer engineering and/or computer science and/or electrical engineeringpreferred: master's, computer engineering and/or computer science and/or electrical engineering




													keywords
												













														you will need to  
														login
														into your profile to apply for this job.
														
														if you are a  
														new user, click here
														to create a profile.
													




messages








 




return to search results


send this job to a friend



 

  


applicants:

												if you need an accommodation, during the application/hiring process, you may request an accommodation by sending email to accommodationsupport@qualcomm.com





to all staffing and recruiting agencies:

											our careers site is only for individuals seeking a job at qualcomm.
											staffing and recruiting agencies and individuals being represented
											by an agency are not authorized to use this site or to submit profiles,
											applications or resumes, and any such submissions will be considered
											unsolicited. qualcomm does not accept unsolicited resumes or applications
											from agencies. please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias,
											qualcomm employees or any other company location. qualcomm is not
											responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes/applications.
											





eeo employer: including race, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, disability & veterans status.

















about qualcomm
contact us
careers
offices


qualcomm


twitter
facebook
linkedin
youtube
googleplus
pinterest






terms of use
privacy
cookie policy
©2013 qualcomm incorporated and/or its subsidiaries. all rights reserved.

nothing in this material is an
						offer to sell any of the components or devices referenced herein.
						references to "qualcomm" may mean qualcomm incorporated, or
						subsidiaries or business units within the qualcomm corporate
						structure, as applicable.materials that are as of a specific date,
						including but not limited to press releases, presentations, blog
						posts and webcasts, may have been superseded by subsequent events
						or disclosures.










