




pint - jobs: engineer - web | software - apply online























all jobs
→
engineer - web | software

engineer - web | software
san diego, california, united states

descriptionpint wants to meet engineers who are dedicated to building for the web.  we have been creating sites, applications and software for over 20 years, and our team is made up of a combination of industry veterans, ambitious neophytes, academic authorities and digital enterprise innovators.engineers should submit their candidacy to pint to work on solutions to unique problems.  our engineers are not task robots…we ask our team to carefully research issues, craft well-conceived pocs and make thoughtful development suggestions.  we know that reading code is as important as writing code, and we know that some of the most important solutions are created by engineers without writing any code at all.if you see yourself as an experienced engineer who wants to have a voice in development decisions or if you are more junior and you are committed to developing professionally, pint might be for you.  you'll need to care about more than just the codebase, though.from business requirements and design through deployment and maintainability our engineers care about providing the best-possible experiences for our users and we work together, across disciplines, to deliver.  we accept projects and clients that promise novel challenges and we look to our team to seek out the solutions to those challenges.we're a good group, we help each other and we take the work seriously…ourselves, not so much.  if you want to continue to learn and to build cool stuff, please let us know.requirements bachelors degree in cs or ee, me, math, cogsci, hci or similar, with applicable coursework and/or web experience significant industry experience and/or a personal portfolio/repo that demonstrates web interest solid background/interest in node.js and/or php with many popular frameworks (you can enjoy python, c#, ruby, go or haskell but let's be honest…if you work all over the web, php and javascript are going to be a big part of your life) demonstrable work with relational and nosql databases and the efficiency and security concerns they elicit strong command of networking fundamentals collaborative engineering with a git workflow is required and deployment/ops interest is ideal client-side technologies should not be a mystery (you don't have to be a designer, but you should know how to speak a browser's languages) benefitswe offer industry-competitive salaries, health, dental, vision and 401(k) benefits. pint is an equal opportunity employer.follow us on twitter @pintsdcheck out our blog for recent launches and newssee some of our other software and application projectsour president also writes books and teaches classes

apply for this job












current  openings










about pint
pint is a leader in the web industry with 20 years of web design, software development and consulting experience. pint's principals are also the founders of two software companies - zingchart and port80 software. we not only build sites and applications for leading organizations in california, the u.s. and worldwide, but help move the industry forward with our books, instruction at universities, and conference participation.






who we are
what we do
our clients
contact us


call us today!
858-270-2086







twitter


twitter


google+


pint blog



privacy policy
student resources
careers
info@pint.com

© 1995-2017 pint, inc.









