






software engineer (part-time or full-time), san diego | whova jobs

















































 








 






+1 (855) 978-6578
hello@whova.com
organizer log-in
 

tips
our story
faq    
  
 
 










product

mobile event app
event management tools
online registration
event marketing


pricing
testimonials

selected customer portfolio
organizer testimonials
attendee testimonials


case studies
resources

tips
how-to guide
e-books
whova news
case studies


get price quote
 


select page


  
 



 



 










job list

 

software engineer
(part-time or full-time) 
			 
whova revolutionizes event engagement and attendee networking by providing the whova mobile app and services to support many events, conferences, expos etc. globally everyday. whova is a fast-growing company with strong technology in big data analysis and mobile app services, and we are backed by venture capital and seasoned angel investors in silicon valley as well as government funding. we have many customers in america, europe, asia, etc., and the app has been used in prestigious and famous events including more than 30 tedx events, more than 50 entrepreneur centers in universities in the us, corporations / business conferences and expos, national associations, academic conferences, meetups and networking events. checkout our video and testimonials for more details.
if you’re passionate about coding and are looking for a unique opportunity to have impact on the way people network in the numerous events, consider joining us at whova.
responsibilities

as a software engineer you will build and develop whova mobile backend / web platform / website / internal web applications / data analysis
you will specialize in building responsive and elegant web applications through the design and development of object-oriented javascript.

requirements

experience with java, python, javascript , html, css
experience with web frameworks (angular, ember, backbone)

bonus points for

django project
python, mysql, less, angularjs
experience with hadoop, hbase

 
 

 how to apply?
send your resume to jobs@whova.com, we'll be in touch with you soon.
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 




whova solution 
whova event app
online registration
management tools 
event marketing
pricing
  company contact
careers (best place to work award winner!)
press
free e-books
  information event management tips
faq
terms of use
privacy policy
events
sitemap
  connect with us 
      
    
 



 


copyright © 2017 whova all rights reserved.
 

 
 
 


pin it on pinterest































