





software engineer - san diego, ca - empowr jobs









 














home
jobs




software engineer - san diego, ca

toggle navigation








software engineer 

jobslogin 











 san diego, ca, usa full time 



email me similar jobs email me this job



what's next in the world of social networks?
empowr (www.empowr.com) is building the world's first social economy. what's a social economy? a social economy is taking the best of what you love about your favorite social network and allowing you the opportunity to monetize your time while you're there. it could be blogging about your passion, selling goods and services or using your expertise to help someone else become successful. we are building a platform that will enable the community to help itself through crowd-sourcing the expertise in the community. we will empower the community to help each other so that everybody wins.
what is empowr looking for?
we are building out our local san diego engineering team! these engineers will be responsible for building our product features and functionality. we have a huge vision and complex product so we need engineers who can create a clean and scalable code.
technical expertise required:

3-5 years experience developing with the microsoft stack c#, .net frameworks, etc.
1-3 years experience developing with javascript, angular.
1-3 years of experience developing with html5, css3.
bs or advanced degree in computer science or related technical discipline.
mobile experience a plus.

the ideal candidate will have:

great communication skills
a get-it-done attitude
the ability to work in a team setting
passion for coding
a background in computer science or computer engineering

why should i join empowr?
by now you've probably seen our website and the answer should be simple: you want to be a part of a team that's going to create a game changing social economy. you want to help build a social economy with the potential to touch and help billions of users across the globe. you will get to help shape the product and company as we scale and grow. you will get to work with a world-class leadership team, as well as specialists across technology, design, program, and strategy who have unparalleled knowledge and understanding of the social networking domain.
where are you located?
our headquarters are in downtown san diego. if you're a great candidate, but not in san diego we are happy to help you relocate.
610 west ash st., san diego, ca 92101
for immediate consideration please send a copy of your updated resume and/or cover letter to lead recruiter, jasmine carrillo, at jcarrillo@empowr.com

empowr
https://empowr.applicantpro.com






apply now
with our quick 3 minute application!



you have javascript disabled on your browser. you will not be able to apply for this position without enabling javascript. if you need assistance with enabling javascript, please click here for assistance.





 

* fields are required




what is your full name?




first name



last name





how can we contact you?


email





phone number



number type

home
cell
work






what is your preferred method of communication?


email
text message






apply for this position
apply for this position
by clicking the button above, i agree to applicantpro's applicant information use policy. 






sign up for job alerts!








share this page







 


 


hiring software maintained by applicantpro - © 2017



refresh




 
 
 
 







go
common questions



















