full stack software engineer - bigbear, inc.full stack software engineersd areasan diego, ca, united states  bigbear, inc. is a leading provider of big data computing and analytic solutions. we help people make sense of their data using our cloud-based platform and big data processing algorithms. each day, we crunch massive volumes of structured and unstructured data into usable and actionable information for our customers.job description:we currently have an immediate position for a talented and passionate full stack engineer to build high-performing, scalable, enterprise-grade applications. you will be responsible for building quality spa's, from the front-end down to the database. you should be comfortable on the whiteboard, with good design and ux, as well as, building rest apis. you will collaborate directly with customers to ensure our products meet and exceed design requirements. the successful candidate will be a self-starter that demonstrates excellent communication and problem solving skills with a focus on customer service.required:us citizenship.bs/ms degree in computer science, engineering or a related subjectexperience in one or more of the following: javascript, python, java, c# or a similar high-level language.experience with linux/unix/macos environments.experience developing single page applications with angular, react, vue, reagent, re-frame.experience with a back-end framework for creating crud apis (e.g. django, flask, node, rails).experience with design, ui/ux, html, css.strong communication and leadership skills.strong desire to learn and master new technologies.adaptive to different technology interfaces and frameworks.preferred:experience with geospatial technologies (e.g. leaflet, open streetmap id editor, esri arc).experience with a functional programming language (e.g. clojure, clojurescript, scala, lisp).experience with the cloud deployment/orchestration, (e.g. aws, kubernetes, mesos, docker swarm).experience with elastic technologies (elasticsearch, kibana, etc.).experience with unit, integration, and acceptance testing.experience working in an agile/scrum development process.experience with performance tuning.bigbear is an equal opportunity employerremind me to apply laterclearwant to apply later?type your email address below to receive a reminderemailerrorrequired fieldcancelsend reminderapply to jobfirst nameerrorrequired fieldlast nameerrorrequired fieldemailerrorrequired fieldphone numbererrorwebsiteerrorresumeattachattachclearinsert_drive_filedeletecover letterattachattachclearinsert_drive_filedeletesubmitprivacy.terms