


        software engineer:  autonomous navigation architectures (all levels) -        brain corporation -         job board
    

























 






view our website



view all jobs















at brain corporation, we apply neuroscience to robotics. we are intrigued by the secrets of the brain and we use simulations to understand neural computations. we are passionate about changing the world with smarter robots that have artificial nervous systems, and we are looking for exceptional people to join us in that mission. 10 reasons to join brain corporation exciting. work on the biggest scientific challenge of the century.talented. join a team of passionate engineers, scientists & developers.well-paid. industry-level salary, stock-options & end-of-year bonuses.insured. excellent health, dental & vision insurance.healthy. many healthy choices for your free breakfast & lunch at work.tech-savvy. android, iphone or windows? choose your free smartphone when you join.active. live 5 minutes from the ocean. great weather lets you bike to work, hike, climb, surf or dive any day of the year.family-friendly. san diego is home to legoland, sea world, the san diego zoo, balboa park, fleet science center, and the padres.retreats. all-expense-paid company events for the whole family, from deep-sea fishing to paint-balling.cutting-edge. attend conferences like iros, icra, nips, cosyne, cvpr. 



software engineer:  autonomous navigation architectures (all levels)


san diego, ca                    

full time                

engineering                    

mid level                


















brain corp is a san diego-based a.i. company that specializes in the development of self-driving technology. our a.i. tech represents the next generation of artificial brains for robots - it enables machines to perceive, learn, and navigate complex environments, while avoiding people and obstacles. we partner with commercial equipment manufacturers, and global consumer electronics brands, to transform their products into self-driving robots.
we are looking for innovative and motivated individuals with research & development background in the field of autonomous navigation architectures to join our team.  as a core member of our ai division, you will work with our world-class team of engineers and scientists to build a platform for the next generation of intelligent machines. your experience will be pivotal in advancing our mission: safe and reliable robots everywhere.
requirements:

m.s. or ph.d degree in computer science, software engineering or a related field.
experience in design and prototype for autonomous navigation architectures
experience in building internal representations of the environment that is useful for path planning and control of autonomous vehicles
strong coding skills python and c++ in linux environment
extensive experience converting publications to actual implementations

differentiators:

2+ years experience (industry experience preferred)
experience designing and developing robotic systems using a robotic middleware (such as ros), and existing libraries and tools.
experience with continuous integration, deployment and release management tools
experience with agile and scrum methodology
proven system integration and software architecture skills

 
this position is located in our san diego headquarters and reports to the vp of engineering & ai.

read more



apply for position








            apply for this position        
required*



apply with linkedin







apply with indeed









first name*



last name*



email address*



address*
















phone*



resume*

attach resume
                    or
                    paste resume



                        attach resume as .pdf, .doc, or .docx (limit 2mb) or
                        paste resume


 




                            paste your resume here or
                            attach resume file









cover letter*



who referred you to this position?



what's your citizenship / employment eligibility?*
no answeri am a u.s. citizen/permanent residentnon-citizen allowed to work for any employernon-citizen allowed to work for current employernon-citizen seeking work authorizationi am a canadian citizen/permanent residentother 

linkedin profile url:



desired salary*



earliest start date?*



in 150 characters or fewer, tell us what makes you unique. try to be creative and say something that will catch our eye!*

150


the following questions are entirely optional.

                        to comply with government equal employment opportunity / affirmative action reporting regulations, we are requesting (but not requiring) that you enter this personal data. this information will not be used in connection with any employment decisions, and will be used solely as permitted by state and federal law. your voluntary cooperation would be appreciated. learn more.
                    



gender

decline to answerfemalemale

 


race/ethnicity

decline to answerwhite (not hispanic)african american/black (not hispanic)hispanic/latinoasianpacific islanderamerican indiannative alaskannative hawaiianmulti-racial

 


veteran/disability status

decline to answerdisabled veteranspecial disabled veteranvietnam era veteran3 yr. recently separated veteran1 yr. recently separated veteranother protected veterandisabled individualnot applicable

 


submit application














×close
forward this position





recipient email address (one)



your name



your email address



enter a message (optional)
the message cannot contain links




human check*




















powered by















