















software engineer





























search by keyword




search by location








email similar jobs to me

please enable javascript to subscribe.











share this job























software engineer

apply now »


date: 
dec 10, 2017
                


location: 
pittsburgh, pa, us


software engineer-trcs-uswm01371763descriptionsoftware engineerrequisition number: (trcs-uswm01371763)bombardier transportation is the number one provider of rail solutions in the world. our business holds the number one global market position in eight of the ten markets we service. our product portfolio includes a full range of passenger rail vehicles and we manufacture locomotives, bogies, propulsion and rail control solutions.at bombardier, our employees work together to evolve mobility worldwide - one good idea at a time. if you have a good idea, we'll provide the environment where it will thrive and grow into a great product or customer experience. your ideas are our fuel.based in pittsburgh, pennsylvania, we are looking for a software engineer for bombardier’s rail systems division to support turnkey projects including all phases on project execution. this position involves the candidate having am understanding of electrical and computer engineering, working in both disciplines to ensure that the system meets design requirements. the nature of our projects will require the successful applicant to be able to work across several diverse projects simultaneously, understand system-level implementation strategies, and draw similarities between these scenarios whenever possible.as a result, familiarity with communications based rail signaling systems (cbtc) is advantageous, as is experience in a regulated industry. the candidate must also be willing to support users of tools both in pittsburgh and internationally. for this reason, the capacity to work harmoniously and thrive in teams with diverse backgrounds and language skills is necessary.in your role you will:- knowledge of, or desire to work in or develop experience working in the rail signaling, or other safety related software experience- responsible for that all sw design activities in a project are performed according to applicable processes. coordinate the plans, strategies and tasks with the project manager, test coordinator, system engineer, safety engineer and safety validator. participate in project ccbs- report the progress, status, issues, risks and remaining work to test coordinator. continuously look for improvements in our products, tools and processes. write ncrs for errors found in the systems under test and the test environments. continuously look for improvements in our products, tools and processes.- integrate sub-systems in system lab, and make sure that the system under test is ready for system test.- work as a team in a dynamic work environmentqualificationsas our ideal candidate:·         b.s. in computer science, computer engineering, electrical engineering or equivalent·         knowledge of the business·         2+ years experience in a embedded engineering role (computer, software or electrical engineering)·         leadership – management or technical·         should be willing to assume some responsibility in directing technical tasks.·          problem solving·         must possess an understanding of software development, including exposure to database design, embedded systems and algorithm analysis. must be able to program in the ‘c’, c#, .net and c++ language. must know fundamentals of electronic circuit design. knowledge of version control system is a plus.·         area & nature of impact·         develop diverse software solutions for use by the wayside and vehicle teams as we work to meet project delivery.·         interpersonal & communication skills·         ability to work as part of a team, willingness to accept personal responsibility for deliverables and clear communication skills.- you demonstrate critical attention to detail and deadlines, and are self-motivated;- you adapt well to change in direction and priorities in a project and deadline-oriented environment;- you possess strong organizational and prioritization skills;- you can operate independently while establishing strong working relationships with co-workers and cross-functional teams;- your written and verbal english communication skills are excellentwe thank all applicants for their interest; however, only those under consideration will be contacted.bombardier is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer.  all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, age, disability status, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state, or local laws.job: softwareprimary location: us-pa-pittsburghorganization: transportationschedule: full-timeemployee status: regularjob posting: 10.11.2017, 5:00:00 amunposting date10.01.2018, 4:59:00 am
        


nearest major market: pittsburgh
                    
                

job segment: 
genetics, developer, software engineer, engineer, electrical, science, technology, engineering
                    




apply now »




find similar jobs: 

software engineer jobs,
product development jobs,
jobs in the united states,
engineering jobs,
engineer jobs







careers home
working at bombardier
students & graduates
news & events



© bombardier
		                    2017
		                
bombardier.com
socialmatcher
top job searches
view all jobs
privacy policy
































