





















careers













sr. big data engineer
it - data analytics (325) | information technology | austin, tx

about us:have you ever had the opportunity to impact the lives of millions of people in a meaningful way and help them enjoy time away with their friends and families building memories? that is what we do here at homeaway.com, an expedia inc. company. we are the leading vacation rental website in the world with more than one million online bookable vacation rentals. our mission is to make every vacation rental in the world available to every traveler in the world through our online marketplace and we're committed to helping families and friends find the perfect vacation rental to create unforgettable travel experiences together. we are looking for big data engineers to join our analytics data services team, which is focused on enabling advanced analytics supporting both product and business teams. as a big data engineer on analytics data services team, you will focus on making rich datasets/solutions available, understandable and extensible for several business and product teams in the company. success in this role comes from marrying a strong edw/big data engineering background, product and business acumen to deliver scalable technical solutions that can enable self-service advanced analytics at homeaway.what we look for:flawless execution, engineering excellence, tech savvy, business & product acumen, creative problem solverresponsibilities: • build and support scalable and durable data solutions that can enable self-service advanced analytics at homeaway using both traditional (sql server) and modern dw technologies (hadoop, spark, cloud, nosql etc.) in an agile manner • participate in all aspects of the software life cycle, including analysis, design, development, unit testing, production deployment and support • capable of working closely with business and product teams to ensure data solutions are aligned with business initiatives and are of high quality • collaborate and validate implementation with data analytics team and other technical team members.  • ensure that the platform goes through continuous integration (ci) and continuous deployment (cd) with devops automation • create big data accelerators to help deploy scalable solutions fast. qualifications: • bachelors or master’s degree in computer science or engineering or related experience required. • 6+ years of experience working with large scale data warehouses and are familiar with data warehousing concepts • 3+ years of experience designing, building and operating distributed batch and stream/compute etl data pipelines using technologies such as kafka, spark, hadoop, hive, presto, and amazon web services (aws) • 2+ years of programming language experience required, preferably in scala, python or java • experience desired with database warehousing design concepts, data modeling, etl/elt, data marts, and data cubes • experience in all aspects of data management including database design, etl, aggregation strategy, and performance optimization • excellent communication skills with both technical and non-technical audiences • experience in e-commerce or internet industry preferred.benefits:• competitive health and insurance benefits• competitive salary• annual target bonus or commission• paid vacation and sick time• vacation rental on a yearly basis (taxable benefit)• employee stock purchase program• free snacks and beverages• frequent company update talks with our leadership team• free listing on homeaway.com• electronic, adjustable stand-up desk• discounted metro & rail pass• casual dress code

apply








