opcity - data scientistdata scientistaustin, txengineeringfull-timeapply for this jobhere at opcity, we help real estate brokers, lenders and settlement service providers serve online customers. the number of home buyers/sellers who start their process online is growing much faster than the industry as a whole. opcity makes the real estate experience better by instantly and seamlessly matching consumers to the best agent for them, and facilitates the buying and selling process by connecting and coordinating the vital services within the home buying/selling ecosystem. through our proprietary matching algorithm and sms live-transfer and mobile application distribution platform, opcity is able to instantly connect the best agent with the highest probability of conversion to the right consumer at the right time. opcity’s matching model is based on sixteen (16) years of agent historical performance, predictive analytics, and a learning model of iterative improvement. opcity’s network of providers, technology platform and toolkit allow opcity to be the primary concierge for the consumer during the home buying/selling experience. this is an excellent opportunity to assist in the growth of a ground-breaking and innovative start-up! we are looking for a self-starting data scientist to tackle some of the most interesting problems in the real estate space. as a data scientist here at opcity you will help define and build the opcity recommendation system from the ground up.  you will have the freedom to test and explore the data where any decision will have an immediate visible impact.  an ideal candidate should be able to tackle a new problem space with minimal guidance. they should have the drive and ability to meet with relevant stakeholders, understand and model relevant data, and effectively communicate with an engineering team to put models into production. they should also be demonstrated lifelong learners and team players; willing to take advice and fill gaps in their knowledge when required.data scientist responsibilitieswork with data scientists, product managers, and all other relevant stakeholders to frame a problem, both mathematically and within the business contextperform exploratory data analysis to gain a deeper understanding of the problemconstruct and fit statistical, machine learning, or optimization modelswrite production modeling code; collaborate with software engineers to implement algorithms in productionanalyze experimental and observational data; communicate findings; facilitate launch decisionsdata scientist experience and skillsm.s. or ph.d. in statistics, operations research, mathematics, computer science, or other quantitative field or a b.a./b.s. with 3+ years professional or research experiencematching and recommendation algorithmspassion for solving unstructured and non-standard mathematical problemsend-to-end experience with data, including querying, aggregation, analysis, and visualizationproficiency with sqlproficiency with python familiarity with bayesian techniqueswillingness to collaborate and communicate with others to solve a problemthe position requires prolonged standing or sitting and repetitive hand and wrist motion. operates phones, computers, fax machines, copiers, and other office equipment.diversity is important to us, therefore, opcity is an equal opportunity employer regardless of age, color, national origin, race, religion, creed, gender, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, marital status, status as a disabled veteran and/or veteran of the vietnam era or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local law. in addition, opcity will provide reasonable accommodations for otherwise qualified disabled individuals.apply for this jobjobs powered by 