


		data scientist -		blacklocus - 		job board
	










































 


go to our website »












« go back to job listings


data scientist



location: austin, tx		

department: data science		

type: full time		

min. experience: experienced		





about us:
we’re an innovation lab, operating within the home depot, finding competitive edges with predictive analytics.  we get to have a massive impact on a 100 billion dollar company, given that we are impacting product pricing, assortment, margins and share.   we are the tiger team, focused on the ceo’s agenda, and we work on the high impact projects across the company, not in one functional area.   we're a polyglot team combining science with engineering, and we are lean and experimental.  we're engineers, analysts and scientists. we look for high leverage problems and attack them with the freedom to take risks. our team is small, with little hierarchy so everyone has an opportunity to make an impact.
the role:
the primary role of this position is to design, develop and execute statistical models, techniques and methods that are appropriate, effective and leading-edge across the retail industry to help meet or exceed the home depot’s objectives.  specific responsibilities of the position may include

developing data intelligence and in-house knowledge on online pricing and assortment
conducting exploratory and solution-focused analysis of online and store data
designing, developing, and testing measurement metrics and reporting on online pricing 
validating results and performance of solutions
creating and delivering presentations to home depot executives related to solutions, models and business analytics
conducting research into new or alternative methods and techniques

requirements:
the primary requirement for this role is a solid training and demonstrated expertise in quantitative fields, such as operations research, statistics, economics, and business analytics. in addition, candidates for this position need to possess the ability to solve analytical and software problems, think creatively and work effectively with teams of professionals engaged in tackling real-world business problems.

masters degree with 2 years industrial experience in operations research, statistics, mathematics, economics, or related discipline
experience in dealing with large data sets and a solid understanding of big data technologies and applications (aws, hadoop, mapreduce, hive, hbase, etc.) is a plus
experience in database management (ms sql, mysql, postgres, etc) and developing analytic solutions using statistical tools (e.g. r, sas, or similar)
strong programming skills with a solid understanding of object oriented languages and principles
solid hands on coding data science solutions in python, java, c++, or similar is a plus
sound presentation skills and visualizing complicated data science results in tableau or similar bi tool
strong team player that is a has initiative and drive
strong communication and interpersonal skills
curious and interested in learning about the core challenges facing the home depot, then crafting hypotheses to test
willing to travel as needed

 
our benefits

competitive base and bonus package.
restricted stock awards and employee stock purchase program
very competitive benefit package that covers you and your family on day one.
open and flexible pto
401(k)  eligible for matching company contribution after one year
stocked kitchen with frequent breakfast tacos and a catered weekly lunch.
work life balance
located in the heart of downtown austin.
start up culture.  big company benefits.






 

 

 





forward this position




				recipient email address (one)
			

 



				your name
			

 



				your email address
			

 



				enter a message (optional)
			

 








human check*





  




« go back to job listings













			apply for this position		

			* required fields
		















first name*





last name*





email address*





location 





phone number*





resume*


attach resume or
					paste resume





						attach resume as .pdf, .doc, or .docx (limit 2mb) or
						paste resume



 




						paste your resume here or
						attach resume file



 



cover letter*





in 150 characters or fewer, tell us what makes you unique. try to be creative and say something that will catch our eye!*



















 






