









software engineer - search - external careers





 




















skip to content










about
benefits
departments
locations
view all jobs
sign in











 


software engineer - search


                    austin
                









apply now


facebook
linkedin
twitter
google plus
send to a friend








ref#: r0001186
additional posting location(s): san francisco, san mateo

our mission.
as the world’s number 1 job site, our mission is to help people get jobs. we need talented, passionate people working together to make this happen. we are looking to grow our teams with people who share our energy and enthusiasm for creating the best experience for job seekers.


the team.
we are a rapidly growing and highly capable engineering team building the most popular job site on the planet. every month, over 200 million people count on us to help them find jobs, publish their resumes, process their job applications, and connect them to qualified candidates for their job openings. with engineering hubs in seattle, san francisco, austin, tokyo and hyderabad, we are improving people's lives all around the world, one job at a time.


your job.
if you are an engineer who's passionate about building innovative products that scale to tens of millions of page views a day, indeed is looking for you. indeed offers smart developers like you a complex development ecosystem with short release cycles. every week sees the new release of multiple products that meet the growing needs of millions of jobseekers worldwide. when you come to work at indeed, you"ll be working with a smart and diverse team of problem solvers who exhibit high energy, deep technical skills and a drive to get things done. we speak multiple languages working on multiple platforms: java, javascript, php, lucene, mysql, mongodb and many more. as part of a small collaborative team from engineering, operations and product management, you will work on areas such as feature extraction, document indexing, retrieval, and relevancy scoring. we constantly dig into the data available at indeed to analyze, inform and develop solutions to the right problems. if looking at data, slicing and dicing it in multiple ways and coming up with interesting insights is something you thrive upon, you will fit right in. responsibilitiesdesign, develop, and maintain pipelines that create search indexes out of data from large databasesconceive of and implement new features and ranking changes to improve search and ultimately help users find what they want continually improve/enhance search quality and web search infrastructure and performance dive deep into our job posting and search history data to understand different functional areas, and then use your creativity to come up with extraction and classification techniques that improve the quality of indeed's job search offering 


about you.
we're looking for someone whohas a passion for run-time performance thrives on simplifying complex information loves to learn and develop new skills continuously has a strong sense of ownership in every application they build requirementsbs in computer science or related area, or relevant work experience minimum 6 years experience in software development with at least 3 years in java programming deep background in information retrieval (ir), knowledge representation or computational linguistics significant experience with large scale, high performance systems. experience building solutions for high traffic web sites a plus indeed provides a variety of benefits that help us focus on our mission of helping people get jobs. view our bounty of perks: http://indeedhi.re/indeedbenefits



apply now



< back to search results






indeed is proud to be an equal opportunity employer, seeking to create a welcoming and diverse environment.
all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status.







                                facebook
                            


                                twitter
                            


                                youtube
                            


                                instagram
                            




©2017 indeed. all rights reserved.  *comscore, total visits march 2017









