
software engineer - java job - blinddata - pittsburgh, pa | indeed.com






















skip to job description, searchclose









find jobscompany reviewsfind salariesfind resumesemployers / post job







upload your resume


sign in







:







what
where





advanced job search


 

 



 



job title, keywords or company


city, state, or zip












software engineer - java

blinddata
     -
pittsburgh, pa


                $85,000 - $150,000 a year



got programming skills? get hired for your talent, not your resume!who we are: blinddata is a nontraditional recruiting platform used to identify the very best programmers using our proprietary standardized testing. designed by award-winning programmers as well as distinguished professors at top computer science universities, our technology-driven approach utilizes adaptive multiple choice and coding tests to uniformly assess the skill level of our candidates at no cost to you!what we do: we have developed the "sats" for software engineers. our mission is to eliminate unnecessary bias within the hiring process in order to connect employers with talented software engineers based on their skills, and not just their resume.who you are: applicants should be proficient in one of the following languages: python, c++, java, or php. it is not required to be proficient in more than one. we are looking for software engineers who are interested in working with talented teams. our candidate roster is rapidly expanding and you will have the opportunity to join companies in various roles.if you are interested in applying, visit www.blinddata.com/r/indeed and click on “test your talents!” to take our 20-minute online challenge. it’s as easy as that! this fast and free evaluation will help us assess your skillset. your online challenge score will determine if you are invited to the final round which consists of an in-person exam. after that point, you will become blinddata certified and entered into the pool of candidates to be matched with select employers, including blinddata’s own team. while we aim to match top blinddata candidates with select employer partners, we are also a growing company looking to hire top technical talent.job type: full-timesalary: $85,000.00 to $150,000.00 /year

4 days ago   -  save job









» apply now

            please review all application instructions before applying to blinddata.






other jobs you may like


software services engineer

synergy staffing -
					pittsburgh, pa
1 day ago


software engineer senior staff

general dynamics mission systems -
					pittsburgh, pa
5 days ago


software engineer (fixed-term), human-compute...

carnegie mellon university -
					pittsburgh, pa
5 days ago


software engineer

google -
					pittsburgh, pa
13 hours ago


software development engineer

smith & nephew -
					pittsburgh, pa
5 days ago





 




                        blinddata


                we are blinddata, llc

we are looking to hire several very talented backend software engineers for various roles.

applicants should be...



let employers find youthousands of employers search for candidates on indeedupload your resume










about - help center


©2017 indeed - cookies, privacy and terms



let employers find you  upload your resume









indeed salary estimatewe know salary is a key component of your decision whether or not to apply for a job. so when the hiring company hasn’t provided a salary for a job, we look at salary data from related companies and locations to come up with a reasonable estimate for what you can expect.with over 450,000,000 salaries collected from other jobs and employees, we use one of the biggest salary databases in the world to inform these estimates. and because we are continually adding feedback from users like you, we are able to keep refining our accuracy.these salary estimates are not endorsed by the hiring companies and may vary from what’s actually offered, but we have a pretty great record of getting close enough for you to make an informed decision.is this your job listing? send us feedback to correct an inaccurate salary estimate.

