



actionet, inc.














.



 








 
      












current opening

click on 'apply now' to submit your application for this position.



software developer - junior



educationbachelor's degree

experience02 - 04 years

citizenship requirementus citizen

clearance requiredpublic trust

locationpa - pittsburgh

  



job responsibilities

actionet is seeking qualified candidates to support it services to meet the business and research needs of a world class laboratory providing high quality it support services.  we are looking for individuals who thrive in a team structure as a business partner attentive to our customer’s success. our focus is on customer service and continuous improvement. the ideal candidate will be both professional and knowledgeable, with the necessary experience and skill to maintain and operate the customer it environment and integrate future upgrades, enhancements, and developments.  support will be provided mainly in morgantown, wv; pittsburgh, pa; and albany, or., supporting infrastructure operations comprising of project management, quality assurance, help desk, desktop, vip, meeting room, governance, enterprise, hosting, network, telecommunications, system engineering and research engineering it support services; cyber security support including information assurance and cyber operations; enterprise application engineering including software engineering/development, sharepoint administration/development, system analysis, and database administration (oracle and sql);  and future it services including cloud solutions, mobile computing, virtualization, wireless networking and bring-your-own device management/engineering.

skills required

• bachelors degree years of experience or associates degree and 2 years of experience or commensurate experience in field and/or appropriate technical certification
• proven customer service skills in an it environment
• strong oral and written communication skills
• must be a u.s. citizen
• must be able to obtain and maintain a public trust clearance

skills preferred

• applicable certifications

  

    

















actionet has a mentor program designed to get you up to speed in 
      your new job quickly...helping you succeed and grow with the company. 
      


 








 
actionet inc. is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer. 





