


        front-end developer -        4moms -         job board
    

























 






view our website



view all jobs















join our team 4moms is a special place! we accomplish great things and have a great time doing it.our mission is to develop dramatically better juvenile products and build a great company. but what's that mean?well, dramatically better products redefine the most important attribute in their category. take a look at the origami's power, the mamaroo's motions or the breeze's fold and we think you'll understand what we're after.and great companies care about more than just financial success. just look through our photo albums on facebook and you see that 4moms is more than a company, we're a family. we treat people like they are our most important asset, because they are.do you want to be part of 4moms? take a look at our openings below and see if there's a fit. we're looking forward to hearing from you! 



front-end developer


pittsburgh, pa                    

full time                

software / digital marketing                    

experienced                


















4moms has introduced robotics technology to the juvenile industry with our suite of high-tech baby gear.  we incorporate mechatronic technology and electronics into our products to expand their functions and increase ease of use.  we design every product we make with intense attention to detail.  our people are smart, talented and passionate; yet humble enough to restock office supplies. 
we're looking for a talented front-end developer to join our marketing team in pittsburgh.
the front-end developer will be responsible for creating engaging customer experiences that increase conversion rates and deliver online sales. this is a hands-on role that combines an experienced front-end developer skill set along with a passion for growing an ecommerce business.
this role will report to the director of ecommerce & digital marketing and will play a key role in achieving 4moms digital marketing goals.
what you’ll be doing:

develop high-quality digital experiences including websites, emails and other marketing campaigns across our international portfolio of online properties
ensure that visual design and brand guidelines are carried throughout in all web and email experiences including optimizing graphic elements to ensure functionality across all browsers and devices
produce html emails from design comps and ensure consistency for all email campaigns
develop functional and appealing responsive website experiences
provide it support as needed

skills and experience:

bachelor’s in computer science, web development or relevant work experience
front end development experience (css/ sass / html / javascript)
experience using git (github / gitlab)
experience working with an ecommerce platform (shopify, bigcommerce, atg, etc.)
experience working with an email service provider (salesforce marketing cloud, listrak, drip, etc.)
experience using analytics tools such as google analytics and google tag manager
specific experience working with bigcommerce ecommerce platform a plus
ruby on rails development experience a plus
digital design experience a plus
eager to take on new challenges
ability to work well in a team environment
multi-task in a fast-paced environment
strong team and communication skills

4moms employees enjoy a very competitive benefits package that includes competitive medical, dental, prescription, life insurance, 401(k), open paid time off, an open & casual work environment, frequent catered lunches, and more.
4moms’ company culture is focused on fostering creativity and collaboration. the company has an open, shared workspace featuring communal lounges, rather than boring office cubes. our work environment promotes teamwork and unscripted conversations, resulting in fast fixes and therefore, better outcomes, and dramatically better products.
located in the city of pittsburgh, 4moms sells products in more than 1,000 retail locations in the united states and has distribution across the globe. the brand and its products have been featured in the national media on programs like “the today show” and “the ellen degeneres show” and in news outlets such as cnn, forbes, yahoo! tech, inc. and new york times. 4moms products have also been spotted on popular primetime shows, including “how i met your mother” and “modern family.”

read more



apply for position








            apply for this position        
required*



apply with linkedin







apply with indeed









first name*



last name*



email address*



address
















phone*



resume*

attach resume
                    or
                    paste resume



                        attach resume as .pdf, .doc, or .docx (limit 2mb) or
                        paste resume


 




                            paste your resume here or
                            attach resume file









cover letter*



what's your highest level of education completed?*
no answerged or equivalenthigh schoolsome collegecollege - associatescollege - bachelor of artscollege - bachelor of fine artscollege - bachelor of sciencecollege - master of artscollege - master of sciencecollege - master of fine artscollege - master of business administrationcollege - doctoratemedical doctorother 

website, blog or portfolio:*



desired salary*



have you ever been convicted of a felony?*
no answernoyes 

if “yes”, you have been convicted of a felony, please explain the circumstances around the conviction:



in 150 characters or fewer, tell us what makes you unique. try to be creative and say something that will catch our eye!*

150



submit application














×close
forward this position





recipient email address (one)



your name



your email address



enter a message (optional)
the message cannot contain links




human check*




















powered by















