














career opportunities: data engineer intern (summer 2018) (114205) 



























javascript is turned off in your web browser. turn it on to take full advantage of this site, then refresh the page.

loading...






powered by successfactors




                              sign in



















career opportunities: data engineer intern (summer 2018) (114205)



















requisition id 114205 - posted 09/12/2017 - intern/co-op - cto - it - austin - texas - united states - americas



 &nbspjob description print preview









	                  apply
	                 
	         	 
              







	                  save job
	                





	                  email job to friend
	                





                  return to list
                







 



at ea, we thrive on outrageous thinking. it’s the fuel that inspires the best games in the world. we’re innovators and great storytellers. but it’s not just about amazing your peers – it’s about amazing yourself. take risks. collaborate with brilliant minds and dare to dream big. together, we can change the way millions play every day.
job description:

model,design and build data pipelines using  etl/elt  methods.


develop new data models that provide intuitive analytics to business  users


develop prototypes,proof o concept on modern technology stack and models.


coding skills across a number of languages from python, java and using aws.
identifying and correct data quality issues using statistical models.
develop  automated regression suite for data ingestion process.
develop statistical model to support advance analytics  and data visualization.

required skills

masters in computer science or related field, with a focus data management 
experience working with data warehouses and data platforms.
a solid foundation in computer science, with strong competencies in algorithms, data structures, and software design
fluency in writing  sql and java/perl/python
experience using any data visualization or reporting tool is a plus
understanding of aws  and technology stack is a plus.
fast prototyping skills, familiarity with scripting languages such as python,java
experience working with columnar analytics databases or relational databases is a plus
experience with data modeling and bi tools is a plus
great communication, time-management, and teamwork skills
must have an advanced computer science degree

ea is an equal opportunity employer. all employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, national origin, ancestry, sex, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, age, genetic information, religion, disability, medical condition, pregnancy, marital status, family status or veteran status. we will also consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal records in accordance with applicable law.






 









	                  apply
	                 
	           	
              







	                  save job
	                





	                  email job to friend
	                





                  return to list
                






















email this job to a friend





 








 


 



the job has been sent to
          


 



please provide the information below



job title:
        




*your email address:
        




*your friend's email address:
        



message:
        
         






verification code:
        





*please enter the verification code here:
        














send
            




cancel
            



















