
full stack software developer job - metrica, inc. - houston, tx | indeed.com






















skip to job description, searchclose









find jobscompany reviewsfind salariesfind resumesemployers / post job







upload your resume


sign in







:







what
where





advanced job search


 

 



 



job title, keywords or company


city, state, or zip












full stack software developer

metrica, inc.
     -
houston, tx


                indeed salary estimate: $79,000 - $101,000 a year - 
full-time, contract




job summarytraclabs is one of the world’s leading artificial intelligence and robotics research and development companies with global customers that include nasa, us department of defense, and fortune 500 companies. traclabs employees invent new technologies that push the envelope of what computers can do. we use the latest open source tools and software development methodologies in a casual and flexible environment.position: full stack software developerposition details: full-time position (40 hours per week, monday thru friday)weekend hours possible based on contract and position demandstravel – not requiredphysical location: houston txrequirements: b.s. (or similar) in computer sciencefull stack software developer responsibilities: traclabs is seeking a full-stack software developer to help us build and maintain a innovative web application being deployed at fortune 500 companies world-wide. the back-end is nodejs and mysql. the front-end uses a combination of technologies including javascript, bootstrap, and react. the developer should be familiar with agile software development practices and tools. the developer will also be responsible for design of user interfaces. the job requires staying current on new technologies and infusing them into the existing product. the current team is small and developers have significant responsibilities and impact on product delivery.technologies used: programming/scripting languages:javajavascriptsqlhtml5sasspythonweb technologies/frameworksnodejsjqueryangularjsspringhibernatejunitbootstrapreactrestxml/jsondevelopment tools/environmentslinuxgitjiramysqljenkinsawsgulpeclipse rcptraclabs offers an excellent starting salary and outstanding fringe benefits to include: medical, dental, tuition assistance, and 401(k) retirement plan to name a few.interested applicants should submit their resume & cover letter to traclabs human resources office.traclabs is an equal opportunity employer, m/f/d/v.job type: full-timerequired education:bachelor's

8 days ago   -  save job









» apply now

            please review all application instructions before applying to metrica, inc..






other jobs you may like


full stack.net developer

search technology -
					houston, tx
26 days ago

 easily apply



software engineer (full stack .net)

coban technologies, inc. -
					houston, tx
1 day ago

 easily apply



full stack angular developer

avanade -
					houston, tx
5 days ago


full-stack .net developer

avanade -
					houston, tx
5 days ago


full stack software developer - houston liqui...

accenture -
					houston, tx
13 days ago





 









                        metrica, inc.


                metrica incorporated, a nationally recognized research and development firm provides a wide variety of program support activities,...



let employers find youthousands of employers search for candidates on indeedupload your resume










about - help center


©2017 indeed - cookies, privacy and terms



let employers find you  upload your resume









indeed salary estimatewe know salary is a key component of your decision whether or not to apply for a job. so when the hiring company hasn’t provided a salary for a job, we look at salary data from related companies and locations to come up with a reasonable estimate for what you can expect.with over 450,000,000 salaries collected from other jobs and employees, we use one of the biggest salary databases in the world to inform these estimates. and because we are continually adding feedback from users like you, we are able to keep refining our accuracy.these salary estimates are not endorsed by the hiring companies and may vary from what’s actually offered, but we have a pretty great record of getting close enough for you to make an informed decision.is this your job listing? send us feedback to correct an inaccurate salary estimate.

