





software engineer - houston, tx - jungheinrich lift truck corporation jobs









 














home
jobs




software engineer - houston, tx

toggle navigation








software engineer 

jobslogin 











 houston, tx, usa full time 



email me this job



position: software engineer 
the employer:
jungheinrich is a family owned company based out of hamburg, germany. with net sales of about $ 3 billion in 2016 and 15,000 employees worldwide jungheinrich ranks permanently among the world's three leading intralogistics service and solution provider in terms of net sales. together with our partner mcfa (mitsubishi caterpillar forklift of america) we are successfully expanding our activities in the north american market. 
in our jungheinrich lift truck corp. located in houston texas we are working on establishing the next generation of electric driven warehouse products optimized for the north american market. 
responsibilities:
 

project work and realization of software projects
working on customer projects for automated material handling systems
programming and customizing of individual customer requirements according to the functional specification given
work closely with senior engineers
customer service orientated to achieve timely results
monitor and test of automation 
commissioning and support during the launch at the customer's site
support and troubleshooting of requested customer projects 

your qualifications: 

bachelor degree in information systems, computer science or computer engineering
0-5 years experience working on software projects
experience in programming in an object-oriented computer language (c#.net preferred)
worked in a team environment developing good team player communication and organization skills 
strong inter personal skills and the ability to work multiple projects at the same time
willingness to travel

we offer:

exciting and challenging tasks in a rapidly growing and successful company
dialogue-oriented and feedback-oriented corporate culture
highly motivated, dynamic team
international working environment and worldwide career possibilities
international training within one of the leading intralogistics companies


jungheinrich lift truck corporation
https://jungheinrichlifttruck.applicantpro.com






apply now



you have javascript disabled on your browser. you will not be able to apply for this position without enabling javascript. if you need assistance with enabling javascript, please click here for assistance.





 

* fields are required




what is your full name?




first name



last name





how can we contact you?


email





phone number



number type

home
cell
work






what is your preferred method of communication?


email
text message






apply for this position
apply for this position
by clicking the button above, i agree to applicantpro's applicant information use policy. 






share this page







 


 


hiring software maintained by applicantpro - © 2017



refresh




 
 
 
 







go
common questions


























