



stackwave - jobs: software engineer - apply online

























all jobs
→
software engineer

software engineer
houston, texas, united states

descriptionstackwave's mission is to accelerate life-saving scientific discoveries by equipping scientists and engineers in the life sciences with powerful and intuitive tools.we are a small engineering-driven company with a track record of success and poised for significant growth. founder-owned and founder-run, we are focused on building elegant software that our customers love to use. we work with big and small companies, and every engagement is a unique engineering challenge. this is a complex and dynamic field that demands perpetual self-education and personal growth, and that’s what we love about it.as a member of our engineering team you will be part of a tight knit, but distributed team with people in boston, houston and chicago. we're building a company where our people are able to do their best work so we encourage flexible hours, and telecommuting. we are also an agile team and have embraced agile principles across our engineering practices.you will be primarily responsible for working on customer projects and our internal product suite. in collaboration with other members of the engineering team, you will be tackling new and interesting challenges every day. as an experienced software engineer we will rely on your frequent contributions to engineering strategy, and execution. you will take part of code reviews, product demos, agile ceremonies and actively participate in planning. you are able to learn quickly and operate independently and cooperatively. you know how to manage your own time and are an intrinsically motivated professional that embraces autonomy. you have experience with working on enterprise applications, and want an opportunity to 'do it right'. you have a knack for building web applications that are both user friendly and performant. most of all, you have an desire to build excellent products to help scientists. requirements 2+ years of c# development experience substantial full stack web development with asp.net mvc or web api experience working in an agile software development team experience working on enterprise web applications bonus points for: experience with laboratory software or life sciences experience with automation experience with consulting  benefits helping scientists at the forefront of life science research save lives competitive salary medical insurance 401k 3 weeks paid vacation flexible schedule family leave (maternity, paternity)training & professional development

apply for this job











stackwave website

powered by
workable





