

software engineer - cimarron software services, inc - houston tx














menu
  
 



apply
share





job title
software engineer

phone
(281) 226-5100  ex. _____

job location
houston, tx

website
http://www.cimarroninc.com

position id
fse110517

job description
cimarron is currently looking for an experienced software engineer to join the training systems software simulation services team. work may involve software testing, debugging, and verification in any of the following areas: visiting vehicles to the iss, pressurized modules for visiting vehicles, or iss systems and mechanisms. the chosen candidate will join existing agile teams and will need to quickly acclimate to work processes and the environment.
required skills, experience, and education:

due to facility security requirements, only us citizens are eligible for consideration at this time.
strong c/c++ coding and debugging in linux.
experience in training systems simulations.
5 or more years of applicable experience.
high school diploma or equivalent.

desired skills, experience, and education:

experience in ts21 training software development.
familiarity with trick and mdt display software.
knowledge of iss systems and visiting vehicles systems.
efficient organization, time management, communication, and problem-solving skills.
bachelor’s degree in engineering or computer science.

business profile: cimarron is a global solutions company with a strategic partnering approach to satisfying customer-driven requirements. we ensure customer success with a modern approach and experienced leadership. driven by an entrepreneurial spirit, cimarron is fueled by highly skilled employees, developing new innovative technologies, and delivering superior products and services.     we believe in recognizing employees' worth by offering competitive salaries and benefits, including health, dental, and vision insurance, 401(k) contributions, educational reimbursement, and much more.  from company communication through all-hands meetings led by our president and ceo, to an awards program designed to recognize our amazing employees and their accomplishments, you will not only feel like you are a part of a team, you will be a valued member of the cimarron family.  
cimarron is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer, m/f/disability/veteran. due to facility security requirements, only us citizens are eligible for consideration at this time.
 
 

number of openings
1

page views
644


apply



