




software engineer - java  in  houston, tx | jpmorgan chase & co.




























































referral sponsor portal
sign up now!
login 






divisions
locations
programs
why us

apply

student programs
student events
experienced roles
need advice?




divisions
locations
programs
why us
apply

student programs
student events
experienced roles
need advice?




menu


referral portal









careers / job search / job details





















apply now
               

refer a friend






software engineer - java

req #: 170100609_2
location:


houston, 
		tx,
                us

job category: technology
potential referral amount: 5000 us dollar (usd)

as an experienced software engineer, your
mission is to help lead our team of innovators and technologists toward
creating next-level solutions that improve the way our business is run. your
deep knowledge of design, analytics, development, coding, testing and
application programming will help your team raise their game, meeting your
standards, as well as satisfying both business and functional requirements.
your expertise in various technology domains will be counted on to set
strategic direction and solve complex and mission critical problems, internally
and externally. your quest to embracing leading-edge technologies and
methodologies inspires your team to follow suit. and best of all, you’ll be
able to harness massive amounts of brainpower through our global network of
technologists from around the world.
 
this role requires a wide variety of
strengths and capabilities, including:
•expertise
in application, data and infrastructure architecture disciplines
•advanced
knowledge of architecture, design and business processes 
•keen
understanding of financial control and budget management
•ability
to work collaboratively in teams and develop meaningful relationships to
achieve common goals

user interfaces

creating api’s and service layers

architecting and developing a data layer to persist information

distributed streaming and messaging layers
as part of the configuration 
management and automation services (cmas) team you will help deliver on 
the next generation of automation frameworks to be adopted by all 
technology teams that transforms how jp morgan chase approaches 
resiliency, operational efficiencies, and adoption of modern devops 
practices.
 
in the role of software engineer, you will be responsible for:

developing applications end to end
analyzing, designing, and writing applications
developing tests and test-automation
collaborate cross functionality with infrastructure developers, support teams, and other software engineering teams
working with a team of software 
engineers and infrastructure developers to deliver automation frameworks
 that will be adopted by all technologists
provide recommendations for continuous improvements
hands-on experience developing in java frameworks such as angularjs and spring boot

strong knowledge of continuous integration and continuous delivery

experience with scrum/agile development methodologies

capable of delivering on multiple competing priorities with little supervision

excellent verbal and written communication skills

computer science or similar degree with experience in the following software/tools:

infrastructure automation technologies: ansible, puppet, chef, etc.
build automation technologies: maven, jenkins, etc.
monitoring technologies: nagios, tivoli, scom, etc.
modern programming languages: java, python, etc.
building apis and services using rest, soap, etc.
creating a distributed streaming or messaging layer using qpid, rabbitmq, kafka, etc.
our corporate technology team relies on
smart, driven people like you to develop applications and provide tech support
for all our corporate functions across our network. your efforts will touch
lives all over the financial spectrum and across all our divisions: global
finance, corporate treasury, risk management, human resources, compliance,
legal, and within the corporate administrative office. you’ll be part of a team
specifically built to meet and exceed our evolving technology needs, as well as
our technology controls agenda.
when
you work at jpmorgan chase & company, you're not just working at a global
financial institution. you're an integral part of one of the world's biggest
tech companies. in 14 technology hubs worldwide, our team of 40,000+
technologists design, build and deploy everything from enterprise technology
initiatives to big data and mobile solutions, as well as innovations in
electronic payments, cybersecurity, machine learning, and cloud
development.  our $9.5b+ annual investment in technology enables us to
hire people to create innovative solutions that will not only transform the
financial services industry, but also change the world.
at
jpmorgan chase & company, we value the unique skills of every employee, and
we're building a technology organization that thrives on diversity.  we
encourage professional growth and career development, and offer competitive
benefits and compensation. if you're looking to build your career as part of a
global technology team tackling big challenges that impact the lives of people
and companies all around the world, we want to meet you. 


apply now
               

refer a friend













join our talent community
not ready to apply? leave your information with us and we will keep you up to date with new career opportunities.
join now



things to note
sign in to our application system to continue your job search or update your profile.
current employees sign in here.  contractors sign in here.
any information you provide is confidential and will only be viewed by our recruiters in an effort to fill open positions. in addition, the information you provide is subject to our privacy policy practices.
please note that j.p. morgan will not accept unsolicited approaches or speculative cvs, nor will j.p. morgan be responsible for any related fees, from third party firms who are not preferred suppliers.
the firm invites all interested and qualified candidates to apply for employment opportunities.
need disability related assistance?
if you are a us or canadian applicant with a disability who is unable to use our online tools to search and apply for jobs, please click here.
important links
click here to view the "eeo is the law" poster.
click here to view the "eeo is the law" supplemental poster.
click here to view our u.s. pay transparency policy.
jpmorgan chase is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer disability/veteran.







your career. your way.

privacy & security
terms of use
cookies policy


equal opportunities
site map










corporate twitter links




jpmorgan



chase







corporate facebook links




jpmorgan chase



chase







corporate linkedin links


j.p. morgan


jpmorgan chase


chase






corporate youtube links


j.p. morgan


chase






corporate instagram links


j.p. morgan


chase





jpmorganchase.com
jpmorgan.com
chase.com





corporate twitter links



j.p. morgan



chase







corporate facebook links



j.p. morgan chase



chase







corporate linkedin links


j.p. morgan


jpmorgan chase


chase






corporate youtube links


j.p. morgan


chase






corporate instagram links


j.p. morgan


chase












© 2017 jpmorgan chase & co. all rights reserved. powered by smashfly











