


        front end web developer -        ehe -         job board
    

























 






view our website



view all jobs















thanks for visiting our job board. please review our open positions and apply to the positions that match your qualifications. 



front end web developer


new york, ny                    

full time                

technology                    

mid level                


















who we are:

ehe has led the way in preventive medicine for more than 100 years. with unparalleled experience, ehe fuses traditional and validated non-traditional methods to develop personalized care that boosts performance and facilitates longevity. ehe optimizes the experience for companies and individuals, engaging healthy employees through an integrated approach to wellness for both body and mind. ehe’s clinical staff and vast physicians network provide dynamic, proactive and innovative care tailored to the specific needs of each person. through comprehensive medical exams and post-exam coaching and coordination, ehe makes individual health management convenient and holistic. ehe-enhanced care creates incredible value for your personal health and promotes a culture of workplace wellness.

ehe is backed by summit partners, the investment engine behind many of the world’s leading technology and healthcare enterprises. summit’s strategic involvement has helped ehe reach new heights as a pioneering force in preventive care.

what we're looking for:

we're seeking a talented front-end web developer. the fe web developer will participate with a team of seasoned web application developers in building the next generation of ground breaking healthcare application supporting both our clinical processes and engaging consumers in their healthcare journey. individuals in this role will have the opportunity to make a tangible contribution in this 104-year-old “startup”.

we are looking for a front-end web developer who is motivated to combine the art of design with the art of programming. responsibilities will include translation of the ui/ux design wireframes to actual code that will produce visual elements of the application and developing reusable widgets.

in this role, you will:

develop new user-facing features
build reusable code and libraries for future use
ensure the technical feasibility of ui/ux designs
optimize application for maximum speed and scalability
assure that all user input is validated before submitting to back-end
collaborate with other team members and stakeholders


what the role requires:

proficient understanding of web markup, including html5, css
basic understanding of server-side css pre-processing platforms, such as sass
proficient understanding of client-side scripting and javascript frameworks, including jquery
good understanding of javascript libraries such as angularjs and vuejs.
good understanding of asynchronous request handling, partial page updates, and ajax
experience with bootstrap or foundation is a plus
responsive web design experience is a plus
basic knowledge of image authoring tools, to be able to crop, resize, or perform small adjustments on an image. familiarity with tools such as gimp or photoshop is a plus.
proficient understanding of cross-browser compatibility issues and ways to work around them.
proficient understanding of code versioning tools, such as svn
have strong written and oral communication skills
demonstrate the ability to multi-task and prioritize in an environment with changing demands
ability to think like the consumers of our product
must have at least 2 years of experience as a fe web developer using technologies listed
strong experience will outweigh need for a bachelors’ degree in computer science


what we offer:

competitive salary
medical, dental, vision, life and disability insurance
employer-matched 401(k) plan
tuition reimbursement
employee access to our wellness clinics
gym membership


ehe is committed to equal employment opportunity and to attracting and retaining the most qualified employees.

read more



apply for position








            apply for this position        
required*



apply with linkedin







apply with indeed









first name*



last name*



email address*



address
















phone*



resume*

attach resume
                    or
                    paste resume



                        attach resume as .pdf, .doc, or .docx (limit 2mb) or
                        paste resume


 




                            paste your resume here or
                            attach resume file









cover letter*



what's your citizenship / employment eligibility?*
no answeri am a u.s. citizen/permanent residentnon-citizen allowed to work for any employernon-citizen allowed to work for current employernon-citizen seeking work authorizationi am a canadian citizen/permanent residentother 

linkedin profile url:



earliest start date?



in 150 characters or fewer, tell us what makes you unique. try to be creative and say something that will catch our eye!*

150



submit application














×close
forward this position





recipient email address (one)



your name



your email address



enter a message (optional)
the message cannot contain links




human check*




















powered by















