


        jr. react developer -        app partner -         job board
    

























 






view our website



view all jobs















thanks for visiting our job board. please review our open positions and apply to the positions that match your qualifications. 



jr. react developer


brooklyn, ny                    

full time                

programming                    

entry level                


















about the role
we’re looking for a talented jr. react developer to join our growing brooklyn-based mobile development agency. you’ll work with our clients, designers, project managers, and other developers to create cutting-edge codebases for our clients’ diverse web applications.
the people who thrive in this position can switch modes easily between solo efforts and team projects, and can overcome a wide array of coding challenges. they enjoy the rigor of producing high quality code that’s at the forefront of industry innovation. they’re thorough, detail-oriented, and take pride in their work. we are these things, too.
working at app partner
fact is, the kind of people who work at app partner could work just about anywhere. they’re smart. they’re creative. they’re fun. they’re engaged. and they take a ridiculous amount of pride in doing what needs to be done to make sure our clients get what they need, when they need it. so why do they choose to work at app partner? simple. because we get it.
we get that most people want to work in a great office in a vibrant neighborhood like brooklyn – not some office park in suburbia. we get that work needs to be fun, vibrant and exciting – but never distracting. we get that transparency, communication and opportunities for growth matter. a lot. and that free snacks don’t hurt, either. we get that work is a big part of your life, but it’s not your whole life. and we get that smart, creative people want to be around other smart, creative people. think you have what it takes? apply and let’s talk.
responsibilities:

create, modify, and test high-quality code
work from specifications drawn up by our sr. developers or head of development
collaborate closely with project managers, designers, developers, and strategists
take ownership of the projects you’re assigned to

key qualifications:

6 months of professional experience with react, react-redux, bootstrap, and general web front-end development (html/javascript/css)
familiarity with standard professional tools such as svn or git.
ability to effectively communicate challenges and issues both verbally and written.
ability to pro-actively manage your time to ensure you’re maximizing your productivity for our clients

bonus qualifications:

familiarity with sql databases, backend programming (php/python/node)
experience as a developer in an agile environment
experience as a developer on a shipped website
experience with mobile platforms such as ios,android


read more



apply for position








            apply for this position        
required*



apply with linkedin







apply with indeed









first name*



last name*



email address*



address*
















phone*



resume*

attach resume
                    or
                    paste resume



                        attach resume as .pdf, .doc, or .docx (limit 2mb) or
                        paste resume


 




                            paste your resume here or
                            attach resume file









cover letter



what's your citizenship / employment eligibility?*
no answeri am a u.s. citizen/permanent residentnon-citizen allowed to work for any employernon-citizen allowed to work for current employernon-citizen seeking work authorizationi am a canadian citizen/permanent residentother 

what's your highest level of education completed?
no answerged or equivalenthigh schoolsome collegecollege - associatescollege - bachelor of artscollege - bachelor of fine artscollege - bachelor of sciencecollege - master of artscollege - master of sciencecollege - master of fine artscollege - master of business administrationcollege - doctoratemedical doctorother 

college or university



gpa



linkedin profile url:



website, blog or portfolio:



desired salary*



earliest start date?*



in 150 characters or fewer, tell us what makes you unique. try to be creative and say something that will catch our eye!

150


references: please enter names and contact information:



the following questions are entirely optional.

                        to comply with government equal employment opportunity / affirmative action reporting regulations, we are requesting (but not requiring) that you enter this personal data. this information will not be used in connection with any employment decisions, and will be used solely as permitted by state and federal law. your voluntary cooperation would be appreciated. learn more.
                    



gender

decline to answerfemalemale

 


race/ethnicity

decline to answerwhite (not hispanic)african american/black (not hispanic)hispanic/latinoasianpacific islanderamerican indiannative alaskannative hawaiianmulti-racial

 


veteran/disability status

decline to answerdisabled veteranspecial disabled veteranvietnam era veteran3 yr. recently separated veteran1 yr. recently separated veteranother protected veterandisabled individualnot applicable

 


submit application














×close
forward this position





recipient email address (one)



your name



your email address



enter a message (optional)
the message cannot contain links




human check*




















powered by















