









software engineer - innovations labs - external careers





 




















skip to content










about
benefits
departments
locations
view all jobs
sign in











 


software engineer - innovations labs


                    austin
                









apply now


facebook
linkedin
twitter
google plus
send to a friend








ref#: r0006590
additional posting location(s): atlanta, austin, austin - downtown, boston, charlotte, chicago, cincinnati, cleveland, columbus, dallas, denver, detroit, houston, kansas city, los angeles, miami, minneapolis, montreal, nashville, new york city, norfolk, philadelphia, phoenix, pittsburgh, richmond, san diego, toronto, washington dc

our mission.
as the world’s number 1 job site, our mission is to help people get jobs. we need talented, passionate people working together to make this happen. we are looking to grow our teams with people who share our energy and enthusiasm for creating the best experience for job seekers.


the team.
we are a rapidly growing and highly capable engineering team building the most popular job site on the planet. every month, over 200 million people count on us to help them find jobs, publish their resumes, process their job applications, and connect them to qualified candidates for their job openings. with engineering hubs in seattle, san francisco, austin, tokyo and hyderabad, we are improving people's lives all around the world, one job at a time.


your job.
if you are an engineer who's passionate about building innovative products that scale to tens of millions of pageviews a day, indeed is looking for you. indeed offers smart developers like you a multi-faceted development ecosystem with short release cycles. every week sees the new release of multiple products that meet the growing needs of millions of jobseekers worldwide. you will be touching new technologies, new products and new jobseekers. how cool is that?as a full-stack software engineer at indeed's amazing austin, tx tech office, you’ll be a part of a small, highly talented team of people working end-to-end on the products and services that power the world’s #1 job site. you’ll have the opportunity to impact everything from user-facing pixels on both desktop and mobile, to the backend data stores, and everything between. at indeed, we love data. as a part of a highly data-driven organization, you won’t have to guess at the impact you’re having; you’ll leverage our large-scale data analysis infrastructure to define, measure, and test your hypotheses and deliver the best possible experience for the jobseeker.at indeed, our primary technology stack is java-based, but we believe strongly in using the right tool for the right job. as such, we’re rapidly adopting emerging best-of-breed technologies and incorporating them into our stack. this includes things like react/redux, react native, python/django, mongodb, go, and mesos, to name a few.  additionally, sometimes the right tool for the job doesn’t exist, so we’ve created and open-sourced a number of our core systems. you can explore them on github and youtube.as a software engineer on the innovation labs team, you will...collaborate with designers, product managers and engineers to design product experiences.build web applications in python/django, including front-end (user interfaces) and back end.continually improve our technical stack and processes.maintain existing tools and infrastructure as necessary.participate in usability testing.


about you.
requirementsbs or ms in computer science or related area, or relevant work experience5+ years of professional work experience with rapid-development web technologies, and excited to work with django / pythonexcellent teamwork and communication skillsworking on large scale applications a pluscore cs fundamentals (algorithms and data structures) a huge pluswe get excited about candidates whounderstand the end user and can create simple, elegant solutionslove to learn and develop new skills continuouslythink about why something needs to be built not just what needs to be builthave a strong sense of ownership in every application they buildthrive on working with new technologiesindeed provides a variety of benefits that help us focus on our mission of helping people get jobs. view our bounty of perks: http://indeedhi.re/indeedbenefits



apply now



< back to search results






indeed is proud to be an equal opportunity employer, seeking to create a welcoming and diverse environment.
all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status.







                                facebook
                            


                                twitter
                            


                                youtube
                            


                                instagram
                            




©2017 indeed. all rights reserved.  *comscore, total visits march 2017









