full stack developer at wellthy wellthyfull stack developer full-time in  new york, ny -  mid level -  productfull stack developer
at wellthy, we dream of the day when taking care of the sick and the elderly becomes seamlessly human and tech powered. wellthy is evolving the way we take care of each other. we are building a better healthcare experience for people with complex, chronic, and aging family members.
as a senior full stack web developer, you will have a large impact on the product. joining us at this stage will offer you the opportunity to grow with the company.
you will report to the cto and partner closely with the rest of our product team to scope and run full projects to deliver new features for the wellthy platform.
in the first three months at wellthy, you will:
own entire projects from start to finishsee your code go into production on a daily basisgain experience at all levels of our stackhelp scale and evolve the wellthy platform as the company growsmake a strong contribution to the company culture and leadership team

who we’re looking for:
you are an experienced developer who has built and maintained a large scale responsive web app using django and react. like everyone, you have your favorite technologies but you’re not dogmatic about them. in fact, you enjoy learning new technologies on a regular basis. you derive satisfaction not just from clean code and creative solutions but from producing a genuinely useful product that improves the lives of others. you’re proud of the code you write, and more importantly, the products you create.  you are comfortable running with a project on your own but enjoy collaborating with talented and thoughtful colleagues. you realize life is short and that what you build and who you build it with matters.



benefits / perks:
health, dental, and eye insurance coveragerelaxed vacation policy, 2 weeks min. per year encouragedmacbook pro and any other office setup desired (i.e. 4k monitor)free snacks, happy hours and weekly team lunchtwice weekly boot camp classesand of course, covered access to wellthy for your own family's care coordination needs

**************
about wellthy: wellthy is a healthcare coordination service. we use dedicated care coordinators and our seamless technology platform to project manage healthcare for families with sick and aging loved ones. wellthy takes the pain out of healthcare – scheduling appointments, finding the right specialists, researching treatment options, managing insurance, organizing records, communicating with family members and much more. we add a layer of much-needed customer service to the health system – giving families help, hope and peace of mind. get the care you and your loved ones deserve. with a wellthy care coordinator, you'll always have someone on your side.
find out more: https://wellthy.comapply now apply using linkedinpowered bybreezy