turbonomic - front-end developerfront-end developermanhattan | white plainsengineeringfull-timeapply for this jobare you looking to make a huge impact on technology used by coca cola, cisco, nasa, ibm and bmc? interested in re-engineering our platforms ui? we’re continuing to build our patented hybrid cloud management platform with ground-breaking new features that are transforming the largest enterprises across the globe, but we need your help.  as a front-end developer, you will directly impact the next-generation of our product. you will play an active role in the design and development of new features and improvements to our existing ui (html5, angular, d3 based stack), positively impacting our top customers. turbonomic will present you with constant challenges where you can apply your ideas to real functionality and process. you’ll have the ability to grow your experience and explore new technologies within a culture that is overflowing with mentorship and cross-team collaboration. there's also the possibility to grow into a full-stack role within the team.what you'll be doing:work within ux team to develop and design the user interface of our platform.improve the quality, performance, and stability of frontend codebases.collaborate closely with designer, engineering and product teams to create the best experience for our customers.create breathtaking interfaces, focusing on driving customer engagement through coherent and elegant user experience.what you'll bring:3+ years of experience building customer-facing javascript applications in a professional settingdegree in a related field or equivalent practical experience.understand the intricacies of how js and css impact rendering.   experience with software engineering methodologies (e.g. unit testing, code reviews, design documentation)expert in all aspects of html5 and single-page web-apps and frameworks.strong attention to detail and solid communication skills. thrives in dynamic, fast-paced environments where passion for customer engagement and great experience are at the forefront of all design & development.even better if you have:familiarity with cloud technologiesserver-side experience (php, java, or similar)benefits & perks:health, dental and vision coverage – health is a #1 priority here… also, eat your fruit!career advancement – jump in, make an impact and shape your careerunlimited paid time off – visit mom, see a doctor or travel the world… please take picturespre-tax benefits: medical, dependent care, commuter, 401kaccess to executives – no doors are closed, go bug them and make friendsbeer fridays, unlimited snacks, cold brew coffee – physiological needs, check.game rooms – play a round of billiards, ping pong or game on some xbox launched in 2010, turbonomic delivers a hybrid cloud management platform that enables on-premises and public cloud to self-manage in real-time, thereby assuring performance, lowering cost, and continuously ensuring compliance. the turbonomic patented decision engine curates workload demand to dynamically control resource supply, maintaining a perpetual desired state of application health. one of the fastest growing technology companies, turbonomic is trusted by thousands of enterprises to simplify and accelerate their hybrid cloud journey. recently named a forbes cloud 100 company, an inc. fastest growing company, and a deloitte tech fast 500 company… and we’re just scratching the surface. come make an impact with us!apply for this jobjobs powered by 