 









front-end developer #0189 job at softvision - north america & uk in new york, ny, powered by jobscore















































your browser cookies must be enabled in order to apply for this job. please contact support@jobscore.com if you need further instruction on how to do that.












front-end developer
full stack web guild | new york, ny | full time











‹
›




job description


we are a transformational partner
we marry design and engineering language in ways that produce impactful and memorable experience journeys. we partner all the way to continuously improve our clients’ digital maturity. our studio network brings the optimal combination of skill, scale, and cost for each stage of the product development lifecycle. and to do this we need great transformational people that want to impact the projects and organizations that they work with. 
we are looking for an exceptional front-end developer to work with our cross-functional team, and join our world-class community of talented experts. core to this need are expertise in:

extensive experience with javascript
reactjs
redux
es6
webpack

ideally you will also have:

undergraduate degree in computer science, physics or mathematics (graduate degree always is a plus)
5+ years experience in javascript
adobe experience manager (preferable)
an agile mindset with experience working in agile environment
good communication skills 
a natural curiosity for new scripting languages , frameworks and technologies 
high personal code/development standards (peer testing, unit testing, documentation, etc)

we are a thriving community of top technology talent that is globally connected. we engage, make, run and evolve the technology that makes many brands that you know and love. so let’s take this journey together. no matter where you are on your digital career roadmap, we can help you grow and have fun doing it. 
at this time, softvision llc will not sponsor a new applicant for employment authorization for this position.  pack and move relocation available. softvision llc is an equal opportunity employer. no 3rd party agency candidates please.
 
 





return to softvision - north america & uk


apply for this job










apply for this job


apply for this job


share











return to softvision - north america & uk








powered by







applicant tracking
















