


careers centertechnology - ccbd technology - web developer - associate - new york
















































please enable cookies to continue
please enable cookies in your browser to experience all the personalized features of this site, including the ability to apply for a job.







welcome page







returning candidate?

log back in!












technology - ccbd technology - web developer - associate - new york


location(s)

us-ny-new york





job id

2017-38823


schedule type

full time


level

associate


function(s)

technology



region


americas


division

technology



business unit


ccbd technology


employment type

employee









more about this job






technologyour team of engineers builds solutions to the most complex problems. we develop cutting-edge systems and processes that form the core of our key business and enable transactions to move in milliseconds. we provide real-time access to critical deal information and crunch billions of data points each day to inform firm-wide market insights and strategies. team members have the opportunity to work at the forefront of technology innovation alongside industry leaders and make significant contributions to the field. your impact consumer and commercial banking (ccbd)  consumer and commercial banking brings innovative solutions to traditional banking activities. we are a global team of lenders, investors, risk managers, skilled marketers, web experts and banking specialists. we provide a suite of solutions to help our customers meet their personal financial goals. we make direct investments in, and risk manage, a portfolio of corporate loans and securities. and we help transform distressed communities through investments and loans of private capital.  digital finance   digital finance, a subdivision of ccbd, is composed of the firm’s digitally-led consumer businesses which include the global online consumer deposits business and the us online consumer lending business, the firm’s first-ever direct-to-consumer platform built from the ground up. digital finance combines the strength and heritage of a 147-year-old financial institution with the agility and entrepreneurial spirit of a tech start-up. this unique dynamic allows us to help our customers achieve financial progress through customizable solutions that are grounded in value, transparency and simplicity.  we are looking for an expert web developer to work on a greenfield enterprise-grade project delivered on the web. our goal in engineering is to facilitate the creative, iterative, and data driven creation of our all digital retail bank. as a front end developer you will be working closely with ux and product designers to build html/css/js web experiences which will be a/b tested for effectiveness and impact to our clients. the code you write will reach millions and help redefine the firm.  the successful candidate will have a proven track record leading the delivery of web application platforms using his/her knowledge of html, css, and javascript framework/methodologies. the candidate will get to work with modern technologies, such as html5, css3, javascript frameworks (react and redux in es6), restful web services, and enterprise content management (aem) and utilize them to build cutting edge software that will include advanced data visualizations. they should be comfortable working with agile processes, with an emphasis on writing good quality, easily testable code. they should also be able to collaborate and contribute estimates to the planning process. the candidate should demonstrate leadership qualities and should be able to lead others towards his/her technical vision.  knowledge of consumer finance is not essential but experience in any of these areas may provide a candidate with some advantage.  clear verbal and written communication skills will be crucial since the candidate must be able to gather requirements as well as influence and gain consensus for their designs with the broader team. how you will fulfill your potential work to identify where automation can be applied to various aspects of the development process and projectsinteract with and influence key/internal stakeholdersreport progress and status of assigned tasks to project teams and managerscontribute to the creation and maintenance of system documentation








responsibilities and qualifications






skills and experience we are looking for basic qualifications bachelor in software engineer, computer science, or the equivalent in demonstrable work experiencestrong knowledge of html5, css3, and javascript (es6)5+ years of practical experience in software programminghands-on experience of modern javascript, front-end frameworks, and preprocessors (react, redux, backbone, bootstrap, less, webpack, babel, es6)experience with javascript unit test frameworks (jasmine)experience with restful services and apisknowledge of single page application architectureknowledge of mvc patternan appreciation of design and the ability to asses technical feasibility of ux/uiexperience translating ux/ui design into functional componentshas worked in an agile scrum environmentpreferred qualifications experience with multiple js frameworksfamiliarity with seo and site analyticsknowledge of adobe experience manageractive on codepen, github, or stackoverflow








about goldman sachs






the goldman sachs group, inc. is a leading global investment banking, securities and investment management firm that provides a wide range of financial services to a substantial and diversified client base that includes corporations, financial institutions, governments and individuals. founded in 1869, the firm is headquartered in new york and maintains offices in all major financial centers around the world.© the goldman sachs group, inc., 2017. all rights reservedgoldman sachs is an equal employment/affirmative action employer female/minority/disability/vet.





options

applyapplyemail a friendemail a friend















