


        front end developer -        wheelhouse dmg -         job board
    

























 






view our website



view all jobs















        wheelhouse dmg is a performance-driven digital marketing agency. we work with companies large and small to discover and make the most of new opportunities in an exciting, ever-changing digital landscape.our work is varied. we’ve developed global domain strategy for a billion-dollar insurance network and harnessed seo to help dozens of ecommerce companies make organic search their fastest growing and most profitable source of revenue. we’ve built digital advertising campaigns that generate tens of millions in profit for an online bookseller, tripled lead generation for a leading telecommunications company through conversion rate optimization, and developed and implemented analytics strategies for a 150-site healthcare provider.although the digital strategies we employ vary with client needs, our identity does not.we’re known for three things:the tremendous business value we drive for our clients.the strength and depth of our client relationships. we are true strategic partners. our client relationships last many years.the principled way in which we conduct our business. we’re the agency that doesn’t feel like an agency. no “change requests,” no surprise invoices, no one looking to “monetize” our client relationships – just a commitment to deliver results.our values are our north star. they guide our decisions and our every action. we’re committed to being a partner who goes above and beyond to make sure our experience together and the results we achieve are exceptional.check out our reviews on glassdoor! 



front end developer


seattle, wa                    

full time                

engineering                    

mid level                


















are you passionate about ui/ux? do you love front-end web development and design? we are looking for a front-end developer to join our web engineering team. much of your work will consist of front-end web development projects, but you may also provide support to our analytics team and analytics solutions engineer in analytics tagging troubleshooting. you will closely collaborate with other wheelhouse teams, external partners and clients to build websites that deliver value to clients and their audience.
knowledge & skills
need to have:

you dream to delight clients and deliver excellent service
you understand business requirements and how they relate to design
experience with cms platforms (wordpress, joomla, etc.) and understanding templating processes
experience with agile environments (standups, sprints, backlog, kanban, jira, etc.)
experience with google chrome developer tools
proficiency in javascript, html, and css

nice to have:

proficiency php, .net, and serverside languages
experience with google tag manager or other tag management platforms
understanding of technical seo

wheelhouse dmg
we work with companies large and small to discover and make the most of new opportunities in an exciting, ever-changing digital landscape.
our work is varied. we’ve developed global domain strategy for a billion-dollar insurance network and harnessed seo to help dozens of ecommerce companies make organic search their fastest growing and most profitable source of revenue. we’ve built digital advertising campaigns that generate tens of millions in profit for an online bookseller, tripled lead generation for a leading telecommunications company through conversion rate optimization, and developed and implemented analytics strategies for a 150-site healthcare provider.
although the digital strategies we employ vary with client needs, our identity does not.
our values are our north star. they guide our decisions and our every action. we’re committed to being a partner who goes above and beyond to make sure our experience together and the results we achieve are exceptional.
wheelhouse dmg is an equal employment opportunity employer. all employees have the right to work in a discrimination-free environment. wheelhouse dmg will not permit or condone any arbitrary or unlawful discrimination in the workplace. it is our policy that all employment decisions will be made without regard to race, color, sex, sexual orientation, creed, religion, age, marital status, national origin, disability, honorably discharged veteran or military status, genetic characteristics, political affiliation, or any other factor protected from discrimination by state, local, or federal.

read more



apply for position








            apply for this position        
required*



apply with linkedin







apply with indeed









first name*



last name*



email address*



address
















phone*



resume*

attach resume
                    or
                    paste resume



                        attach resume as .pdf, .doc, or .docx (limit 2mb) or
                        paste resume


 




                            paste your resume here or
                            attach resume file









cover letter*



what's your citizenship / employment eligibility?*
no answeri am a u.s. citizen/permanent residentnon-citizen allowed to work for any employernon-citizen allowed to work for current employernon-citizen seeking work authorizationi am a canadian citizen/permanent residentother 

linkedin profile url:



website, blog or portfolio:



desired salary



human check*











submit application














×close
forward this position





recipient email address (one)



your name



your email address



enter a message (optional)
the message cannot contain links




human check*




















powered by















