





		front end engineer
	






























































































 









 









 


 




privacy policy












job openings


front end engineer
engineering – seattle, washington


apply for this job




department
engineering


employment type
full-time


minimum experience
mid-level











job description



we are looking for a passionate front end engineer to help us make state-of-the-art algorithms accessible and discoverable. if you are motivated by crafting amazing user experiences accompanied by well documented. reusable and testable code this is the perfect position for you.
our engineering philosophy is to empower individuals to own project areas while creating the highest quality and reliable software we can. we believe in building iteratively with intense user focus while using the right technologies to go with it. currently across our stack we use play framework, scala,vue.js,  jquery, angular.js, html, css, and mysql, though we always welcome exploring new technologies.
responsibilities: - in conjunction with our product designer create stunning users experiences across our product lines - responsible for all ui work on algorithmia.com as well as demos and interactive applications - quickly prototype user interactions
you: - solid web application engineering experience- strong understanding of client side javascript, restful apis/ html/ css - ability to work in a fast paced environment in an independent fashion- strong communication skills and ability to work with product designer, product managers, and back end engineers in a highly iterative process- boundless attention to detail, keeping the developer experience a top priority- ability to optimize client side performance - deep understanding of http, websockets, rest, and client/server communication
nice to have: - server side applications using scala, play framework
- experience with vue.js

to all recruitment agencies: algorithmia does not accept agency resumes. please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, algorithmia employees, or any other company location. algorithmia is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.







apply for this job


























apply for this position




*required



first name





last name







email







phone









resume





no file selected







website, blog, or portfolio











				linkedin profile url









your answers to the following four questions are entirely optional.?

this information will not be used as selection criteria. if you'd rather not share this information, feel free to select "decline to answer".





gender



decline to answer
male
female






ethnicity



decline to answer
american indian or alaska native
asian
black or african american
hispanic or latino
native hawaiian or other pacific islander
two or more races
white






veteran status


decline to answer
not a veteran
active duty wartime or campaign badge veteran
armed forces service medal veteran
disabled veteran
recently separated veteran






disability



decline to answer
no, i don't have a disability
yes, i have a disability (or previously had a disability)











submit application










thank you
your application was submitted successfully.








apply for this job



link to this job










 









 









 








location
seattle, washington


department
engineering


employment type
full-time


minimum experience
mid-level


		powered by
		





 






privacy policy


			powered by
			











