


















careers | ert, inc.




















skip to main content






ert, inc.




main menu
homecompanyert's missionmanagement teamawards & recognitionhistory of ertcapabilitiesscienceit supportsuccess storyengineering servicescybersecuritysuccess storyenvironmental servicescomplianceconservationgisgeophysicsoutreach & communicationssuccess storyrestorationprogram supportsuccess storiescustomerscontractscio-sp3gsa 8(a) stars iigsa environmental servicesgsa mobis schedulegsa pes schedulegsa schedule 70irs tipss-4noaalink contractscitech contractefast moanews20132012201120102009careersbenefitsinternshipscontactdirections to ert
 

search form

search 






 









home > careers








web developer


work location:
seattle, wa


job code:
1827



description
position description
part-time: approx. 15 - 40 hrs/wk
will support noaa fisheries northwest fisheries science center's scientific data management (sdm) team to update existing oracle apex applications to the latest oracle apex version and theme. will ensure application security measures are properly implemented, and enhance other existing oracle apex applications. will work collaboratively with a team, resolve problems and extend functionality within current web-based applications. will work with clients and team members to determine creative design options that best meet the program requirements and communications goals.
required skills
4 - 6 years of experience in application development. must have oracle apex development experience. must be proficient with javascript and have experience using sql to query and update relational databases, and with writing pl/sql code. ability to work independently and as part of a team and to stay current with technologies supporting the program.
must be a us citizen or permanent resident and be able to pass a background investigation to obtain a security badge to enter the applicable government facility.
education
ba/bs in computer science, related field, or equivalent.
.
 



















are you a returning applicant?












previous applicants:


email:





password:





if you do not remember your password click here.




back to search results


new search








 

ert slogan
ert is a trusted partner to the government, providing scientific analysis and modeling, engineering, information technology, and environmental services and solutions to noaa, nasa, dod, usgs, the army corps of engineers, and other federal and state government agencies.


archives by year


ert is vevraa federal contractor and equal opportunity/affirmative action employer in accordance with title vi & vii of the civil rights act, all qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, or protected veteran status.

    



ert callout
iso 9001:2015
	cmmi dev. level 3





© 2017. ert, inc. all rights reserved


footer menu
privacywebmasterintranet
 




