

front end engineer | outreach



































































































product



product


features


drive meetings
sales sequences
sales dialer
sales email & tracking


enable productivity
sales rep workflow
outreach everywhere
sales intelligence
email & content templates


optimize
analytics & reporting
coaching analytics




platform

governance
data security
api



integrations

crm
inbox
sales intelligence & data
sales asset management
sales productivity







solutions



solutions


use cases

account-based sales
outbound sales
inbound sales
recruiting



personas

sales representatives
sales management & leadership
sales operations
marketing



pricing

get pricing







why outreach



why outreach


customers

case studies
testimonials



customer success

onboarding & implementation
user training & education
driving success







resources



resources


library

best practices
sales engagement
videos
webinars



blog

sales best practices
product news
all about account-based sales
outbound sales tips and tricks
company news



events

unleash '18



customer resources

university
knowledge base
support
status









sign in








careers

about us
newsroom
working at outreach
contact us

 




front end engineer

				location:
									seattle
								
									team: engineering
							


apply here





we are looking for software engineers with 3+ years experience focusing on front end tech to develop features for outreach, the saas platform that thousands of salespeople rely on to communicate effectively and efficiently with their prospective customers.
work with a cutting edge technology stack

build new features in react for our single page web app and inbox extensions
leverage the latest and greatest es6 features
work with a modern development toolchain involving babel and webpack
create clean, reusable components using react, css modules, and storybook
test your code with a real client-side testing story based on mocha, chai, and enzyme
develop backend api functionality in ruby on rails

build highly visible, customer-facing features

collaborate closely with product, design, and technical support teams to enable new customer-facing features and solve existing pain points
our video team will make your feature look awesome when it’s ready for public release!
receive rapid feedback on your work from outreach’s own sales and recruiting teams, who use the platform on a daily basis

help to build a world-class api

collaborate closely with our back-end developers to consume and improve our internal and external json apis
understand and help improve our overall client-side caching and data loading story
dig in and dive deep into the details with our ruby and go backends when necessary

our vision of you
our stack is a react/js frontend and a ruby on rails backend, so ideally we'd like for you to be highly proficient in at least one of those and excited to be learning the other. experience with other modern js frameworks (e.g. angular, ember) is a plus. as a senior engineer you'll also be expected to be technical lead on large projects and make a positive impact on others. therefore, you'll need strong skills in requirements analysis, software design, and mentorship.
other key qualities we would like you to possess:

you have a good eye for design and you pay attention to the details; imperfection bugs you
you take pride in building quality products that delight users
you have built great product over the last 3 plus years and want to expand your scope. react and saas experience a huge plus.
you strive to find clean solutions to complex technical problems
you go above and beyond to help your team
you are honest, admit mistakes, and own fixing them
you are a motivated and talented craftsperson: always looking to sharpen and adapt your skills
you are self-aware and can collaborate successfully with technical and affective oriented personalities
you are hands on and excited about building things
you’ll get a chance to make history at one of the fastest growing startups in the nation

about outreach
outreach is a communication platform built from the ground up to help people communicate more effectively. today we focus on the sales organization, helping them engage with their prospects and customers through email, calling, and linkedin communication flows.
to put it into perspective, our customers spend the majority of their day living inside our software, relying on it to be more effective communicators with their audience.
since our first days here at outreach learning about how people communicate, we became obsessed with understanding our customers’ problems. as a result, we’ve built the most loved product on the market and won the hearts and minds (and business) of some incredible organizations around the world.
in addition to our relentless focus on the customer, we’ve received over $30 million in venture funding, been listed on seattle business magazine’s 100 best places to work, been ranked #1 for 2016 sales automation/acceleration software by ambition, and were named to the 2016 forbes cloud 100-rising star list in the sales technology category.
we aren’t slowing down anytime soon.
who we are
outreach is headquartered in seattle with sales offices throughout the us. our team shares a mission and sense of purpose: to help sales teams succeed by better connecting with their customers.
we’re a team of problem solvers and overachievers who value diversity of experience and perspective. we like to be challenged. we seek out people who are passionate about their craft and relentless in their pursuit of excellence.
we value grit. building a company isn’t easy so the ability to dig deep and tap into your inner super powers from time to time is important. we’ve learned that a good attitude and great teamwork go a long way to overcoming the inevitable bumps along the way.
outreach is a rocket ship and we’re excited to be building our future together. if you join us, you’ll be challenged with big projects, empowered to own them, and enabled to crush it. let’s do this thing together.
why you’ll love it here

you’ll get a chance to make history at one of the fastest growing startups in the nation.
100% medical, dental and vision coverage for full-time employees
unlimited pto, competitive salaries, 401k, commuter benefits, professional development opportunities, paid volunteer days, and company outings
diversity and inclusion programs including unconscious bias training and employee resource groups
incredible parental leave program (up to 10 weeks for new parents, night nurses, dinner deliveries and more!)
generous employee referral bonuses
you can bring your well-behaved fur babies to work
unlimited snacks in our state of the art kitchen

 







share










ready to make your entire team more effective?
outreach is more than just software – when you use it, you get a playbook for team success.

request a demo











product
product overview
drive meetings
enable productivity
optimize
integrations
platform
request demo


solutions
solutions overview
account-based sales
outbound sales
inbound sales
recruiting
personas
pricing


why outreach
why choose outreach
case studies
customer success
trust


resources
resources library
blog
events
university
knowledge base
server status
articles


company
about us
newsroom
working at outreach
contact us


1441 north 34th street, suite #100seattle, wa 98103
1 (888) 938-7356
sign in





© 2017 outreach.io


privacy policy
eula
acceptable use policy











