
front-end web developer job - paizo inc. - redmond, wa | indeed.com






















skip to job description, searchclose









find jobscompany reviewsfind salariesfind resumesemployers / post job







upload your resume


sign in







:







what
where





advanced job search


 

 



 



job title, keywords or company


city, state, or zip












front-end web developer

paizo inc.
     -
redmond, wa 98052


                $60,000 a year



job summaryfront-end web developerjob descriptionwe are looking for a front-end web developer who is motivated to combine the art of design with the art of programming. responsibilities will include translation of the ui/ux design wireframes to actual code that will produce visual elements of the application. you will work with project manager and creative director to bridge the gap between graphical design and technical implementation, taking an active role on both sides and defining how the application looks as well as how it works.about paizo inc.paizo inc. is a leading publisher of fantasy roleplaying games, accessories, board games, and novels. paizo's pathfinder® roleplaying game, the result of the largest open playtest in the history of tabletop gaming, is currently the best-selling tabletop roleplaying game in hobby stores. pathfinder adventure path is the most popular and best-selling monthly product in the tabletop rpg industry. paizo.com is the leading online hobby retail store, offering tens of thousands of products from a variety of publishers to customers all over the world. in the ten years since it’s founding, paizo has received more than 50 major awards and has grown to become one of the most influential companies in the hobby games industry.responsibilities and dutiesresponsibilitiesdevelop new user-facing featuresimplement other people’s visual designs into code and images.apply new designs to existing website pages and featurestranslate provided ui mockups into code and imagesdebug and fix client-side issues across multiple platformsassure that all user input is validated before submitting to back-endcollaborate with other team members and stakeholdersqualifications and skillsskills & qualificationsproficient understanding of web markup, including html5, css3basic understanding of server-side css pre-processing platforms, such as less and sassproficient understanding of client-side scripting and javascript frameworks, including jquerygood understanding of advanced javascript libraries and frameworks, such as angularjs, knockoutjs, backbonejs, reactjs, durandaljs etc.good understanding of asynchronous request handling, partial page updates, and ajaxbasic knowledge of image authoring tools, to be able to crop, resize, or perform small adjustments on an image. familiarity with tools such as gimp or photoshop is a plus.proficient understanding of cross-browser compatibility issues and ways to work around them.proficient understanding of code versioning tools, such as git / mercurial / svngood understanding of seo principles and ensuring that application will adhere to them.benefitssalary/benefitssalary $60,000 annuallycompany paid medical, dental, vision benefitspaid holidays, vacation, holidays, and other paid time off401k plan with employer matchingjob type: full-timesalary: $60,000.00 /year

28 days ago   -  save job









» apply now

            please review all application instructions before applying to paizo inc..






other jobs you may like


senior engineer - frontend development, devel...

nvidia -
					redmond, wa
1 day ago


front end web developer (local seattle candid...

launch consulting -
					bellevue, wa
1 day ago

 easily apply



web development engineer

expedia -
					bellevue, wa
4 days ago


software development engineer (front-end)

xevo -
					bellevue, wa
7 days ago


front end developer

mediapro -
					bothell, wa
4 days ago





 









                        paizo inc.


                paizo inc. is publisher of the award-winning pathfinder roleplaying game, pathfinder adventure card game, and pathfinder tales novels, as...



let employers find youthousands of employers search for candidates on indeedupload your resume










about - help center


©2017 indeed - cookies, privacy and terms



let employers find you  upload your resume









indeed salary estimatewe know salary is a key component of your decision whether or not to apply for a job. so when the hiring company hasn’t provided a salary for a job, we look at salary data from related companies and locations to come up with a reasonable estimate for what you can expect.with over 450,000,000 salaries collected from other jobs and employees, we use one of the biggest salary databases in the world to inform these estimates. and because we are continually adding feedback from users like you, we are able to keep refining our accuracy.these salary estimates are not endorsed by the hiring companies and may vary from what’s actually offered, but we have a pretty great record of getting close enough for you to make an informed decision.is this your job listing? send us feedback to correct an inaccurate salary estimate.

