



limeade careers - front end software engineer
























 









                                                    limeade careers                                            







                front end software engineer
    
    

                            computers/software            
                    bellevue,
                            washington
                
                        



        apply
    


description

about us:limeade is an engagement company that inspires employee commitment and elevates company culture. our mission is to improve well-being in the world. and we are looking for a talented and passionate front end web developer to help us do exactly that.at limeade, we take a whole person, whole company and whole ecosystem approach to measurably improve employee well-being and performance. but we go much further than that, helping our customers build cultures that support well-being that move the needle on their business goals. our engagement platform is immersive and holistic – as it must be to help solve the bigger well-being and engagement problems facing today’s businesses. recognized for its own award-winning culture, limeade serves over 100 employers and top global brands.we’re committed to creating a mission-driven, positive culture of improvement made up of the best and brightest people in the business. and we’ve got the awards to back it up: puget sound business journal ranked us #1 best workplace in washington, and seattle business ranked us one of the top three best companies to work for in washington state. we’re one of the fastest-growing companies in north america (deloitte’s technology fast 500™), and fortune magazine recognized us as a best workplace for women. learn more at www.limeade.com.about the role:we’re looking for a front-end web developer to join our team. you’ll help us build engaging and delightful experiences for our web and mobile users. your experience demonstrates your empathy for users, your focus on simplicity, and your clean, maintainable code.you’re skilled at using modern javascript, css and html techniques to develop features and bring them to life. you’re passionate about front-end web development and stay abreast of trends and technologies. you're fluent with back-end concepts and apis, especially in restful web and mobile environments. you'll work with an experienced group of web app pioneers within the structure of a best-practices agile development process.we are looking for you if:you have a portfolio of significant client-side contributions to delightful user experiencesyou enjoy working with a team to define and ship features, including dev lead responsibilitiesyou’re an engineer in the front end, experienced in javascript and client-side frameworks such as react, jquery, and knockoutyou deliver quality, testable, production-ready code using rapid, iterative development cyclesyou’re meticulous and detail-orientedyou enjoy collaborating with a fun and committed team responsibilities:develop code using javascript, css, and html in a fully responsive and accessible siteevaluate and refine product specs prior to implementationmentor junior developers and contribute to the team's technology decisionscollaborate with the cto, designers, product managers and the rest of our dev teamrequirements:5-8+ years of experience in developing successful interactive web sitesbachelor's degree in computer science or equivalentexpert in javascript, css, html and related front-end technologiesexperienced with server-side technology and invoking rest apisexperience in cloud or microservice development with aws or azure is a plusexperience with react, knockout, node, less/sass and/or github is a pluslimeade provides equal employment opportunity (eeo) to all persons regardless of age, color, national origin, citizenship status, physical or mental disability, race, religion, creed, gender, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, genetic information, marital status, status with regard to public assistance, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local law. in addition, limeade will provide reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities.




        apply
    

        apply later    


            ← back to current openings        




share





linkedin




facebook




twitter




email






similar jobs





                                    {{ job.title }}
                                












powered by jobvite









