



job application for front end developer (javascript/jquery/sass/css/react/emberjs) at snap! raise
























          apply now
        
front end developer (javascript/jquery/sass/css/react/emberjs)

        at snap! raise
      
(view all jobs)

        hq - seattle
      


we are looking for a versatile technical addition to our development team here in seattle. the position offers an extensive amount of ownership and influence to our development processes as we scale the largest team based fundraising solution in the country. you will be called upon to not only write the code, but also be a key driver in our product's development.
 
our stack overflow company page
 
responsibilities

implement advanced front end features for our primary product using react, emberjs, and ruby on rails
interpret requirements of implementation with a versatile group of product designers and engineers
ability to digest feature specifications and user stories into technical implementation
collaborate with cross-functional teams to define, design, and release new features
feature level testing verifying code for robustness, including edge cases, usability, and general reliability
address and prioritize production level bugs and application performance improvements
continuously evaluate and implement new technologies to maximize development efficiency
be comfortable releasing production ready code on tight deadlines with high visibility
communication above all, do you know when to speak up and ask for help or feedback?

requirements

formal software education in front end development and design
1+ years of professional software development with extensive experience in the front end
6+ months of experience using react in a medium-to-large production-grade web application 

nice-to-haves

in-depth knowledge of react, including experience with scalability issues and system architecture
experience with emberjs, angularjs, backbonejs, or any other similar modern javascript mvc framework
experience with sketch for consolidating and implementing product designs, photoshop optional
familiarity with ruby on rails or any modern mvc framework
experience building an api-driven javascript application
an understanding of development in test driven environments
ability to write javascript tests with mocha, jasmine, tape, or any other related javascript test framework
ability to write unit tests and function feature tests with capybara / selenium
understanding of git for source code management and revision control
an adaptable attitude and understanding of the agile software development methodology
ability to reevaluate priorities on a tight timeline
self-motivated with a team-first mentality
ability to work at a results-oriented, product-driven startup

our ideology as we build, create, and innovate

our workflow is cut, dry, and efficient. adaptation is key, can you join this process?
we only work on the most important things at any given point in time
we then break those things into the smaller manageable tasks for individuals to work on autonomously
individual's strong suits are considered in assigning tasks and accomplishing the collective team goal
every morning the team recaps progress and blocking points for about 10-20 minutes, directed by the team lead
communication is the upmost of importance, are you comfortable asking for help, and open to accepting constructive feedback?
formally and collectively understand once a mvp sprint has been completed, to reevaluate the next set of priorities. sometimes as frequently as weekly.

why this opportunity is unique

be a core developer and architect on the largest team based fundraising solution in the country
define your process and foster ownership over our team's technical success
work on software that gets deployed to a massive audience on a large scale
contribute to a software solution that makes a lasting impact in the communities we work with, year after year.

we offer

competitive salary
health benefits included
free sports league entrance: yes we have company kickball & dodgeball teams!
orca public transit card
quiet, dedicated, awesome work space environment with an amazing view of lake union.
relocation assistance is also offered for the successful candidate.








apply for this job

* required
        











(optional)

almost there! review your information then click 'submit application' to apply.



first name *



last name *



email *



phone *



resume/cv


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 














cover letter


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 

















are you currently located in seattle?
    


--
yes
no


linkedin profile
    





website *






how did you hear about this job?
    











 



share this job:    













powered by 

 
      read our privacy policy

















