


engineer, ui front end (s) | t-mobile




































current openings






meet our teams



retail
customer care
sales
technology
corporate
metropcs
students & grads
all teams





more info



career paths
military
current employees
application process
faq



log in















current openings 






meet our teams



retail
customer care
sales
technology
corporate
metropcs
students & grads
all teams





more info



career paths
military
current employees
application process
faq



log in












engineering
engineer, ui front end (s)
apply now






bellevue, washington


share this job


















are you ready to join the un-carrier movement? do you enjoy working on products with direct customer impact? are you looking for a team of high performers to help expand your skills and experience? can you bring un-carrier to everything you do?—do you think outside of the box and aren’t afraid to break the rules? t-mobile’s software developers develop a wide variety of technologies that change how millions of users connect and interact with one another. as a software developer, you work in small teams to tackle problems as we continue to push technology forward. you will have an enormous opportunity to impact the customer experience, design, architecture, and implementation of a cutting edge mobile product used every day, by people you know. we are looking for passionate, hardworking software engineers who have experience building innovative, mobile applications that customers love.  we operate in a fast-paced environment using agile methodology. we encourage innovation and expect developers to take a high level of ownership throughout the software life cycle.







stuff we'll

trust
you with

your responsibilities


                        design and developing in web technologies such as angularjs, html5/css3. ·      good understanding of asynchronous request handling, partial page updates, and ajax·      designing and developing spring model view controller (mvc). ·      build innovative, scalable application systems.  scalable is the keyword in that sentence.·      write maintainable front end code, working in a professional software engineering environment (source control, shortened release cycles, continuous integration and deployment, etc.).  cowboy coders need not apply.·      facilitate good technical designs and solutions based on modern software development patterns and practices.·      collaborate with other team members and stakeholders·      proficient understanding of code versioning tools, such as git








stuff
you tell

people
at parties

your qualifications


                        ·      2+ years experience in web technologies such as angularjs, reactjs, jquery, ajax and html5/css3·      experience in communicating with users, other technical teams, and management to collect requirements, describe software product features, and technical designs. ·      experience translating design mockups and prototypes into working application designs. ·      demonstrated passion for user experience design and improving usability ·      ability to manage time wisely across projects and competing priorities, meet agreed upon deadlines, and be accountable for work.·      experience in working with a cross-functional team or large-scale software development life cycle, including waterfall and agile methodologies.·      welcome change and complexity.   learn quickly and adapt fast.  we are looking for folks to lead the charge, not just keep up with it.·      you love learning and mentoring others.









position posted for

5
days




position details

91287brreq id
engineeringdepartment notravel required
1position(s) remaining



similar openings
assoc engineer, real time subscriber database – bellevue, wa
manager, systems design & strategy – bellevue, wa
engineer, systems architecture – bellevue, wa








we even do benefits differently
check out what we have to offer





health benefits


medical, dental, and vision are just the start. we also offer health pro consultants, flexible spending accounts, and more.







paid r & r


kick back with paid time off. we want you to have flexibility, convenience, and control over how you recharge.







it's all about you


we've ditched old-school performance reviews for a tailored approach to career health that includes training for better career and leadership skills.







sweet company discounts


naturally, we offer steep discounts on our consumer rate plans and all the fantastic accessories we carry.







help with the fam


kids rock. but child care, adoption, and surrogacy aren’t cheap. we offer programs that help reduce those burdens.







investment options


options include a 401(k) plan, an annual employee stock grant, and a purchase plan that gives you the chance to grab t-mobile stock at a discount.







what to expect when applying for a job














job location
13427 ne spring blvd
bellevue, wa 98005




check your commute

driving
walking


bicycling
public transit






estimated travel time:

20min / 5 mi



route is not found.








are you a good fit for our team?
apply now
what's it like to work at t-mobile?find out



"great culture"










current senior technician in rowlett, tx



pros 
laid back, easy going, very relaxed and opportunities for advancement and career enhancement if the individual applies him/herself. they insist on a healthy work-life balance. and the ceo is entertaining and has done amazing things for the company.
cons 
they really like to promote from within, which is great, if you're "in", but it can be incredibly difficult to get in. pay can be a little on the low end of the scale, but benefits are great.
advice to management 
make sure that everyone on the teams are pulling their share of the weight; policies come out because of the intermittent 'bad apple'









"fun, exciting, big company"










current business analyst in bellevue, wa



pros 
there are many good reasons to work for t-mobile. discounted phone bill, discount towards accessories, and good benefits package to name a few. the company is growing and will soon be in the hunt for the top spot in the telecommunication world.
cons 
just like other large corporate environments, its not what you know its who you know in order to advance your career further. pay is fair could be better.
advice to management 
stop managing and be leaders! listen to your employees, be proactive in identifying issues rather than ignoring them.












one of the
most
ethical companies
in the world




as america’s un-carrier, t-mobile us, inc. (nasdaq: “tmus”) is redefining the way consumers and businesses buy wireless services through leading product and service innovation. the company’s advanced nationwide 4g and 4g lte network delivers outstanding wireless experiences for customers who are unwilling to compromise on quality and value. based in bellevue, washington, t-mobile us provides services through its subsidiaries and operates its flagship brands, t-mobile and metropcs. for more information, please visit http://www.t-mobile.com.


eoe statement
we take equal opportunity seriously - by choice  t-mobile usa, inc. is an equal opportunity employer.  all decisions concerning the employment relationship will be made without regard to age, race, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, marital status, veteran status, the presence of any physical or mental disability, or any other status or characteristic protected by federal, state, or local law.  discrimination or harassment based upon any of these factors is wholly inconsistent with our company values and will not be tolerated.  furthermore, such discrimination or harassment may violate federal, state, or local law.











t-mobile careers
metropcs careers
contact us
faq



facebook
twitter
you tube
linkedin
instagram





t-mobile.com
press
awards
legal
accessibility
privacy
terms of use


©2002-2017 t-mobile usa, inc.

















×










×


tell us who you are so we can get you to the right place.


current employee
employees of t-mobile and metropcs should choose current employee.


new applicant
everyone else including freelancers and contractors who are currently placed at t-mobile should choose new applicant.














