


        front end developer -        mediapro -         job board
    

























 






view our website



view all jobs








                                                                         mediapro                                                                        





thanks for visiting our job board. please review our open positions and apply to the positions that match your qualifications. 



front end developer


bothell, wa                    

full time                

mid level                


















mediapro is seeking a front-end developer responsible for front-end development, including graphic design and creating wordpress themes and plugins. this position requires a combination of programming skills (namely php, html5, css3, and javascript) and aesthetics (understanding element arrangements on the screen, color and font choices).  the candidate should have a strong understanding of industry trends and content management systems. experience with responsive and adaptive design is strongly preferred.  additionally, an understanding of the entire web development process, including design, development, and deployment is preferred.
the role will involve writing, supporting, testing and implementing front-end application interfaces and website ui elements.  you must be able to thrive in a technical ecosystem that includes a variety of proprietary, commercial and open source products--and become a master of each.

this role is a nice match for web developers who have experience working on a team to deliver user-experience driven digital products to clients and consumers.
the role will be based in our bothell, wa office.  occasional telecommuting opportunities may exist, but it will primarily be on-site in our bothell office.

requirements:

must have a minimum of 4 years of web development experience using front-end technologies
must have a minimum of 4 years of wordpress experience, including setup, configuration, theming and plug-in development
must have a minimum of 4 years of php experience
must have a minimum of 4 years experience with graphical design applications (for example: adobe creative suite, or other design tools)
experience with agile development methodologies
candidate must be able to effectively communicate in english (written & verbal)
effectively manage internal communication
advanced js frameworks (vue, react, angularjs, etc.)
html, css, sass, bootstrap

we offer:

competitive compensation
rapid growth opportunities based on performance
401k with generous profit share contribution
ppo medical, dental and vision insurance plans
paid vacation, sick leave and holidays
great work life balance


read more



apply for position








            apply for this position        
required*



apply with linkedin







apply with indeed









first name*



last name*



email address*



address*
















phone*



resume*

attach resume
                    or
                    paste resume



                        attach resume as .pdf, .doc, or .docx (limit 2mb) or
                        paste resume


 




                            paste your resume here or
                            attach resume file









cover letter



what's your citizenship / employment eligibility?*
no answeri am a u.s. citizen/permanent residentnon-citizen allowed to work for any employernon-citizen allowed to work for current employernon-citizen seeking work authorizationi am a canadian citizen/permanent residentother 

linkedin profile url:



do you have a minimum of four years of web development experience using front-end technologies?*
yesno 

do you have a minimum of four years of wordpress experience, including setup, configuration, theming, and plug-in development?*
yesno 

do you have a minimum of four years of php experience?*
yesno 

do you have a minimum of four years of experience with graphical design applications?  (adobe creative suite, or other design tools)*
yesno 

do you have measurable experience with agile methodologies that you can share?*
yesno 

do you understand that this is not a remote, or telecommuting role--and that it will require you to work on-site in our bothell, wa office?*
yesno 


submit application














×close
forward this position





recipient email address (one)



your name



your email address



enter a message (optional)
the message cannot contain links




human check*




















powered by















