



job application for ux/ui developer at snap! raise
























          apply now
        
ux/ui developer

        at snap! raise
      
(view all jobs)

        hq - seattle
      


we are looking for a versatile technical addition to our development team here in seattle. the position offers an extensive amount of ownership and influence to our development processes as we scale the largest team based fundraising solution in the country. you will be called upon to not only write the code, but also be a key driver in our product's development.
our stack overflow company page 
responsibilities

implement front end features for our primary product and new products
ensure the technical feasibility of ui/ux designs
collaborate with cross-functional teams to define, design, and release new features
feature level testing verifying code for robustness, including edge cases, usability, and general reliability
address and prioritize production level bugs and application performance improvements
continuously evaluate and implement new technologies to maximize development efficiency
be comfortable releasing production ready code on tight deadlines with high visibility
communication above all, do you know when to speak up and ask for help or feedback?

 
requirements 

formal software education in front end development and design.
1+ years of professional software development with specific experience in ui development.
a strong desire and to build visually compelling products that delight users, and a portfolio to back that up.
experience with sketch for consolidating and implementing product designs.
proficient understanding of web markup, including html5, css3
proficiency with vanilla javascript and jquery fundamentals
experience in implementing pixel perfect design.

 
nice to haves

experience with scalability issues and system architecture
experience with emberjs, angularjs, backbonejs, or any other similar modern javascript mvc framework
familiarity with ruby on rails or any modern mvc framework
experience building an api-driven javascript application
an understanding of development in test driven environments
ability to write javascript tests with mocha, jasmine, tape, or any other related javascript test framework
ability to write unit tests and function feature tests with capybara / selenium
understanding of git for source code management and revision control
an adaptable attitude and understanding of the agile software development methodology
ability to reevaluate priorities on a tight timeline
self-motivated with a team-first mentality
ability to work at a results-oriented, product-driven startup

 
we offer

competitive salary
health benefits included
free sports league entrance: yes we have company kickball & dodgeball teams!
orca public transit card
quiet, dedicated, awesome work space environment with an amazing view of lake union.
relocation assistance is also offered for the successful candidate.








apply for this job

* required
        











(optional)

almost there! review your information then click 'submit application' to apply.



first name *



last name *



email *



phone *



resume/cv


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 














cover letter


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 

















are you currently located in seattle?
    


--
yes
no


linkedin profile
    





website *






how did you hear about this job?
    











 



share this job:    













powered by 

 
      read our privacy policy

















