
jr. angular js developer position@bellevue, wa job - people tech group - bellevue, wa | indeed.com






















skip to job description, searchclose









find jobscompany reviewsfind salariesfind resumesemployers / post job







upload your resume


sign in







:







what
where





advanced job search


 

 



 



job title, keywords or company


city, state, or zip












jr. angular js developer position@bellevue, wa

people tech group
     -
bellevue, wa


job summaryjob title : jr. angular js developerlocation : bellevue, wajob type : full timeroles&responsibilities : good understanding of web technologies like javascript,bootstrap, angular js, html5, css, and jquerygood working experience with writing complex sql querieshands-on experience with web application and mobile application developmentexperience with d3.js to create chartscomfortable working with both front-end and back-end coderesponsible for planning, design, development, testing and delivery of web based applicationsrequires strong math, logic, and analytical skillsjob type: full-timerequired experience:ui technologies: 1 year

2 days ago   -  save job









» apply now

            please review all application instructions before applying to people tech group.






other jobs you may like


jr. angular js developer

people tech group -
					bellevue, wa
1 day ago

 easily apply



need jr. big data developers@bellevue, wa

people tech group -
					bellevue, wa
2 days ago

 easily apply



junior bigdata developer

people tech group -
					bellevue, wa
1 day ago

 easily apply








 





let employers find youthousands of employers search for candidates on indeedupload your resume










about - help center


©2017 indeed - cookies, privacy and terms



let employers find you  upload your resume









indeed salary estimatewe know salary is a key component of your decision whether or not to apply for a job. so when the hiring company hasn’t provided a salary for a job, we look at salary data from related companies and locations to come up with a reasonable estimate for what you can expect.with over 450,000,000 salaries collected from other jobs and employees, we use one of the biggest salary databases in the world to inform these estimates. and because we are continually adding feedback from users like you, we are able to keep refining our accuracy.these salary estimates are not endorsed by the hiring companies and may vary from what’s actually offered, but we have a pretty great record of getting close enough for you to make an informed decision.is this your job listing? send us feedback to correct an inaccurate salary estimate.

