






front end web developer - versium analytics inc.

































































































 








blog and media 






 









primary menu
home
products

predict
datafinder


about versium

about versium
versium leadership
press releases
career opportunities


contact
 


 













   


by wes noel
 employment opportunity
 2016-09-24



front end web developer
we are looking for a talented and driven web developer to come and join our engineering team to build web-based applications that leverage our industry leading predictive analytics engine.
in this position you will work as a member of our small, collaborative and passionate engineering team. you are looking for the opportunity to leave your mark by being a key contributor to our product offering. you have strong entrepreneurial abilities – you’re an absolute go-getter who is self-motivated and who thrives on working in a dynamic environment. you are intrigued by large quantities of data and analytics and the insights it can bring to customers. 
ultimately, you are looking to contribute your skills and expertise to a place that allows you to have a significant level of impact and offers limitless career growth opportunities.
reporting to: vp of engineering
requirements:

2 – 5 yrs experience building web based applications.
relentless end user focus with passion for great user experience.
proven track record of building end user apps that delight users.
strong modern css, html and jquery skills.
technologies such as; angularjs, npm, jspm, backbonejs, bootstrap.
experience with restful apis
experience with lamp stack a bonus.
collaborative team player with excellent interpersonal and communication skills.
ability to work with tight deadlines in a dynamic, open environment.
self-driven to succeed under minimal supervision.
bachelor’s degree (computer science preferred) or equivalent experience.

email resume/linkedin to: jobs@versium.com
about versium
versium delivers automated predictive analytics solutions (predictive scores), which provide actionable data intelligence faster, more accurately and at a fraction of the cost of alternative predictive marketing solutions. versium’s solutions leverage the company’s extensive lifedata® warehouse, which contains more than 1 trillion consumer and business data attributes. lifedata® contains both online and offline behavioral data including social-graphic details, real-time event-based data, purchase interests, financial information, activities & skills, and demographics. these attributes are matched to an enterprise’s internal data, and used in machine learning models to improve customer acquisition, retention and cross sell and upsell marketing activities. 
come join a team of successful serial entrepreneurs and work on the next big thing.  we’re located in redmond, wa in redmond town center with beautiful bike trails, great food and retail nearby. find out more about us at www.versium.com




















what is versium? versium delivers automated predictive analytics solutions (predictive scores), which provide actionable data intelligence faster, more accurately and at a fraction of the cost of alternative predictive marketing solutions.

with versium's ai and data sass platform, finding the best prospects for your marketing campaigns has never been easier. get data driven to improve conversion and roi








   





menucareer opportunities
versium blog
press releases
contact
data card 2017
 contacts  1-800-395-0164
 sales@versium.com

microsoft dynamics sales
 msft-sales@versium.com


microsoft dynamics support
msft-support@versium.com

 7530 164th ave. ne suite a204 redmond, wa 98052 

wes noel is the coolest guy ever!


















privacy policy
career opportunities
press releases
 

© copyright 2017 versium analytics inc.




























