


careers | beyondsoft |web developer














































please enable cookies to continue
please enable cookies in your browser to experience all the personalized features of this site, including the ability to apply for a job.







welcome page







returning candidate?

log back in!












web developer


job locations

us-wa-bellevue





job id

2017-1157


# of openings

1









overview






we’re looking for a new web developer to build out our team at beyondsoft's consulting and bi services unit (formerly piraeus consulting). this is a great opportunity to dive into a variety of back-end technologies and front-end development projects, partner with a diverse clientele, and have a collaborative team to back you up.  all of our developers are responsible for contributing on their client projects, meaning that you will be hands-on coding and also working directly with your clients to clarify project requirements and provide your own recommendations on how to best get the job done.  you will also be expected to contribute to our greater development team by helping other team members as needed and reporting back on lessons learned from your work.  employee engagement is a must!  if you want to be locked in a room and left alone to code for three months, this is not the job for you. we’re looking for team players who are highly capable, and ultimately want to expand and move the business forward.








qualifications






- familiarity with azure or other cloud technologies- 3-5 years of hands-on experience with website and web-application development - proficient in c#, asp.net, mvc, restful api, javascript (ajax, jquery), cascading style sheets (css)- working knowledge of relational database systems and object-oriented programming- strong written and verbal communication skills- excellent interpersonal, collaborative, and creative problem-solving skills preferred qualifications:- previous consulting experience and/or client interaction- previous experience at microsoft or other corporate experience- bachelor's degree in computer science, or equivalent experience- experience with sql server or other relational databases- revision control systems (github, subversion, cvs, tfs) 





options

apply for this job onlineapplyshareemail this job to a friendrefer


sorry the share function is not working properly at this moment. please refresh the page and try again later.

share on your newsfeed




need help finding the right job?




we can recommend jobs specifically for you!

click here to get started.







application faqssoftware powered by icimswww.icims.com









