







careers job search




















   
 
   















































position descriptionsign in|new user


















 previous job







next job 








 






job details


















job title


assistant content developer globe intern


job id


45943





location




washington





full/part time

full-time













favorite job





regular/temporary

temporary



















office location






seattle, washington (wa), usawa201





a little about us






the nature conservancy is a global conservation organization dedicated to conserving the lands and waters on which all life depends. guided by science, we create innovative, on-the-ground solutions to our world’s toughest challenges so that nature and people can thrive together. one of our core values is our commitment to diversity. therefore, we are committed to a globally diverse and culturally competent workforce. working in 72 countries, we use a collaborative approach that engages local communities, governments, the private sector, and other partners. to learn more, visit www.nature.org or follow @nature_press on twitter.the nature conservancy offers competitive compensation, 401k or savings-plan matching for eligible employees, excellent benefits, flexible work policies and a collaborative work environment. we also provide professional development opportunities and promote from within. as a result, you will find a culture that supports and inspires conservation achievement and personal development, both within the workplace and beyond.your internship with tncthe nature conservancy’s globe (growing leaders on behalf of the environment) summer internship program hires undergraduate students, graduate students, or recent college graduates (2016, 2017, and 2018) to fill paid internship positions during a 10-week summer internship. our mission is to provide a unique opportunity to bridge the gap between academics and the real-world conservation work that contributes to the health and sustainability of our world. the globe program recruits individuals from a variety of backgrounds and experiences who are interested in contributing to our conservation goals in various fields. the globe program offers a structured orientation, professional training, network opportunities, mentoring program, and real work experience. 





essential functions






the nature conservancy’s digital education program, nature works everywhere (nwe), harnesses the power of technology to bring nature to life for millions of youth where they live, learn and play. since the beginning of the program in 2012, nwe has reached 6 million students. our free digital lesson plans, videos, and virtual field trips are aligned with next generation science standards and common core standards and are designed to help students learn the science behind how nature works and how to take action to protect it. virtual field trips connect students with conservancy scientists from around the world through live, google hangouts. over the past three years, students have travelled “virtually” to kenya, peru, borneo, palau, china, and several other locations.  additionally, nature works everywhere demonstrates nature’s benefits to students and connects them to global challenges to protect the natural systems that produce our food, water, clean air, and energy. the assistant content developer globe intern will benefit nature works everywhere by helping to update classroom materials to provide the most up-to-date information for teachers. in addition, the globe intern’s assistance in developing a virtual field trip will help to support some of the coordination needs around the event.





responsibilities and scope






•    update and revise existing nwe curriculum for publishing on the website. •    create support materials based on the original lessons. supporting materials could be in the form of powerpoints, spreadsheets, word documents, or other interactive, web-based components such as an esri story map.•    assist in the pre-production of a nwe virtual field trip. •    coordinate with virtual field trip partners both within and outside of tnc.•    management of visual assets including video and photos, coordination and delivery of assets.•    assist in the creation of companion educational materials for the virtual field trip.





minimum qualifications






•    hs diploma or equivalent.  enrolled in an undergraduate program, graduate program, or a recent graduate (2016, 2017, or 2018) of biology, education, conservation/environmental studies, or related field, or equivalent•    completion of the nature conservancy’s leaf internship program •    experience with written and oral communication•    experience with ms office (word, excel, and powerpoint)desired qualifications•    experience to self-start and take initiative with the confidence to ask questions and seek input•    strong organizational skills•    experience in managing time and balancing diverse activities while meeting deadlines and delivering quality results•    experience using adobe photoshop and indesign





additional job information






•    this is a full-time, temporary internship position with a 10-week term of june 4 – august 10, 2018. eligibilitythe nature conservancy's globe program candidate should demonstrate at least one of the following: •    contribution to diversity of the nature conservancy. applicant has circumstances, experiences, skills or talents that would benefit others and would enhance the diversity of the organization. •    understanding of communities and skills that aid in the trust building process essential for collaborative efforts with urban communities, organizations and leaders—ability to cross boundaries, find common ground and work together across differences •    commitment to diversity. applicant has shown and can demonstrate a deep and active commitment to the issues of conservation and human diversity. •    commitment to equity. applicant shows an understanding of inequity and its context and has experience with engagement and inclusion of those from disadvantaged and/or underserved communities intern selection process•    applications will be screened for eligibility, qualifications and experience level related to the project;•    applicants will be notified of next steps in the process (within 3 weeks after the posting date ends)•    2-3 telephone interviews will be conducted for selected applicants;•    additional information may be required before making a final decision;•    all applicants will be notified of final selection by late-march





salary information






$12.50/per hour (undergrads) and $14.50/per hour (graduate and recently graduated level students)





how to apply






to apply to position number 45943, submit resume, cover letter, and reflection of leaf experience (all are required) separately using the upload buttons. all applications must be submitted in the system prior to 11:59 p.m. eastern time on january 12, 2018.  reflection of leaf experience must be submitted with the application to be considered.click “submit” to apply for the position or “save for later” to create a draft application for future submission. once submitted, applications cannot be revised or edited. failure to complete required fields may result in your application being disqualified from consideration.if you experience technical issues, please refer to our applicant user guide or contact applyhelp@tnc.org.the nature conservancy is an equal opportunity employerour commitment to diversity includes the recognition that our conservation mission is best advanced by the leadership and contributions of men and women of diverse backgrounds, beliefs and culture. recruiting and mentoring staff to create an inclusive organization that reflects our global character is a priority and we encourage applicants from all cultures, races, colors, religions, sexes, national or regional origins, ages, disability status, sexual orientation, gender identity, military, protected veteran status or other status protected by law.the successful applicant must meet the requirements of the nature conservancy’s background screening process.




































return to previous page













t
 




help


test     



 
careers job search 
default local node:dbname:portal:node:workcenter id:url:
 



test





