







covestic






















front-end ruby developer


office region:
1- seattle area (headquarters)


job location:
seattle


id:
4224


#:
2



description
covestic is looking for a front-end ruby developer to assist with developing new features and making enhancements to a high volume, high-traffic website.  the ideal candidate will have real-world rails and web front end development experience.
responsibilities: 

be a part of design and development in ruby and ror applications supporting a high volume, high-traffic website and several other web properties
take an active role in all aspects of the development life cycle
utilize test-driven development (tdd) and behavior-driven development (bdd) processes
work within a continuous integration (ci) release cycle
create and maintain project documentation, in accordance with established standards
work in an agile environment utilizing the lean/kanban process
work on a development team that is within a larger technology organization

required skills and experience:

1+ year of ruby development experience
experience with ajax, css, javascript and other front-end web technologies
experience applying tdd and bdd to software development
understanding of object oriented programming (oo)
experience with linux, apache, mysql

desired skills: 

experience designing and implementing interfaces using jquery, prototype, or other ajax ui libraries an asset
experience developing for a high volume, high traffic website and/or web-based application

for immediate consideration, please apply through the link provided or forward your resume directly to     polson@covestic.com    .

covestic is a premier provider of it services for midsize and enterprise organizations. as a leader in helping clients to identify, implement and manage the it solutions which make their businesses stronger, we offer a comprehensive portfolio of services encompassing various facets of it service management, it operations, cloud computing, and project delivery. if you are a practiced professional with a passion for technology and teamwork, then join our team.



















are you a returning applicant?












previous applicants:


email:





password:





if you do not remember your password click here.




back to search results


new search













©2015 covestic inc. all rights reserved.
| legal
| privacy


about covestic | solutions | industries served | careers | contact



