



job application for software engineer ii at brandverity






















          apply now
        
software engineer ii

        at brandverity
      
(view all jobs)

        seattle
      


we are looking for an experienced software engineer to tackle interesting data storage, access, and presentation problems in the context of a small but stable software business that values solving customer problems, challenging work, and fulfilling lives outside of work. join our team as we find and root out evil on the internet every day!
our challenges
we have two big challenges: collecting the right data from the web about brand and product content in context, and filtering that data down to the specific incidences that are of concern to our customers. we solve brand protection problems in online content in automated and creative ways.
the first piece is a big, directed-crawling challenge, as we want to hit the interesting pages without having the resources to crawl the entire web.  this involves interpreting signals to determine whether following a link is likely to be interesting along with a typical spectrum of web crawling concerns.
the second piece is filtering the content we find for the customer.  we use primarily heuristic-based solutions today, but expect to increasingly incorporate machine learning and natural language processing for identification of content in the future.  for example, we’re using machine learning to predict how customers will categorize issues based on their previous reviews.  
in some cases, we are also detecting intentionally bad behavior, in a cat and mouse game to discover those bad (though intelligent) actors.
join our team and help to address these challenges while learning cool new technologies!  grow your career in exploring challenging problem spaces like machine learning, big data and ‘simply’ writing responsive and elegant software that performs at enormous scale!  collaborate with like-minded developers who do all of this while working in a fun and dynamic environment!
our stack
all of this data collection and filtering requires intelligent data storage, primarily in non-relational data stores within aws, including dynamodb, redis, and our column-oriented data store on top of s3.  we use mysql in rds for core relational data.  we work in python - it’s a versatile tool.  
all of our heavy lifting is done within aws, leveraging chef and ec2 autoscaling groups to handle changing loads without human intervention.
we have hired engineers from a variety of different backgrounds and have found that sharp engineers can identify shared concepts and quickly adapt to the new stack, so don’t worry if your background does not include some of these technologies.
to learn more about building at brandverity, please visit: https://www.brandverity.com/devblog
we'd love for you to have: 

bachelor’s degree in computer science or equivalent experience/training
at least 3 years of software development experience
experience in taking potentially underspecified tasks and challenges and working with stakeholders to clarify and create solutions
excellent communication skills
an enthusiasm for learning and solving problems
a desire to invest in yourself and a team over time - we’re in it for the long haul

in return, we'll provide:

health, dental, and vision insurance
401k matching
unlimited vacation
incentive stock options
orca pass

we value teamwork
we trust each other to discover problems that need to be solved here and to shape our own roles.  we frequently collaborate to find innovative solutions.  we like to have fun together in addition to tackling complex and challenging problems.
we communicate quite freely with sales, marketing, and account management as the company is small (under 40).  we use a lightweight product development process based on scrum.  we engineer resilient systems so that we don’t have to mess around with them all the time.
we want you to have time to do the things that are important to you outside of work and come to work refreshed and inspired with your best ideas.  to that end, we keep reasonable working hours and have an unlimited vacation policy.
we are brandverity
 
brandverity is a small, bootstrapped saas startup with three great products. our goal is to create a better online experience for consumers by helping the brands they trust track the behavior of their digital marketing partners. we strive to provide our customers with simple software solutions that make their lives easier. we are in this for the long haul and aim for sustainable growth and satisfied customers.
 
we value our team
 
our company’s most valuable asset is our team. to ensure everyone is happy at work and loving what they do, we place an emphasis on work-life balance, trust and empower people to get the job done (and learn while doing it), and celebrate accomplishments through team events and weekly company gatherings. we do our best to make sure our work environment is friendly, fun, open, and inclusive.
 
we thrive on diversity
 
at brandverity, we know that diversity of all kinds leads to better ideas, a better work environment, and makes us a better company as a whole. as such, we place a high value on diversity and welcome people of any race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. we're an equal opportunity employer.







apply for this job

* required
        


first name *



last name *



email *



phone *




              location (city)
                *




resume/cv *


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 














cover letter


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 

















how did you hear about this job? *



please selectangellist
brandverity careers page
craigslist
indeed
geekwire
glassdoor
linkedin
university job board
contacted by recruiter
internal referral
external referral
other


please tell us about yourself and your interest in the position.
    






linkedin profile
    





website
    







u.s. equal opportunity employment information (completion is voluntary)


  individuals seeking employment at brandverity are considered without regards
  to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical
  or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation. you are
  being given the opportunity to provide the following information in order to help us
  comply with federal and state equal employment opportunity/affirmative action record
  keeping, reporting, and other legal requirements.


  completion of the form is entirely voluntary. whatever your decision,
  it will not be considered in the hiring process or thereafter. any information that you
  do provide will be recorded and maintained in a confidential file.


gender
please selectmale
female
decline to self identify


are you hispanic/latino?
please selectyes
no
decline to self identify


please identify your race
please selectamerican indian or alaskan native
asian
black or african american
hispanic or latino
white
native hawaiian or other pacific islander
two or more races
decline to self identify


      race & ethnicity definitions


  if you believe you belong to any of the categories of protected veterans listed below,
  please indicate by making the appropriate selection.  as a government contractor
  subject to vietnam era veterans readjustment assistance act (vevraa), we request this
  information in order to measure the effectiveness of the outreach and positive
  recruitment efforts we undertake pursuant to vevraa. classification of protected
  categories is as follows:


  a "disabled veteran" is one of the following: a veteran of the u.s. military, ground,
  naval or air service who is entitled to compensation (or who but for the receipt of
  military retired pay would be entitled to compensation) under laws administered by the
  secretary of veterans affairs; or a person who was discharged or released from active
  duty because of a service-connected disability.


  a "recently separated veteran" means any veteran during the three-year period beginning
  on the date of such veteran's discharge or release from active duty in the u.s.
  military, ground, naval, or air service.


  an "active duty wartime or campaign badge veteran" means a veteran who served on active
  duty in the u.s. military, ground, naval or air service during a war, or in a campaign
  or expedition for which a campaign badge has been authorized under the laws
  administered by the department of defense.


  an "armed forces service medal veteran" means a veteran who, while serving on active
  duty in the u.s. military, ground, naval or air service, participated in a united
  states military operation for which an armed forces service medal was awarded pursuant
  to executive order 12985.


veteran status
please selecti am not a protected veteran
i identify as one or more of the classifications of a protected veteran
i don't wish to answer



form cc-305
omb control number 1250-0005
expires 1/31/2020

voluntary self-identification of disability
why are you being asked to complete this form?

  because we do business with the government, we must reach out to, hire, and provide
  equal opportunity to qualified people with disabilities1.  to help us
  measure how well we are doing, we are asking you to tell us if you have a disability or
  if you ever had a disability.  completing this form is voluntary, but we hope that you
  will choose to fill it out.  if you are applying for a job, any answer you give will be
  kept private and will not be used against you in any way.


  if you already work for us, your answer will not be used against you in any way.
  because a person may become disabled at any time, we are required to ask all of our
  employees to update their information every five years.  you may voluntarily
  self-identify as having a disability on this form without fear of any punishment
  because you did not identify as having a disability earlier.

how do i know if i have a disability?

  you are considered to have a disability if you have a physical or mental impairment or
  medical condition that substantially limits a major life activity, or if you have a
  history or record of such an impairment or medical condition.

disabilities include, but are not limited to:

blindness
deafness
cancer
diabetes
epilepsy
autism
cerebral palsy
hiv/aids
schizophrenia
muscular dystrophy
bipolar disorder
major depression
multiple sclerosis (ms)
missing limbs or partially missing limbs
post-traumatic stress disorder (ptsd)
obsessive compulsive disorder
impairments requiring the use of a wheelchair
intellectual disability (previously called mental retardation)


disability status
please selectyes, i have a disability (or previously had a disability)
no, i don't have a disability
i don't wish to answer

reasonable accommodation notice

  federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified
  individuals with disabilities. please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation
  to apply for a job or to perform your job.  examples of reasonable accommodation
  include making a change to the application process or work procedures, providing
  documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using
  specialized equipment.


1section 503 of the rehabilitation act of 1973, as amended.  for more
  information about this form or the equal employment obligations of federal contractors,
  visit the u.s. department of labor's office of federal contract compliance programs
  (ofccp) website at www.dol.gov/ofccp.


  public burden statement:  according to the paperwork reduction act of 1995 no persons
  are required to respond to a collection of information unless such collection displays
  a valid omb control number. this survey should take about 5 minutes to complete.








 



share this job:    













powered by 

 
      read our privacy policy

















