

	
    full stack developer - aerial applications
















aerial applications




company info


about

are you interested in doing groundbreaking work? our team is always looking for bright, motivated, passionate people who want to put their energy to work building the drone industry. we don’t mind getting dirty. we’re highly entrepreneurial. and we provide a unique opportunity to leave a lasting fingerprint on how major companies do business.

view more

contact info


            aerial applications
            pennovation center
                3401 grays ferry ave.
                philadelphia, pa 19146


web:
http://www.aerialapplications.com/

 



              full stack developer
              
                


            philadelphia, pa 
          
job overview and requirements

aerial applications is a quickly growing saas startup, and we're as human-focused as we are tech-focused. we take advantage of drones to produce accurate and meaningful data for a wide variety of businesses. our software platform transforms drone-captured images into rich maps and 2d/3d models, allowing our clients (telecom companies, disaster first-responders, and more) to interact with more actionable information. as part of our exciting growth, we are looking for a full stack developer to play a critical role in continuing to build out our platform.working on both ends of our application, you should feel totally at home using html, css, and javascript. we take pride in our ability to be cross-departmental: you'll report directly to our cto and interface regularly with our cmo who doubles as product manager. moreover, you’ll be joining a team already working on optimizing our 3d modeling and our use of ai, among other exciting projects.there’s never been a better time to explore drone technology: as they become more widespread, we’re finding more ways to leverage simple drone imagery into industry-changing data.potential to work remotely.job responsibilities* develop in javascript/mean stack to continuously support the development of our application* collaborate with our product manager and development team within weekly sprint cycles and daily stand-ups* report directly to our cto* assume responsibility for coding, testing, implementing, maintaining, documenting, and supporting application software* successfully employ asana and github for project management and tracking issues/completionjob requirements* bachelor’s degree and 3-4 years relevant experience, or equivalent combination of education and experience* strong experience developing with html, css, javascript and the mean stack (mongodb/express/angular/node)* experience with jquery, ajax* strong experience with version control using github* a plus if you've worked on mapping, 3d modeling, and/or visualization tools before* should be confident with web development and software engineering principles* excellent verbal, written and technical communication skills and interpersonal skills* a natural self-starter who feels at home in a fast-paced, startup environment* bonus: you’re super excited to contribute to the drone technology fieldcompensation & benefits* competitive salary is commensurate with individual’s experience and skills* healthcare* pto: 15 days and all federal holidays
 

 

 
 


© jane

terms | privacy policy








