


        web developer -        think company -         job board
    

























 






view our website



view all jobs















we are a diverse group of designers who love our jobs and are on the lookout for talented professionals to join our team.if you meet the qualifications of our job postings, and you are as passionate about ridding the world of poor user experiences as we are, we want to talk to you! come think with us!the think company team 



web developer


philadelphia, pa                    

full time                

development                    

mid level                


















recruiters and staffing companies need not contact us and do not have permission to contact candidates on our behalf.
think company has been named one of the best places to work by the philadelphia business journal! 
if you’re an experienced web developer based in the philadelphia area and are interested in working for an award-winning design consultancy, please read on!
think company is hiring experienced web developers who are passionate about crafting code that is as beautiful and as elegant as our designs. our development team is comprised of technologists who understand and are able to reconcile the goals of development, design, and business. we believe in open web standards, progressive enhancement, accessibility, and making things fast. we are a team of individuals with diverse skills who love learning and sharing knowledge.
are you someone who...

crafts web standards compliant, progressively enhanced, accessible html, css, and javascript to accurately translate responsive and adaptive design visions into code
has experience with or is open to learning newer web technologies, such as web components and single page application frameworks and libraries like react
has experience with or is open to learning server-side programming languages and technical stacks, such as php, .net, java/jsp, and coldfusion
has experience with or is open to learning various cms platforms, such as wordpress, drupal, adobe experience manager, and sitecore
has experience with or is open to learning about test-driven development and various build/ci tools
demonstrates great attention to detail and a service-oriented mindset
possesses exceptional verbal and written communication skills
works collaboratively with cross-functional teams, including visual and ux designers, project managers, software engineers, qa engineers, and product owners
wants to make a positive impact in the lives of our clients, and our clients' customers

if this sounds like you, let's talk! please submit: a cover letter introducing yourself, your resume, and a link to your personal web site and/or at least three urls showcasing your front-end code.
position details:  full-time (40 hours/week), permanent employment with think company. must be open to working onsite with our clients in the philadelphia area. 

read more



apply for position








            apply for this position        
required*



apply with linkedin







apply with indeed









first name*



last name*



email address*



address*
















phone*



resume*

attach resume
                    or
                    paste resume



                        attach resume as .pdf, .doc, or .docx (limit 2mb) or
                        paste resume


 




                            paste your resume here or
                            attach resume file









cover letter*



who referred you to this position?



what's your citizenship / employment eligibility?*
no answeri am a u.s. citizen/permanent residentnon-citizen allowed to work for any employernon-citizen allowed to work for current employernon-citizen seeking work authorizationi am a canadian citizen/permanent residentother 

website, blog or portfolio:



desired salary*



earliest start date?*



share three urls that represent your best work writing html, css, and/or javascript. these can be live sites or public code repositories:*
 

human check*











submit application














×close
forward this position





recipient email address (one)



your name



your email address



enter a message (optional)
the message cannot contain links




human check*




















powered by















