



mobiquity careers - full stack developer



























 













                                                    mobiquity careers                                            







                full stack developer
    
    

                            technology            
                                                gainesville,
                                        florida
                                                
                                        waltham,
                                        massachusetts
                                                
                                        wayne,
                                        pennsylvania
                            
                        



        apply
    


description

who we are:mobiquity is a digital engagement provider that strategizes, designs, builds, and optimizes data-driven solutions for more than 200 leading brands around the world. we are a collective of unique individuals - over 300 employees spread across 3 continents and 9 offices -  with a mission to humanize digital experiences. our team of consultants, designers, engineers, and data scientists engages consumers, patients, and employees across all channels (including mobile, web, internet of things, and voice). each day, 50 million users interact with mobiquity’s solutions – for accessing weather information and placing mobile orders to tracking patient trends and receiving continuous care™. we work within a wide variety of industries and have deep expertise in sectors including healthcare, consumer, retail, communications, and financial services. we’re also proud to be an amazon web services (aws) premier consulting partner with competencies in iot, mobile, healthcare, and life sciences, as this top-tier honor is one of many qualifications that differentiates us from the rest. responsibilities:                                     strong passion for node.js( 5+ years)experience with newer javascript technologies such as es6, express, babel, webpack, react, and angularnosql database experience such as mongodb(5+ years)real world web and api development experienceexperience with web services api integration solid foundation in data structures, algorithms, and oo designexperience with micro services, ddd is nice to have.experience with aws, docker, kafka is nice to have.experience with ci/cd is nice to haveexperience in a linux or unix based environmentability to understand requirements and map to technical implementation.7+ years of experience in software development or a related field.  recruiting agencies: while we really do appreciate what you do, and how challenging it can be, don’t do it. please do not send us unsolicited resumes, either to our employees, job listings, or recruiting team. (we call those “free leads”). mobiquity is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.mobiquity is an equal opportunity employer. we feel strongly that the best ideas come from all sorts of directions and sources, and cutting ourselves off from anyone due to our own biases is simply bad business




        apply
    

        apply later    


            ← back to current openings        




share





linkedin




facebook




twitter




email






similar jobs





                                    {{ job.title }}
                                












powered by jobvite









