


sonic healthcare usa : careers :junior server engineer















































please enable cookies to continue
please enable cookies in your browser to experience all the personalized features of this site, including the ability to apply for a job.







welcome page







returning candidate?

log back in!












junior server engineer


job location

us-tx-austin

posted date

1 day ago



type

regular full-time


shift

first shift









overview






the junior server engineer is responsible for the maintenance, and support for large scale enterprise microsoft, vmware and dell equal logic/compellent storage environment. the server engineer is expected to have a good foundation of windows server 2012/2008/2003, vmware infrastructure and active directory. day-to-day responsibilities include system administration including the working trouble tickets, monitoring of systems, security, performance, and backup/restore and configuration changes. troubleshoot incidents, determine root causes, and finds/ implements solutions for problems.








responsibilities






skills:familiarity with microsoft products such as sql, iis, sharepoint and exchange,possesses strong troubleshooting and problem solving skills, including application and network-level troubleshooting ability. high levels of confidence and experience in using the typical linux toolbox of open source software and management tools. strong understanding of various protocols and services including nfs, dhcp, dns, ip, tcp, udp, tftp, ntp. ability to develop business relationships and communicate effectively with the developers, peers and supervisors.strong writing skills and the ability to create professional business documents.applies strong knowledge of processes and resources required to perform analytical and technical problem solving tasks.ability to use data and logic to quickly find solutions to difficult challenges.adheres to schedules and agendas and respects others’ time.effectively prioritizes and executes tasks in a high-pressure environment.adjusts effectively to new work demands, processes, structures and cultures.works well independently or in teams.able to manage multiple assignments simultaneously.








qualifications






required:bachelor (4-year) degree with a technical major such as engineering or computer science, or demonstrated work experience.proficiency with common windows system administration and ad tools essential.must have working knowledge of the following areas: vmware vsphere 5 and 6 and vmware horizon, linux, windows server 2012/2008/2003 domain environment (active directory, dhcp, dns, etc.).must be able to balance high quality standards with schedule pressures and demanding environment.must be a resourceful self-starter, flexible, pro-active, solution-oriented and customer-oriented.preferredknowledge of healthcare information technology.





options

apply for this job onlineapplysharerefer this job to a friendrefer


sorry the share function is not working properly at this moment. please refresh the page and try again later.

share on your newsfeed





application faqssoftware powered by icimswww.icims.com









