





full-stack software developer
































































twitterfacebook(773) 683-1492
request a demo
login
 


0shopping carthome
product

menu management
inventory management
distributor purchasing
menu analytics
drink database
customized design
marketing & promotions
upsell tools
member wine lockers
faqs


resources

client case studies
liquor pricing calculator sheet
liquor and bar inventory spreadsheet
how to increase beverage sales by modernizing your bar
definitive guide to increasing wine sales
the bottom line inventory handbook
guide to integrating technology solutions for country clubs
2015 report on consumer alcoholic beverage preferences in restaurants


pricing
about

our story
press
careers


contact us
trend tracker
blog





menu



 






full-stack software developer
uncorkd is looking for a full-stack software developer to join our small team. you will have the opportunity to work with a wide range of technologies and frame­­works and have autonomy in creating, testing and deploying web and mobile products. you will gain exposure to all aspects of a small tech company and have a material impact on its future success. plus, if you enjoy beer, spirits or wine, you’ll get to work with your interests on a daily basis.
who we are:
used by hundreds of establishments worldwide, uncorkd provides interactive, ipad beverage menus for bars and restaurants. instead of being presented with a paper wine list or beer menu, diners are provided an ipad to view tasting notes, see pictures, and get recommendations. the tools we build enable our clients to better serve their customers, manage their inventory, and improve their operations.
what you’ll do:

get involved at every level of the business, including sales, support, and product design
develop a strong understanding of the $200b alcoholic beverage industry
work on the entire tech stack, from front-end development to infrastructure maintenance
build robust, secure, scalable, and appropriately tested features from end to end
have an outsized impact on the company as an early employee

what you’ll need:

0-3 years of professional development experience, scripting language preferred (like php)
working knowledge of html, css and javascript
familiarity with modern deployment concepts, including cloud infrastructure (like aws) and configuration management (like puppet)
strong understanding of relational database technologies, including sql knowledge
mobile app development experience preferred, but not required
desire and openness to learning new tools and technologies – knowing everything on day 1 is not a requirement

we value integrity, transparency, and delivering amazing products and service. you’ll help us define uncorkd’s culture and ensure that we enjoy building impactful products every day.  we work hard and play hard, respect our colleagues, and hold each other accountable.
in addition to salary, we provide significant equity participation, health insurance and a cool work environment and office in river north.  but most importantly, you’ll have the opportunity to be an early employee that will have a huge impact on the company’s success, the ability to learn new technologies, and the chance to build a company that you love to be a part of.
if all of this excites you, we’d love to talk further. please email jobs@uncorkd.biz with a description of yourself and experience, resume and any relevant work examples you’d like to share.
we do not work with recruiters. please no phone calls regarding the position.

   

about us about uncorkd
our story
careers
faqs

contact us request a demo
ask us a question
phone: 773.683.1492
email:  sales@uncorkd.biz

our location 372 w ontario st
suite 301
chicago, il 60654

 









©2017 uncorkd, inc.  |  privacy policy and website terms






top

questions? feedback? powered by olark live chat software




















scroll to top



