
 








fullstack javascript developer – trading technologies

















































trading technologies






platforms





													tt® platform												



													x_trader® platform												





													pricing												






solutions





													spread trading												



													algo trading												



													apis												



													options trading												



													charting & analytics												





													mobile trading												



													fix services												



													artificial intelligence & trade compliance												



													mifid ii compliance												






markets





													markets served												



													energies												





													fixed income												






resources





													documentation												



													training videos												



													community 



													tradable products												





													support center												



													licensing & billing 



													downloads 


























sign in to trade
try tt now








fullstack javascript developer

 




location: us-il-chicago
are you a passionate and inventive javascript developer?  do you want to be working on cutting edge solutions in a collaborative and challenging environment?  we are seeking a javascript developer who thrives on pushing the limits of technology to produce state of the art solutions. our engineering team is constantly challenged to deliver creative, imaginative and scalable solutions for a highly complex trading environment. we’ve worked hard to make our platform the top choice for derivatives traders and we’re committed to pushing the envelope. if this sounds like a place you can thrive, please continue reading.

responsibilities: 

design, develop and implement web applications. this will include implementing new product features and guis, as well as enhancing and maintaining existing functionality, monitoring solutions and performance characteristics
participate in design discussions, review sessions and prototyping
successfully integrate data between various systems
ensure the scalability and quality of all code
assist with product documentation, unit testing and ensuring overall product quality

qualifications: 

5+ years experience with javascript and web standards
knowledge of react, backbone, service workers and experience building applications with vanilla javascript
solid understanding of functional programming, object oriented programming and cs foundations
experience building scalable, optimal performance web applications
good understanding of both front end (javascript, html, css) and server side (node.js or python) components
proven and strong communication skills



us-il-chicago
posted 2 weeks ago








full name





email address





message





upload cv





			upload your cv/resume or any other relevant file. max. file size: 15 mb.	












trading technologies (tt) is an equal opportunity employer. equal employment has been, and continues to be a required practice at the company. trading technologies’ practice of equal employment opportunity is to recruit, hire, train, promote and base all employment decisions on ability, rather than race, color, religion, national origin, sex, age, disability, sexual orientation, genetic information or any other protected status.   additionally, tt participates in the e-verify program.









about us


who we are


meet the team


work at tt


news releases


in the news




connect


trade talk blog


job openings


tt campusconnect™


events


contact




legal


terms of use


privacy




follow


facebook


twitter


instagram


medium


linkedin


youtube





language: english | 日本語 copyright © 2017 trading technologies international, inc. all rights reserved.








































