



cloudcraze careers - front end developer



























 










                                                    cloudcraze careers                                            







                front end developer
    
    

                            product management            
                    chicago,
                            illinois
                
                        



        apply
    


description

front end developer are you ready to make a difference at a high-growth, global company, recognized as a “visionary” in gartner’s 2017 magic quadrant for digital commerce?  a platinum salesforce partner, cloudcraze is the only saas based commerce product on the market, built natively in the salesforce platform.  with a core focus in the b2b space, cloudcraze is customer-focused, allowing our clients the ability to provide a tailored experience in order better connect and drive on-going relationships with their customers in ways that are commonly only experienced in b2c environments.   position overview reporting into the senior director of product management the front end developer will work closely with the sr. ux designer, product owners and product developer in order to build rich user interfaces leveraging the latest technologies such as bootstrap and salesforce.   qualified individuals must be experienced in front end development and visual design.  strong html5, bootstrap, css3, sass/less and javascript development experience along with a collaborative effort in a fast-paced, product-centric environment is essential.   key responsibilities: focus on developing responsive html5 and css3 scalable products convert ux designs and comps into html5, css3 and javascript based experiences ability to brand ux designs into visual designs on sketch, illustrator, etc. build reusable, scalable code and libraries for future use experience creating css3 libraries in sass or less create client quality mockups and prototypes ensure the technical feasibility of ux/ui designs create responsive cascading style sheets (css3) that are scalable across all browsers, devices and platforms collaborate with the product team in order to think through and inform design decisions collaborate with other team’s stakeholders and members optimize application for maximum speed and scalability maintain pixel perfect graphics and branding throughout the product’s interface write functional requirement documents and guide minimum qualifications: 3-5 years front end web development experience 3-5 years visual design experience bachelor’s degree in graphic design, web development or related field proficient understanding of web markup, including html5 and css3 basic understanding of server-side css pre-processing platforms, such as less and sass proficient understanding of client-side scripting and javascript frameworks, including jquery good understanding of advanced javascript libraries and frameworks, such as angular, backbone and/or bootstrapgood understanding of asynchronous request handling, partial page updates, and ajax basic knowledge of image authoring tools, to be able to crop, resize, or perform small adjustments on an image. familiarity with tools such as as gimp or photoshop is a plus proficient understanding of cross-browser compatibility issues and ways to work around them good understanding of seo principles and how they are handled on the front end ideal qualifications: proficient understanding of code versioning tools, such as git experience developing dynamic, data-driven websites prior experience developing for a scalable product prior experience in developing user interfaces on the salesforce platform prior experience developing lightning components on the salesforce platform proficient understanding translating ux designs to visual designs why work here?  start up feel with grown up benefits. competitive pay, 401(k) with company matching contribution, blue cross and blue shield medical, vision, dental, life and disability. chicago-based employees also have access to a free gym on site, equipped with lockers and showers.  transparency. no more wondering what's going on with the business and where its headed. through quarterly "all hands" and monthly "ourhour" meetings, we get together to discuss all things cloudcraze: recent client go-lives, new customer wins for the quarter, education on our partners or clients, financials and more, leaving plenty of time for q&a with our ceo and executive team.   get involved and have fun. we all take an active part in making this a fun place to work in and outside of the office. get involved and give back through philanthropic organizations we volunteer with, or internal groups focused on culture, team building, and employee recognition. sports your thing? we are active in several intramural sports teams and were kickball champs in our latest league.  boat, bus or bike to work? we've got you covered with a fsa you can contribute pre-tax dollars, up to $255 per month, and use for transportation to work or parking fees. bike year round, like some of our employees?  we have an indoor bike storage facility and a lengthy bike rack right outside the office for keeping your wheels safe.  no more trudging out in bad weather to find lunch. we have a fooda popup monday friday, right in our lobby. and an organic fruit delivery to the office every week so there's plenty of healthy choices, literally at your fingertips.  casual dress. cut your dry-cleaning costs and pack your suits up. we have a casual dress code that matches our fun and focused culture. if qualified, we will respond. no agencies or solicitations, please. at this time, cloudcraze is       not sponsoring visas for employment authorization. equal opportunity employer of minorities, females, protected veterans, and individuals with disabilities.        




        apply
    

        apply later    


            ← back to current openings        




share





linkedin




facebook




twitter




email






similar jobs





                                    {{ job.title }}
                                












powered by jobvite









