





php developer - hillside, il - digital initiatives llc jobs









 














home
jobs




php developer - hillside, il

toggle navigation








php developer 

jobslogin 











 13-nov-2017 to 13-dec-2017 (cst) corporate  hillside, il, usa $75,000-$85,000 salary full time 

 comprehensive benefits package


email me similar jobs email me this job



digital initiatives llc is looking for a highly motivated php developer to work on various web related projects. our ideal candidate should have a strong desire to grow as a developer and broaden their skill set while using the latest web technologies to get the product out to market quickly and securely.  digital initiatives is a pe backed up startup incubator that also supports other portfolio companies.  our current startups are movematcher, kidsetgo and a photo application geared towards making an auto insurance claim more seamless.
the prospective candidate would ideally have experience in coding secure classes in a php object-oriented environment using the mvc framework (laravel or similar), writing optimized mysql database queries, creating web pages using html(5), css(3), javascript/jquery and ajax, and setting up and securing servers.
we are interested in an individual who is a quick learner and is comfortable multi-tasking, who enjoys having the flexibility to work on all aspects of product development, and who has the ability and desire to see a project through on all phases of the sdlc. 
required experience:

3-5+ year php experience (preferably on the laravel framework)
understanding and familiarity with the lemp stack 
experience with relational databases and writing queries (preferably mysql)
proficiency with html(5), javascript/jquery, css(3) 
experience utilizing version control (preferably git)
strong oral and written communication skills and the ability to communicate effectively with non-technical staff

responsibilities:

team oriented collaborative development
design, develop, test and fix bugs in code
create ad-hoc reports using mysql queries
follow standard coding guidelines and best practices
clear, concise  and quick documentation
efficient time management for balancing multiple projects
keep up-to-date with emerging technologies and apply when needed

 
* please include a reference to your portfolio or code repository. 
 

digital initiatives llc
https://digitalinitiativesllc.applicantpro.com






apply now



you have javascript disabled on your browser. you will not be able to apply for this position without enabling javascript. if you need assistance with enabling javascript, please click here for assistance.





 

* fields are required




what is your full name?




first name



last name





how can we contact you?


email





phone number



number type

home
cell
work






what is your preferred method of communication?


email
text message






apply for this position
apply for this position
by clicking the button above, i agree to applicantpro's applicant information use policy. 






sign up for job alerts!








share this page







 


 


hiring software maintained by applicantpro - © 2017



refresh




 
 
 
 







go
common questions


















