


college of american pathologists job postings


















					
					front end developer 
				




								job title:
							

								
								front end developer 
							



									job type:
								

									full-time
								



								location:
							

								northfield, il 
							





























 



job description:
front end developer
build on past career achievements to drive improvements in quality patient care
 
the college of american pathologists (cap) is the global driver of quality assurance in laboratory medicine. advances in technology, health care, and science are creating new cap opportunities for diverse business functions. with competitive compensation and incentive packages, robust employee benefits, and recognition as a 2014 chicago tribune top workplace, the cap is a flexible, focused medical society driven by more than 18,000 member physicians and over 600 employees who look to meet emerging technological advancements while improving quality patient care. 
 
the front end developer is part of the member and customer technologies team with the primary responsibility to deliver quality, efficient, and timely applications solutions that meet the user experience needs of our members and customers.  this individual performs his/her work by adhering to cap development and ux standards and processes while staying current with ever-changing technologies and methods, and also provides thought and technical leadership and guidance to other development team members.  this role will also work with the digital team to maintain existing ux standards and best practices related to front end applications development.
 
qualified candidates will possess the following skills:
·         proficient understanding of web markup, including html5 and css3.
·         basic understanding of server-side css pre-processing platforms, such as less and sass.
·         proficient understanding of client-side scripting and javascript frameworks, including jquery.
·         good understanding of advanced javascript libraries and frameworks, such as angularjs, knockoutjs, backbonejs, reactjs, durandaljs, etc.
·         good understanding of asynchronous request handling, partial page updates, and ajax.
·         basic knowledge of image authoring tools, to be able to crop, resize, or perform small adjustments on an image. familiarity with tools such as gimp or photoshop is a plus.
·         proficient understanding of cross-browser compatibility issues and ways to work around them.
·         proficient understanding of code versioning tools, such as git.
·         good understanding of seo principles and ensuring that application will adhere to them.
·         proficient experience building and supporting complex interfaces between non-homogenous applications and other internal and/or external applications.
·         proficient experience with leading testing and implementation procedures (prototype, refine, test, and debug programs to meet needs).
·         proficient technical understanding of the integrations between modules and applications/systems.
·         proficient analytical and problem solving skills and programming aptitude.
 
a bachelor's degree or equivalent experience in front end application development is required. a master’s degree is a plus. three to five years’ experience in front end development and systems analysis is required. any applicable certifications are a plus.
 
• competitive salaries • paid time off • paid holidays • comprehensive insurance coverage (including medical, dental, vision, prescription drug coverage, flexible spending, life, and short- and long-term disability) • tuition reimbursement • retirement plan • wellness programs • employee assistance program • flexible hours • pleasant, smoke-free environment  
 
to immediately visit a listing of our open positions, simply visit this website: www.recruitingcenter.net/clients/cap/publicjobs/ 
 
cap is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer.  cap recruits qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, gender, age, ethnic or national origin, sexual orientation or preference, veteran status, physical or mental disability, marital status, or any other legally protected status in accordance with applicable federal, state, and local laws.












