




careers- quicksilver associates





























































































  






aboutabout
digitaldigital

websites
interactive
social


livelive
videovideo
visualizationvisualization

visual identity
infographics
presentations
collateral


contact uscontact us
 

 












  






aboutabout
digitaldigital

websites
interactive
social


livelive
videovideo
visualizationvisualization

visual identity
infographics
presentations
collateral


contact uscontact us
 














 















 




about
digital

websites
interactive
social


live
video
visualization

visual identity
infographics
presentations
collateral


contact us
 


 


 

 


 




want to join our team?
we’ve got a place for you!





since 1976 quicksilver associates has been delivering integrated marketing and communications solutions to the business world including fortune global 500 companies. we have become trusted partners to design and execute large corporate meetings, complex video projects, print materials, websites, interactive training modules, infographics, and many other digital solutions.







			web and interactive designer/developer		












quicksilver is looking for a creative front-end web designer/developer to build and maintain effective, responsive and modern websites, as well as support other online and interactive experiences for our important clients. working with the guidance of our creative director you will be responsible for executing digital, creative driven projects.
 
job duties include:

designing comps., storyboards, graphic concepts, and final deliverables
front-end user interface creation for various media
interactive and static infographic design
mobile application design
email, newsletter and social media concepts and design
designing comps, storyboards, graphic concepts, and final deliverables
creating landing pages and websites to support client marketing programs
asset production for social media usage
video animation and production

 
requirements:

ability to articulate and present creative ideas and concepts
use design and development skills to provide a user-centric design
design of original pieces and adapt from existing source templates.
ensure websites are built to support multiple browsers and mobile devices
self-direction, attention to detail, and the ability to manage multiple projects
team player who can work with aggressive deadlines

 
skills include:

ability to program in html 5, css3, js and jquery and stay current on all front end programming
wordpress design and development
a strong proficiency with the adobe creative suite (photoshop, illustrator, captivate, etc),
sketch, wireframing tools

qualifications:

1-2 years of professional design or equivalent internship experience, preferably in an agency setting.
bachelor’s degree in graphic design, digital design, visual communications or related field
passion for collaborating with clients and team member
commitment to deepening skills, learning new approaches and being inventive

please send design samples along with your resume.



apply


 



			new business development		












quicksilver is aggressively expanding our business and we are looking to hire the right people to lead the charge.
 
overview
 
quicksilver associates, a well-established, rapidly growing creative design and communications agency is looking to hire a business development representative. we are looking for a highly motivated and tenacious individual that is excited about getting involved in an entrepreneurial company to help us expand our fortune 500 client base.
 
summary and scope
 
the business development representative will be responsible for sourcing new opportunities through prospecting outreach. this includes but is not limited to daily sales activities like phone/email outreach, networking, setting appointments, researching prospects, and tracking leads throughout the sales cycle. this individual will be highly consultative, and have experience identifying client needs, then selling their value-driven solutions into senior marketing and communications leadership at large organizations. this is a unique and rare opportunity to participate in both an outside sales and consulting role with long term business development opportunities.
 
responsibilities

generate new business opportunities through prospecting, qualifying, relationship building, and other sales techniques within our core target audience
display a thorough understanding of assigned target industries and quicksilver’s competitive advantages
listen to, identify and understand prospects’ viewpoint and tailor communication to meet prospect needs and expectations
manage the sales process including: sourcing, qualification, proposal generation and close
stay current on changes and best practices in marketing and communication strategies

 
required skills

a bachelor’s degree in marketing, communications, or related business field is required.
at least 2 years of a successful sales career, with experience selling into the marketing and/or communications departments of large companies is preferred.
proven history of generating new business.
high level of self-discipline for daily sales activities like phone/email outreach, setting appointments, researching prospects, and tracking leads throughout the sales cycle.
experience selling creative services and using a consultative approach to solve problems.
proven skills in networking, meeting people and building relationships.
collaborative and a team player, yet also able to work independently and be self-motivated.
good communicator: strong writer, listens well, speaks articulately, and comfortable leading presentations.
agency experience strongly preferred.
exceptional research, analytic, presentation and communication (written and verbal) skills
extremely ambitious and hard working
results-and detail-oriented
the ability to work in a fast-paced performance driven environment
the ability to work in a team environment and follow proven processes

the perfect candidate will have the above qualifications plus:

truly loves sales and sees it as more than just a job.
already has contacts at major companies and can start selling our marketing and communications solutions immediately.
previous experience selling what quicksilver offers: web design, digital, meeting production, video, interactive training, etc.
learns quickly, naturally looks for ways to contribute, and shows a high degree of responsibility.
well-rounded: has sold a wide range of products, services and creative solutions, has experience with multiple industries, has been responsible for both winning new business along with nurturing ongoing accounts, and has worked in companies and on teams of varying sizes.
familiarity with salesforce.com is a plus.

 
additional information:
 
position reports to: executive vice president of sales and marketing.
position type: full time, employee
salary: base salary, plus unlimited commission and benefits package
to apply, please send current resume and cover letter detailing your sales experience.



apply


 



			graphic designer internship		












quicksilver associates, a chicago-based creative communications company with exciting global fortune 1000 clients is seeking candidates for a paid graphic designer internship position in the art department.
following is an outline of the requirements and primary responsibilities.
basic requirements:

proficient in powerpoint design and animation (required)
experience with adobe photoshop, illustrator, indesign and dreamweaver (or similar html editor)
familiarity with front end web design/production/workflow basics including prototyping and site building
experience with print, web, presentation and interactive design
keen eye for photography, illustration, typography and consistency
attention to detail, ability to follow directions, capacity to thrive in a fast-paced, collaborative environment and the drive to learn new things
expertise on mac and pc

please send design samples including an example of a powerpoint presentation or template, infographic design and website.



apply


 



			project manager internship		




















quicksilver is accepting applications for an intern position on our project management team. this individual would report to the manager of account & project leads. we’re looking for candidates interested in gaining experience in managing projects involving print, websites, interactive media, and presentations. past experience with any communications projects is a plus. the right candidate will be confident in:

defining client goals and objectives in order to create project briefs
supporting multiple creative agency projects simultaneously
helping to plan and execute projects with multiple solutions and deliverables
building strong working relationships with internal team members
participating in a collaborative work environment
learning to build, monitor, and assess budgets and estimates
proactively communicating with clients and team members
working hands-on in a small business and fast paced environment

what qualifies you?:

college or technical education or on-the-job experience in project management
working knowledge of ms office programs and project management framework and tools is a plus
advanced verbal, conceptual, written and interpersonal communication skills
highly organized and accountable
exceptional service oriented skills
working knowledge of adobe products, html, css, content management, powerpoint and keynote as well as qa, testing and computer platforms is a plus
ability to adhere to quicksilver’s processes

project managers are pivotal members of our team. they are hands-on individuals assigned to specific projects – working closely with department directors, account executives, creative staff, and the finance department to consistently deliver innovative media solutions on time and on budget. as a project manager intern, you will learn from the best and ultimately be responsible for assisting with proposals, budgets, production schedules, and taking projects from concept to completion. if you have the skills and desire to work for a company that values creativity, innovation, and that can provide you with the opportunity to work on an exciting array of projects, then quicksilver associates is the place for you.













apply


 



			freelance graphic designer		












we are always looking for talented freelance designers, animators, powerpoint specialists, video editors, and writers. please submit your resume and samples.



apply


 



 
 













quicksilver associates 18 w ontario st., chicago, il
800.242.6221
























 






latest tweets 






                                    great #design representation of the four years of initial coin offerings, visualized in one graphic… https://t.co/u6dev1ylpc 








https://t.co/qvutoxamgv 



 






get in touch!blog
careers
contact us
 


 





 
 












































































