


        full stack developer -        dose -         job board
    

























 






view our website



view all jobs















thanks for visiting our job board. please review our open positions and apply to the positions that match your qualifications. 



full stack developer


chicago, il                    

full time                

technology                    

mid level                


















dose is a fast-growing media and branded content company behind dose and omgfacts. our team of writers, storytellers, video producers, animators and curators craft compelling stories for a digital-first audience. our proprietary technology discovers what content resonates across social platforms to maximize engagement.
we’re looking for a software engineer in our chicago headquarters to build and further evolve our suite of ad tech products which includes our unique client-facing testing technology which predicts campaign performance. you’ll have the opportunity to impact and innovate as we continue to evolve our product offerings within the social and digital landscape.
you'll have the freedom to use whatever languages, frameworks, libraries, or tools you need. you will constantly be working towards a more efficient and effective development process that minimizes the mundane and redundant, freeing more of your time to work on the interesting and challenging problems that haven’t already been solved by others.
sound exciting? if so, we'd love to talk.
about the job

design, evaluate, and update ad tech platform in javascript (node), python, and vue.js.
develop and maintain well tested code
learn new technologies to creatively solve
work with the product team to build the roadmap and ensure prioritization
execute on product initiatives with the goal of effective technology infrastructure and deliverables
ensure tickets are effectively resolved when assigned
troubleshoot network and end-user issues for the dose offices
be inspired by an environment that will challenge you to do your best work

about you

you have developed web applications
you have experience with document oriented databases (mongodb)
you know html, javascript, css, and json well
ideally, you have worked with docker (and a container orchestration tool such as rancher)
it is a plus if you have worked with node, vue.js, or parse server
it is a big plus if you have worked in an ad tech environment or understand digital publishing and social distribution
a willingness to learn php and wordpress, php knowledge is a plus
it is an even bigger plus if you have worked with facebook ad manager and api
you are self-motivated and enjoy a smaller entrepreneurial environment

why work at dose?

well-funded, fast-growing creative company
excellent benefits package
$100/month towards wellness activities 
napping room equipped with a millennium falcon bed
endless supply of in-office snacks and drinks
four weeks paid vacation    
commitment to continuous learning
progressive work culture
shiny new macbook air or pro
surround yourself with some of the smartest people in the industry


read more



apply for position








            apply for this position        
required*



apply with linkedin







apply with indeed









first name*



last name*



email address*



address
















phone*



resume*

attach resume
                    or
                    paste resume



                        attach resume as .pdf, .doc, or .docx (limit 2mb) or
                        paste resume


 




                            paste your resume here or
                            attach resume file









cover letter*



in 150 characters or fewer, tell us what makes you unique. try to be creative and say something that will catch our eye!*

150



submit application














×close
forward this position





recipient email address (one)



your name



your email address



enter a message (optional)
the message cannot contain links




human check*




















powered by















