


        front end engineer -        codal -         job board
    

























 






view our website



view all jobs















we are a tight-knit community of chicago-based designers and web + mobile developers. at codal, we embrace a culture of collaboration that thrives on group participation and constructive criticism. everyone at codal—our developers, designers, managers, and especially our clients—is a part of this culture. we challenge everyone to develop and refine the best possible collaborative processduring your time here at codal, you will be a part of a team that works with innovative clientele, in addition to fortune 500 enterprises. by joining the team, you will have the rare chance to work on truly cutting edge projects that push the boundaries of design and code. bring your a game. 



front end engineer


chicago, il                    

full time                

mid level                


















codal is looking for candidates to build upon our award-winning success in creating custom websites, software, and mobile solutions, by bringing innovation and drive to our team.  at codal, you'll enjoy all the benefits of working with fortune 500 clients in an agency environment. our team is made up of talented ux designers, visual designers, front & back end developers, and marketing strategists. 
all front-end/user interface developer must be experienced in developing robust mobile and desktop experiences using html, css, and javascript. applicants must be comfortable working with development teams, designers, information architects, and marketers.
responsibilities include:

creating polished web designs for clients using html5, css3, and javascript
work directly with clients to make suggestions for improving and optimizing sites
collaborate with user experience manager, user interface designer & development teams
manipulating photoshop files and translating them into the web format
playing a key role in client communication and project plans by translating business requirements into usable web applications
contribute to the development of strategic solution designs based on understanding user, business, and functional requirements
growing your skills in both design and interactivity

required skills/experience:

has a true passion for design and technology
disciplined approach to testing and quality assurance
4+ years of experience in developing dynamic, highly interactive user interfaces for the web
able to work effectively in a fluid, fast-paced environment
must be fluent in front-end technologies including, but not limited to, javascript, ajax, html, css, sass, xml
familiarity with one or more javascript libraries (jquery, prototype.)
experience and expertise in bootstrap, node.js, backbone, angular js, and other frameworks is a plus
experience designing effective web-based interfaces for consumer-facing web sites and applications
interest in staying current and applying the most current best practices
positive attitude, high energy, and love for broadening web development skill set


read more



apply for position








            apply for this position        
required*





apply with indeed









first name*



last name*



email address*



phone*



resume*

attach resume
                    or
                    paste resume



                        attach resume as .pdf, .doc, or .docx (limit 2mb) or
                        paste resume


 




                            paste your resume here or
                            attach resume file









cover letter*



linkedin profile url:



website, blog or portfolio:



in 150 characters or fewer, tell us what makes you unique. try to be creative and say something that will catch our eye!*

150


references: please enter names and contact information:



human check*











submit application














×close
forward this position





recipient email address (one)



your name



your email address



enter a message (optional)
the message cannot contain links




human check*




















powered by















