


        full stack software engineer -        shipbob inc -         job board
    

























 






view all jobs















thanks for visiting shipbob's job board!!!!please review our open positions and apply to the positions that match your qualifications. 



full stack software engineer


chicago, il                    

full time                

engineering                    

mid level                


















shipbob is a chicago based start-up and a graduate of y-combinator, summer 2014. we are funded from some very well-known investors in sf and chicago. we believe that e-commerce logistics is broken, especially for small to mid-sized e-commerce companies. we are on a mission to solve this huge problem for a huge market.
as a software engineer, you will have the opportunity of creating a first to market software product for serving hundreds of thousands of e-commerce businesses across the country. you will partner closely across the technology, product and operations teams in an effort to develop cutting edge, scalable, web-based products. you work with our team of product developers throughout the entire product lifecycle, from initial explorations through final deliverables. as such, the candidates must be able to collaborate effectively and efficiently with multiple teams.
responsibilities: 
• design and develop web based saas applications using latest technologies, such as .net, mvc, angularjs, ajax, jquery. 
• design and develop microsoft sql database applications. 
• contribute in all phases of the application development lifecycle. 
desired responsibilities: 
• ~3 years' experience 
• sharp, energized and dedicated 
• bachelor of science in computer science or similar 
expertise in the following: 
• multi-threading, object oriented design / programming 
• .net 4, c# asp.net mvc 
• sql database development and design 
• javascript, angularjs, jquery, json 
• web services, rest 
• iis, html, css 
• agile development methodologies

read more



apply for position








            apply for this position        
required*



apply with linkedin







apply with indeed









first name*



last name*



email address*



address
















phone*



resume*

attach resume
                    or
                    paste resume



                        attach resume as .pdf, .doc, or .docx (limit 2mb) or
                        paste resume


 




                            paste your resume here or
                            attach resume file









cover letter



what's your citizenship / employment eligibility?*
no answeri am a u.s. citizen/permanent residentnon-citizen allowed to work for any employernon-citizen allowed to work for current employernon-citizen seeking work authorizationi am a canadian citizen/permanent residentother 


submit application














×close
forward this position





recipient email address (one)



your name



your email address



enter a message (optional)
the message cannot contain links




human check*




















powered by















