stickoutsocial, llc. junior full stack php developer | smartrecruiters

junior full stack php developer141 w jackson blvd, chicago, il 60604, usafull-timecompany descriptionwho we areestablished in 2012, stickoutsocial is a web design & development agency located in downtown chicago. we pride ourselves on our work. we strive to learn, teach, and collaborate as a team and with our clients. we understand what a new website means to a business, both emotionally and financially. that is why we have put together what we consider to be the best web design firm in chicago!why we do what we dowe believe every company has something to contribute to this world. our contribution is helping other companies with theirs.our valuesinnovation motivates us.dependability keeps us growing.honesty keeps us happy.job descriptionstickoutsocial is looking for an entry-level php developer who is self-motivated, passionate, and looking to grow their technical skills - specifically with php and mysql. if you love to problem solve, write clean code, and want to join a dynamic team within a growing company then this is for you!responsibilitieswrite secure, clean code for web applicationsdocument code, concepts, business logic, and logisticswork on a team to design and develop new features and interfaces using modern web programming paradigmsassist with debugging/ development of bug fixes - day-to-day maintenancedevelopment of new features under the guidance of more senior team membersqualificationsexperience with php experience with mysqlexperience with javascript is a plusexperience with laravel is a plusexperience with wordpress is a plushtml/css (basic level)great communication skillspositive attitudecollaborative team playerwell organized, and able to work under tight deadlinesalways eager to learn morebachelor of arts/science in computer science or comparable experience additional informationthis is not just a job – it’s a career! our work environment is social, upbeat and fun. stickoutsocial offers competitive salaries with the opportunity to work in an enjoyable work setting.we are located in the chicago board of trade in downtown chicago. we are steps away from multiple cta lines: lasalle/van buren (brown/purple/pink/orange), jackson (blue/red), lasalle (blue), and others. we are also walking distance to ogilvie & union station.https://stickoutsocial.com/job locationi'm interestedi'm interestedrefer a friendposted bykelly prieveshare this jobpowered by