



job application for ui engineer (all levels - junior/senior/staff) at viv























          apply now
        
ui engineer (all levels - junior/senior/staff)

        at viv
      
(view all jobs)

        viv labs headquarters
      




viv is the next-generation virtual personal assistant, brought to you by the team that created siri. in addition to being far more capable and intelligent, viv will provide a truly open platform and marketplace that lets any developer extend viv's capabilities for new domains and services. venturebeat named viv one of the top 15 interesting startups to watch in 2016, and after our acquisition by samsung, viv is now poised to bring our vision of a new kind of user interaction to the world at global scale.check out this demo from techcrunch disrupt ny, and watch the power of viv in action.
the viv end-user ui is built using the latest web technologies, and will be used by millions of people around the world on a variety of devices, from mobile phones to tvs, cars, and even household appliances! as such, ui/ux design, performance, reliability, security, long term maintainability and extensibility of our frontend platform are of critical importance to ensure the success of the viv platform. come help us turn our vision of the future of ai and the post-app world into a reality!


requirements

you are excited about our vision and want to collaborate with our team to build the next generation ai platform
you enjoy writing elegant, maintainable, and readable code
you believe that technical design and code reviews are critical parts of the software development process
you don’t need to be convinced that continuous delivery is the only way to ship software
mastery of the javascript language (es 2017) and all the modern tooling that it requires is essential!
experience with react and redux
experience with node.js
experience writing unit, integration, and functional tests, specifically for single page apps
having published your own npm modules or contributed back to an open source project is a plus



benefits
in addition to the competitive salary package as a viv employee, you will start enjoying attractive benefits starting on your very first day!
join us and enjoy our benefits starting with a complete health and insurance package specifically designed for viv's employees and their families; pto and flexible working arrangements policies are designed to maintain great work-life balance, including “work from home” thursdays; take advantage of our brand new spacious office with 360 views of the valley. lunchtime soccer once a week for those interested, an on-site gym, and stocked kitchen to keep you physically and mentally fit; monthly stipend for phone or internet service; downtown location with free parking or subsidized transportation (caltrain, amtrack, etc).
viv is a dedicated team that loves ai technology & user experience, and will empower you to learn, grow and achieve your career dreams!









apply for this job

* required
        











(optional)

almost there! review your information then click 'submit application' to apply.



first name *



last name *



email *



phone *



resume/cv *


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 














cover letter


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 

















linkedin profile
    





website
    





how did you hear about this job?
    











 



share this job:    













powered by 

 
      read our privacy policy
















