



job application for content developer intern, web at udacity





















          apply now
        
content developer intern, web

        at udacity
      
(view all jobs)

        mountain view, ca
      


udacity's mission is to democratize education. we're an online learning platform offering groundbreaking education in fields such as artificial intelligence, machine learning, robotics, virtual reality, and more. focused on self-empowerment through learning, udacity is making innovative technologies such as self-driving cars available to a global community of aspiring technologists, while also enabling learners at all levels to skill up with essentials like programming, web and app development. if you love a challenge, and truly want to make a difference in the world, read on!
summary:
as an intern on the content development team, you will work alongside seasoned course developers to learn what it means to build an online learning experience from start to finish. you will also be working with product leaders, program managers, producers, experience leads and our students to create and build a world-class curriculum that delivers in-demand skills at the cutting edge of technology.
in this position, will be given identify a subject of interest within the web space and develop a course in which you’ll be the expert our students aspire to become.
responsibilities:

work alongside subject matter experts in the fields of web and mobile programming to develop cutting-edge curriculum.
break down complex technical subjects into more easily understood, self-contained, visually rich learning experiences.
determine learning objectives, create a curriculum, write lessons, build a project, and produce a course from start to finish.
build hands-on projects that will test the student's understanding.

requirements:

working knowledge of html, css, javascript; _and_ any one of python, node.js, or go (i.e. a backend web language).
undergraduate or graduate student with one year or less left to graduate with a computer science, engineering or related degree.
passion for teaching, mentoring, presenting, and distilling complex subjects into simple instructions.
graduating december 2017 or may 2018

we are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. we do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.







apply for this job

* required
        


first name *



last name *



email *



phone *




              location (city)
                *




resume/cv *


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 














cover letter


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 

















linkedin profile
    





website
    





how did you hear about this job?
    











 



share this job:    













powered by 

 
      read our privacy policy
















