



job application for software engineer intern, careers at udacity





















          apply now
        
software engineer intern, careers

        at udacity
      
(view all jobs)

        mountain view
      


udacity's mission is to democratize education. we're an online learning platform offering groundbreaking education in fields such as artificial intelligence, machine learning, robotics, virtual reality, and more. focused on self-empowerment through learning, udacity is making innovative technologies such as self-driving cars available to a global community of aspiring technologists, while also enabling learners at all levels to skill up with essentials like programming, web and app development. if you love a challenge, and truly want to make a difference in the world, read on!
summary: 
udacity is looking for a software engineering intern to join our careers team, where we build the software and systems that connect our students with incredible jobs. as an intern, you will be treated like a full-time hire and a full-fledged member of the team. you’ll have the opportunity to work with senior full-stack and front-end engineers to write production-ready code and ship features, products, and web applications. you’ll write clean, maintainable, robust code that any developer—even you, if you join us after graduation—can pick up and continue work on. we aim to give you a foundational and formative experience in real-world software engineering and offer the opportunity for you to make a genuine impact on our students.er to level up. come join us! 
what we are looking for: 

have a learning mindset and work well in multidisciplinary teams
have solid cs and engineering fundamentals, and are able to break complex requirements into concrete, actionable tasks
have excellent verbal and written communication skills
are passionate about building robust software and take pride and ownership in the things they build and the code they write
love to experiment and use data to drive decision-making
are disciplined with automated software testing, e.g. unit and integration tests
have programming experience in one or more object-oriented programming languages, e.g. python, ruby, java, javascript, c/c++, go, elixir
know how to use source control, i.e. git
bonus: are familiar with relational databases, e.g. postgresql
bonus: already have experience in web development, on the front- or back-end
graduating by december 2017 or may 2018 

we are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. we do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.







apply for this job

* required
        


first name *



last name *



email *



phone *



resume/cv


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 














cover letter


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 

















linkedin profile
    





website
    





how did you hear about this job?
    











 



share this job:    













powered by 

 
      read our privacy policy
















