



career opportunities | jobs openings: nvish





















toggle navigation








what we offer

personalization
development
mobile solutions
creative designs
e-commerce solutions
digital marketing
quality testing
it management services


managed services  workplace services information security services cloud services network transformation data center servicesinternet of things   
technologies

oracle eloqua
google search appliance

mobile

jive services

content management system


our clients

our client portfolio
case studies


about us

our vision
leadership
awards & partners
careers


contact us









careers











home>
about us>
careers







careers apply here 
work with the best minds in the industry

being a part of nvish means incessant opportunities to grow and learn. we provide a right balance between work, motivation, empowerment and recognition, making nvish one of the most cherished places to work in. our benefits plan is designed to keep our most important assets – our people – healthy, happy, and moving ahead at optimal pace. in order to remain a leader in dynamic it industry, nvish keeps its workforce abreast with cutting edge technology and innovation.
career opportunities across nvish

talent is the backbone of nvish's amazing success. we are always in the pursuit of exceptional people, across all functions, who share our passion for technology, excellence, and innovation. if you are a super-achiever or a professional standout, and want to work in a fast-paced dynamic environment, you may be a perfect fit for nvish.
be a part of our global team, and enjoy a challenging, rewarding it career in a uniquely dynamic and diverse environment. we are looking for highly skilled and motivated professionals to join us, grow with us, and make a difference. view our current openings and take your career to new heights.




open positions in usa
technical project manager
it company seeks technical project manager to understand project requirements, scope & deliverables through client and stakeholder meetings, calls & discussions.  provide a detailed description of the projects, assumptions, dependencies and other related constraints to the development team. lead programming duties on projects & technical documentation using oracle, mysql, sql server, java script, vb script, html, apache server, linux, solaris, windows.  direct and coordinate activities of project personnel to ensure project progress on schedule & within prescribed budget.  manage onsite/offsite engagements and ensure smooth deliveries.  prepare project reports, and meet with management & clients to provide update on project status on regular basis. requires  five years  of work  experience  plus bachelor's  degree in computer science or engineering or computer information systems  or business administration. apply to hr, nvish solutions, inc. at: careers@nvish.com.
location: newark, ca 
position type: full time 
java programming specialist
requires 3+ years of experience in full life cycle java / j2ee development – level e (exp. analyst) to level c (sr. consultant).
location: santa clara, ca
web graphic lead
requires 5+ years of experience in web graphic design with proficiency in photoshop, illustrator, flash, and flex.
location: santa clara, ca
web developer
requires 4+ years of experience in web development, html, and css development. should have an extensive experience in team management, client interaction, and preparation of initial project documents including proposals and frs.
location: santa clara, ca
open positions in india
aem lead developer
 requires 6+ years of experience in j2ee development inclusive of 2+ years of relevant experience in adobe aem / wem foundational concepts and a solid understanding of aem building blocks, sling, felix, jsr-170. strong working knowledge in java or j2ee, servlets, webservices, xml, ajax, js and ui skills. leveraging web content management components of aem to customize and port customer websites is required - dam, soco, msm, tagging, work flow. excellent communication skills. onsite opportunity.
		 

system administrators
having worked on nimsoft, service now, installation and implementation of nimsoft hub servers, hp ovpi, manage engine service desk plus, 2-4 years of experience, good communication skills.

web developers
requires 3-4 years of hands-on experience as a ui developer, front end developer, css3, html5, photoshop, javascript, jquery, ajax, web services, apis, curl, and cron jobs. should be ready to work in night shift.

business analysts
requires 3-4 yrs of experience, having ability to gather requirements from clients through calls, email and other mediums. ability to generate leads. proficient in making reports and updates.

php manager
requires 5-7 years of experience in php 4 and php 5, cakephp, zend framework, mysql, smarty, wordpress, html, jquery, ajax, web services, apis, curl, and cron jobs. the candidate should have excellent communication skills with the ability to handle a team of developers. should be ready to work in night shift.

php developer
requires 2-3 years of experience in php 4 and php 5, cakephp, zend framework, mysql, smarty, wordpress, html, jquery, ajax, web services, apis, curl, and cron jobs. should be ready to work in night shift.

java and j2ee lead developer
requires 5+ years experience in designing, documenting, and developing data-driven j2ee web sites by integrating open source and 2+ years of experience with leading teams.

creative head
professional with 10 years' experience in creative and design strategies with excellent communication skills and a proven track record of driving creative teams and leading teams. should possess strong knowledge of design best practices. he/she must have handled client engagements independently. experienced in creative designing, usability and accessibility, vector -raster designing tools.

senior analyst
senior seo analyst with approximately 3-5 years of experience. extensive knowledge about google web master tool, google keyword tool, basic details about google analytics, web trends. excellent writing and verbal communication skills. must possess in-depth knowledge about latest search engine algorithms, updates, on page optimization, off page optimization and content optimization.

project manager web analytics
web analytics- 5 + years of experience in web analytics. highly experienced in using web analytics tools such as web trends, omniture, google analytics, etc. to analyze and solve business problems. ability to design and implement tracking strategy for various business sites. strong communication skills and and analytical, result oriented approach. experience on business objects, sas, cognos etc.

please send your resume to careers@nvish.com with job title as subject.


















what we offer


development
mobile solutions
creative designs
e-commerce
digital marketing
content writing
quality testing
it management services





managed services


workplace service
information security services
cloud services
network transformation
data center services
internet of things 





technologies

 oracle eloqua
wordpress
aem
oracle
sap
drupal
stellent
alfresco
joomla
jive






our clients


hitachi
sony
fujitsu
egia
sportsvault
icici bank
oracle
wns
tradebeam






about


our vision
leadership
awards & partners
careers
















                    © 2015 nvish solutions  
                    
                

terms of use | privacy policy  | site map


stay in touch:
















