


        front end developer -        cardash -         job board
    

























 






view our website



view all jobs















        at cardash, we believe that taking care of your car should be an easy and stress-free experience.cardash is a full service automotive concierge provider that eliminates the hassle of auto service, care, and maintenance. we pick up your car from your home or work in the morning, deliver it to a trusted service center in our network, oversee the service, and bring it back to you that same afternoon. you simply go about your day like normal while we take care of everything for you.every day we give people peace of mind. we not only take the stress out of auto care, but we also give people valuable time back that they can spend with their family instead of in traffic or at the mechanic.    



front end developer


menlo park, ca                    

full time                

engineering                    

mid level                


















about you
you are an experienced frontend engineer capable of managing your own time and pushing out a lot of code. you do not require hand-holding or much supervision and you are able to meet the tight deadlines of a startup environment. you feel most comfortable when working alongside other high performing developers so you can learn from them and they can learn from you. you get bored quickly if you don't feel like you are growing.
you work best when you are given a mission with clear objectives and the freedom to achieve them. you consider yourself an a player (even if you don't say it). it bothers you when people are not held accountable.
you take pride in your professionalism and your achievements but you don't take yourself too seriously. you are constantly reading and learning, always tinkering with the latest tools, but ultimately making independent decisions based on whatever gets the best results. you don't follow the herd.
 
about us
we believe in hard work and high achievement. we don't promise an easy job but we do promise you will be joining a high performing team that cares about results, generating real value, and each other. we are looking for people who are serious about their profession and want to always perform at the top of their game. we hold each other and ourselves accountable. we value excellence, personal growth and development, and putting out an amazing product. 
 
skill sets
expert in:

javascript
react
redux

strong in:

graphql
apollo
webpack

 
qualifications

3-5 years of software development experience (or equivalent abilities)
capable of building and delivering quality frontend code and taking ownership for its deployment and performance
comfortable working with tight deadlines on a high-performance team

preferences

prior/recent startup experience

 

read more



apply for position








            apply for this position        
required*





apply with indeed









first name*



last name*



email address*



address
















phone*




what's your citizenship / employment eligibility?*
no answeri am a u.s. citizen/permanent residentnon-citizen allowed to work for any employernon-citizen allowed to work for current employernon-citizen seeking work authorizationi am a canadian citizen/permanent residentother 

linkedin profile url:*



please describe the most complicated project/feature that you have had ownership over, and how did it go?*
 

what is your ideal work environment?*
 

how do you balance the need to push code with long-term stability of the codebase?*
 


submit application














×close
forward this position





recipient email address (one)



your name



your email address



enter a message (optional)
the message cannot contain links




human check*




















powered by















