damco solutions angular.js/node.js/java script developer | smartrecruiters

angular.js/node.js/java script developerpalo alto, cafull-timecompany descriptioncompany descriptiondamco solutions is a leading it services, consulting and outsourcing company delivering exceptional business solutions and customer value to its customers worldwide.damco offers end-to-end innovative and leading edge solutions to help corporations leverage technologies, outperform their competition and acquire sustainable growth. we have proven capabilities in new and emerging technologies and extensive experience across a broad range of industries and domains which enable us to deliver world-class, secure, scalable and reliable business systems.damco has achieved many distinctions and milestones of outstanding success during the course of its evolutionary journeyjob descriptionjob description: role: angular.js/node.js/java script developerwork location: palo alto ca 94301duration: possible 3 months (possible extension) contract to hire  job description:  looking for a top notch javascript developer who can innovate on ux and make business process definition and orchestration a joy for business analysts. passionate about application ui/ux designs. deep expertise and hands on experience with web applications and programming languages and frameworks such as angularjs/2.0, java script, html and css. experience with nodejs, mongodb or other nosql stores. deep functional knowledge and hands on design experience with json-based restful web services. strong understanding of ui, cross-browser compatibility, general web functions and standards. solid knowledge of open-source web application ecosystem and the libraries available for common tasks. strong grasp of security principles and how they apply. optimize application for maximum speed and scalability. good understanding of asynchronous request handling and partial page updates. building reusable code and libraries for future use. proficient understanding of code versioning tools and techniques, and automated build / release solutions. must have qualifications 5+ years of front-end development on saas products. contributions to a large open source project or have a personal github project worked in a start-up environment additional details: can demonstrate proficiency in for eg..how to create reusable angular 2 modules for generating forms on the fly from meta dataqualificationsthanks & regards,jatin anandsr. executive recruiterp: +1 212 389 9503 ext 1130email :jatinder.anand (at) damcosoft.comor technicalrecruiter2017gmail.comwww.linkedin.com/in/jatin-anand-a13b9563twitter: (at)itrecruiter6skype: itsjatinhere1ny office: 112 w 34th st, 18th floor, new york, ny 10120pa office: 5001 louise drive, mechanicsburg, pa 17055additional informationcan demonstrate proficiency in for eg..how to create reusable angular 2 modules for generating forms on the fly from meta datai'm interestedi'm interestedrefer a friendshare this jobpowered by