






ut austin job posting - software engineer | the university of texas at austin














skip to main content
 
 



              ut direct help
            



              logoff
            












 
 




select the type of search to perform:

any word
all words
exact phrase

enter a search term:



 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
	                        job search
                           
 
 
 
 

 
                              my application
                             

 
 
 
 

 
                              jobs i've applied for
                             

 
 
 
 

 
                              resources
                             

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
the university of texas at austin job posting
 





 
 









return to job search
                    
                



share







                                start application process 





switch to mobile view



software engineer

hiring department
computer science



                        monthly salary
                    

                         
                            $5,333 - $5,916+ depending on qualifications
                        

                        
                    



hours per week

                     40.00 standard from  800am to  500pm
                


posting number

                    17-10-12-01-9369
                


job status
open


flsa status
exempt


earliest start date
immediately


position duration
funding expected to continue


position open to
all applicants


location
austin (main campus)


number of vacancies
1



general notes


                    work performed on concurrent multiple projects under pressure of rigid deadlines or time limitations. may require occasional extended work hours or on-call obligations.  only professional work references are requested. candidates selected for interview will be asked to provide performance evaluations for the most recent 3 years, and a portfolio of web design work.
                


required application materials


a resume is required in order to apply
a letter of interest is required in order to apply.
a list of 3 references is required in order to apply.




additional information


purpose


                    build complex, interactive, database driven web applications. design, deploy, and maintain the web presence and content management system in service to the instructional, administrative, and research needs of the department of computer science.
                



essential functions


                    
                        develop and maintain large, often database driven, web applications to be used by faculty, staff, and students. develop and maintain web integrations to existing applications and data sources. configure, deploy, and maintain a web content management system; ensure that all departmentally-provided content is kept up-to-date. maintain data presentation compliance in accordance with campus policy. improve the web application design and development process, ensuring quality and improving efficiencies. act as consultant to technical staff on modern, agile software development and deployment techniques. design and maintain the department and affiliate web sites, ensuring a modern, consistent, and coherent design. provide general design, layout, and theme support for other content developers in the department. serve on a team with departmental technical staff to bring database-driven web application solutions to the development and operations of instructional, administrative, and research support in the department.
                    
                



marginal/incidental functions


                    
                        other related functions as assigned.
                    
                



required qualifications


                    
                        possess a broad knowledge of software development and operating system principles. a demonstrated understanding of security best-practices. strong php skills. strong drupal 7 skills and experience with module and theme development. strong mysql experience. experience with css preprocessors like sass. experience with javascript/jquery. experience with git. knowledge of accessibility best practices in web development. experience with php frameworks like codeigniter. basic linux experience. ability to handle multiple tasks and projects simultaneously. strong written and verbal communication skills with both non-technical and technical users. excellent interpersonal skills and ability to work as part of a team and independently. one year of software development or system administration experience. production experience with at least one computer programming language.
                        equivalent combination of relevant education and experience may be substituted as appropriate.
                    
                



preferred qualifications


                    a bachelor's degree in computer science or related field. a minimum of two years of experience with web design and content management systems. at least three years of experience with web application development. at least three years of database programming. a willingness to learn new technologies. strong python skills. strong django skills. experience with the perl programming language. experience with production software development and deployment with git. a strong understanding of modern software development best-practices. graphic design experience. experience with pype. experience with postgresql. experience administering an apache web server. experience administering mysql server. experience with usability testing.
                



working conditions


                    
                        
                            may work around standard office conditions
                        
                            repetitive use of a keyboard at a workstation
                        
                            use of manual dexterity
                        
                            climbing of stairs
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                        occasional climbing of ladders.  occasional lifting and moving.  occasional working with standard cleaning chemicals.
                    
                





                            
                                a criminal history background check will be required
                                for finalist(s) under consideration for this position.
                            
                        

                        
                            the retirement plan for this position is teacher retirement
                            system of texas (trs), subject to the
                            position being at least 20 hours per week and at least
                            135 days in length.
                        
                    

                        the university of texas at austin, as an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer, complies with all applicable federal and state laws regarding nondiscrimination and affirmative action. the university is committed to a policy of equal opportunity for all persons and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, age, marital status, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, disability, religion, or veteran status in employment, educational programs and activities, and admissions.       
                    

                            if hired, you will be required to complete the federal employment
                            eligibility verification form, i-9. you will be required to present
                            acceptable, original
                            documents
                            to prove your identity and
                            authorization to work in the united states. information
                            from the documents will be submitted to the federal e-verify
                            system for verification. documents must be
                            presented no later than the third day of employment. failure to do
                            so will result in dismissal.
                        

ut austin is a tobacco-free campus







return to job search
                    



                            start application process 










return to top of page
 
 
 








comments to: human resource service centerut job centralfor questions or concerns regarding equal opportunity only, contact office for inclusion and equityif hired, you will be required to complete the federal employment eligibility verification form, i-9. you will be required to present acceptable, original documents to prove your identity and authorization to work in the united states. information from the documents will be submitted to the federal e-verify system for verification. documents need to be presented no later than the third day of employment. failure to do so will result in dismissal.the open carry of handguns on campus is prohibited by law. for questions concerning concealed carry of handguns on campus, please refer to the university handbook of operating procedures, hop 8-1060.for more job information, call the human resource service center at (512) 471-4772, or toll-free at (800) 687-4178.

 

sitemap
  


academics
administrative applications
admissions
around campus
colleges, schools and academic units




computing and technology
directories and offices
employment and careers
finances
graduation




instruction
news, events and calendars
personal info
research
working at ut



              the university of texas at austin
              1 university station
              austin, texas  78712
             
  

 






ut direct comments
web privacy policy
web accessibility

©the university of texas at austin 2011
 
 
 
 

