




















 



your user session will timeout in 5 minutes.  please click ok to continue with your application.


















					front end developer
				


						job description
					

about the position
the front end developer will be responsible for utilizing html, css and jquery to develop dynamic and effective interfaces for lgfcu’s websites and digital channels. this position is an integral part of lgfcu’s internal design team and will work closely with our back end developer on drupal as well as monitoring and maintaining several internal application sites and external wordpress sites.
 
 
normal day-to-day work

build and manage content for lgfcu’s drupal storefront site including product and service pages, advertising banners and special promotional landing pages.
check cross-browser compatibility issues and work through solutions.
maintain and update content management systems such as drupal and wordpress.
apply styling to web applications that adhere to tightly maintained brand standards.
responsible for the graphic content and consistent look of the overall lgfcu website. translates provided content into design concepts, layouts and finished web pages.
collaborates with project teams to plan, analyze, organize and execute assigned projects. provides advice and consultancy to other staff/departments/clients as needed to educate on direction and methodology.
researches tools to assist in design and development strategies. proposes new applications and technologies to keep digital marketing efforts cutting edge. advises management on areas pertaining to the web industry.
ensures site design is scalable allowing for new information to be implemented within the site seamlessly.
perform routine maintenance tasks and troubleshoot application issues.
performs other design, programming, administrative and special project duties as assigned by the art director.

 
 
job qualifications
here are a few skills you must have to be considered for this position.

4-6 years’ relevant experience in web design and/or project management
advanced skills in html5, css3, sass and css frameworks.
intermediate skills in javascript and libraries such as jquery.
familiarity with version control systems like git and task runners such as gulp and grunt.
knowledge of web standards, information architecture, usability and taxonomy.
ability to function in a consumer business office environment and utilize standard office equipment including but not limited to: pc, copier, telephone, etc.
ability to lift a minimum of 25 lbs. (file boxes, computer printer).
travel required on occasion.

 
 
 
here are a few qualifications we’d like you to have to make you more suited for this position.

ba/bs degree in computer science or visual arts with an emphasis on web design or graphic design preferred
professional experience in a financial institution and/or ad agency.
working knowledge of php and mysql.
experience with javascript libraries and frameworks, such as angularjs.
experience creating wireframes and design comps.
familiarity with responsive design.

 
 
about the lgfcu culture
if you are working here, or considering working here, you should know a little something about the lgfcu culture. we are a workplace that highly values the contributions of a diverse group of people. we believe if we put our heads and hands together, we can accomplish amazing feats for our members. to this end, we recruit bright, energetic and talented people to be members of our team. in return, we offer a dynamic work place that presents opportunities for advancement and learning new skills. we really believe that when our employees succeed, members win.
 
if you have questions about this position description, please feel welcome to ask.  you can reach our hr at:
lgfcu human resources
323 west jones street, suite 600
raleigh, nc 27603 
careers@lgfcu.org
 


						job location
					

						raleigh, north carolina, united states
					

						position type
					

						full-time/regular
					





							apply
						











								share
							






















					return to job listings
				












