














career opportunities: software engineer (33602) 


























javascript is turned off in your web browser. turn it on to take full advantage of this site, then refresh the page.

loading...









                              sign in









career opportunities: software engineer (33602)



















req id 33602 - posted 11/30/2017 - austin - staff



 &nbspjob description print preview









	                  apply
	                 
	         	 
              







	                  save job
	                





	                  email job to friend
	                





                  return to list
                







 



about tstc:
 
tstc is the only state-supported technical college system in texas. tstc's statewide role and mission is to efficiently and effectively help texas meet the high-tech challenges of today's global economy, in partnership with business and industry, government agencies, and other educational institutions. if this is a mission you could support and help tstc achieve, please complete our application process.
 
position overview: 
 
our austin-based team is building a collection of software tools and web applications that connect people, educators, and businesses using advanced skill analytics.
we are looking for a highly motivated, ruby- and javascript-centric software engineer with web application development experience. you will be developing best-in-class web applications, data libraries, and api services that all serve the ultimate goal of helping job seekers, employers, and educators raise the bar together. you must have a strong drive for results, interpersonal skills, ability and desire to tackle complex software challenges, and enjoy working with an agile team in a dynamic business environment.
this position is not a remote position and will report to our downtown austin office. 
 
essential functions: 
 

design and develop sophisticated, scalable, server-driven applications
collect requirements, describe software features and create technical designs
communicate consistently and frequently with appropriate parties regarding project status and issues

 
minimum qualifications:
 

professional experience in software development - 1 to 3 years
ruby and ruby on rails development experience
understanding of apis, saas, and http-based communication
experience with web software security, databases, and performance optimization
solid computer science fundamentals in object-oriented design, data structures and algorithms
excellent problem solving and troubleshooting skills
desire to seek out and learn new tools, technologies, languages, and frameworks to best solve the challenges at-hand
knowledge of professional software engineering practices & best practices for the full software development life cycle, including: coding standards; code reviews; continuous integration; branch-based workflow; source control management; build processes; testing; and operations

 
preferred qualifications:
 

experience developing client-side applications using javascript frameworks and libraries like jquery, react, ember, or angular
experience with aws and devops as it relates to service deployments and scalability experience architecting and implementing service-oriented architectures involving multiple services communicating via http
user experience and graphic design skills (color theory, typography, layout, etc.) a plus familiarity and/or experience with seo and accessibility a plus
familiarity with python, machine learning, natural language processing, and data analytics a bonus

 
skillsengine is an austin-based startup division within the center for employability outcomes at texas state technical college focused on connecting people, educators, and businesses using advanced skill analytics. c4eo is the college’s research, development and commercialization division focused on optimizing student employability. c4eo creates advanced skills modeling and data analytics tools that connect educators, individuals, and industry. current initiatives focus on aligning learning outcomes with marketable skills to close regional skill gaps. the center is a response to the growing demand for skilled talent generated by rising incumbent worker retirements (baby boomers), global competition, and technology advances across industry sectors. c4eo bridges the competency needs of industry with colleges through advanced data analytics and user-facing software applications.
 
annual salary: doe
security sensitive position






 









	                  apply
	                 
	           	
              







	                  save job
	                





	                  email job to friend
	                





                  return to list
                






















email this job to a friend





 








 


 



the job has been sent to
          


 



please provide the information below



job title:
        




*your email address:
        




*your friend's email address:
        



message:
        
         






verification code:
        





*please enter the verification code here:
        














send
            




cancel
            



















