







front end web developer - epic games - careers






















this is going to be epic!
















already applied for a position with us?
log in
register




front end web developer

cary, north carolina, united states
apply now

 overviewfor over 25 years, epic games has been making award winning games and game engine technology that empowers others to make visually stunning games and 3d content that brings environments to life like never before. epic’s award-winning unreal engine technology not only provides game developers the ability to build high-fidelity, interactive experiences for pc, console, mobile, and vr, it is also a tool being embraced by content creators across a variety of industries such as media and entertainment, automotive, and architectural design.  as we continue to build our engine technology and develop remarkable games, we strive to build teams of world-class talent.we think of “epic” as the collective effort of smart, talented, passionate people who are dedicated to building the highest quality experiences possible for our developer and player communities.  if you’d like to be part of something epic while creating amazing games or incredible technology used across a multitude of industries, we’d love to hear from you! epic games is seeking a front end web developer to create new products and services across the epic ecosystem. this role will help us craft the future of creation and define the next generation of entertainment. the person in this role will be responsible for the following:working side by side with designers and strategists to rapidly prototype and build digital productsleading the development and resources for project teamsensuring code integrity and a smooth go to market experiencecreating, developing and deploying new products within the epic ecosystems the ideal candidate will have a mix of the qualifications below:experience in front-end web developmentproven knowledge of javascript frameworks & languages (react, angular, es2015+, node, webpack, universal javascript, etc)expert knowledge of html5, css3, and javascripta keen appreciation for designexcellent verbal and written communication skills and strong time management and problem-solving capabilitiesproven debugging and troubleshooting skillsexperience translating comps and wireframes into semantically correct web templatesbasic full-stack experience with a passion for front-end developmentknowledge of responsive and adaptive design principles with the ability to translate into fluid and responsive templatesstrong working knowledge of developing cross platform/browser compatibility (chrome, ie, firefox, safari, etc.) for dynamic web applicationscomfortable working in small teams and owning the development of experience when applying, please send us your code samples, github, or other relevant links. please submit your resume and we'll be in touch soon.  this is going to be epic!    #li1

apply now
connect with facebook
connect with linkedin
back to job list





benefits ::
epic games offers an outstanding benefits package to eligible employees:

epic paid medical and dental insurance for employees and dependents
epic paid life, accidental death & dismemberment and long term disability insurance
401(k) plan with generous match and profit sharing
vacation and sick leave are unlimited (with approval)
7 paid holidays (and we're closed the week between christmas and new year's day)
flexible work hours

note: the benefits listed here are for our domestic locations, international locations have various benefits in accordance with local labor laws and cultural norms.












©2004-2017, epic games, inc. all rights reserved. epic, epic games, the epic games logo, unreal, unreal engine, unreal tournament, and the unreal tournament 3 logo are trademarks or registered trademarks of epic games, inc. in the united states of america and elsewhere. other brands or product names are the trademarks of their respective owners.
learn about epic's game engine, unreal engine.

privacy noticeterms of use





