




web developer - raleigh-durham, nc - smashfly








































toggle navigation




smashfly technologies



join our talent network


referral sponsor portal
sign up now!
login 






careers home
openings

teams 

overview
corporate
customer success
sales
engineering
marketing
product management
the band


culture
perks
history
vision
connect

more about us 

culture
perks
history
vision
connect































apply now


refer a friend





job title : 
web developer


location : 
raleigh-durham, nc us


job type : 
full time


apply now


refer a friend




description : 
the job you’ll be doing at smashfly
as a web developer at smashfly,

you’ll be developing career marketing sites for some of the world’s biggest brands. this will include some of this stuff, too:
	
you’ll use smashfly tools, widgets and functionality to execute the site
you’ll collaborate with customers to bring their vision to life


you will also partner with the customer success team to address any ongoing needs of our customers in support of our platform

what you’ll be contributing to
at smashfly, you will be building & architecting marketing automation software for recruiting. what we’ve created is truly best-in-class software that helps companies attract and proactively communicate with today’s top talent. the smashfly solution is used by some of the world’s biggest brands – and we need talent like you to help us constantly improve our technology for them. the work we do here matters to companies and job seekers alike.
the skills you should have

expert level knowledge and experience with current web markup and scripting languages such as: html, html5, css/css3, javascript/jquery
experience with responsive web design to support desktop and mobile web experiences is required
working knowledge of current web development best practices and cross browser compatibility
understanding of current wcag accessibility standards
experience with seo optimization and related tools including google analytics
minimum 2+ years of relevant experience above
familiarity with sql and working with databases would be awesome
imaging, publishing, and prototyping applications (e.g. adobe photoshop, illustrator, dreamweaver, indesign, snagit, etc.) – also awesome!
bonus points for any of the following:
	
experience with asp.net or microsoft development environment is a plus
ability to create web site specifications and translate mockups into functional pages
knowledge of creating sites in multiple languages
experience developing html email campaigns


strong analytical and troubleshooting skills
strong communication skills

our track record so far

we are a growth-mode software startup backed by well-respected venture capital
we’ve delivered significant year-on-year growth since our founding
we’ve been named a best place to work by the boston business journal
we’re the top ranked company in boston by glassdoor
we offer great benefits including an open vacation policy, stock options, weekly happy hours – you get the idea.

oh, and our application process is easy, pretty transparent and painless.
we need talent like you to join us. ready to apply? get started.




apply now


refer a friend






smashfly's total recruitment marketing platform helps corporate recruiting organizations and recruitment process outsourcing (rpo) companies centralize their recruiting operations while providing real-time analytics across all of their initiatives to improve overall recruitment results.
the total recruitment marketing platform connects what are often disparate technologies into a single all-in-one software solution that includes global job distribution, social recruiting, crm, web sourcing, marketing automation, mobile, career sites, landing pages, search engine optimization (seo), employee referrals and talent network building. all with the actionable analytics necessary to tell what's working and not working across the entire recruitment strategy.
smashfly is an equal opportunity employer. all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, religion, national origin, marital status, age, disability, veteran status, genetic information, or any other protected status.








we'd love to keep in touch. please provide your contact info, so that we may share news, events and opportunities with you.







first name *



last name *





e-mail *



mobile phone





linkedin profile



interest *

- interest -
account management
administrative
database architecture
documentation
engineering
finance
human resources
implementation consulting
information technology
legal
marketing
product management
project management
quality assurance
recruitment marketing consulting
release management
sales
sales - administration
sales - inside
technical support
training





join












9 pond lane, concord, ma 01742
partners
press & news
privacy policy
linkedin
facebook
twitter
google+
youtube
blog











