






raleigh wordpress developer job
































































theedesign



  navigation
  get started
  919-341-8901 


agency

our team
career opportunities


web design

wordpress development
woocommerce development
magento development
custom web programming


internet marketing

search engine optimization
pay-per-click advertising
online reputation management
marketing automation
website audit


portfolio
blog
contact
 

our team
career opportunities
google premier partner agency
 







theedesign > agency > career opportunities > wordpress developer 







wordpress developer needed with responsive web design experience in raleigh


we are looking to hire a full-time experienced wordpress developer responsible for both back-end and front-end development, including creating responsive wordpress themes and plugins from our custom artwork files (psd). this position requires a combination of programming skills and aesthetics. the candidate should have a strong understanding of industry trends and wordpress. an understanding of the entire web development process, including design, development, and deployment is preferred.
theedesign is an award-winning web design agency specializing in responsive wordpress website development and custom web programming for clients in the raleigh, cary, durham, and chapel hill area of north carolina, as well as nationwide.
responsibilities

creating responsive wordpress themes from our custom artwork files
ensuring high-performance and availability, and managing all technical aspects of the cms
helping formulate an effective, responsive design and turning it into a working theme and plugin.
maintaining and updating existing client websites


skills and qualifications

good understanding of front-end technologies, including html5, css3, javascript, jquery
experience building user interfaces for websites and/or web applications
experience developing responsive design websites from a psd file
comfortable working with debugging tools like firebug, chrome inspector, etc.
knowledge of how to interact with restful apis and formats (json, xml)
proficient understanding of code versioning tools such as git
strong understanding of php back-end development
customer service skills
understanding of web hosting and basic server administration

we offer

competitive salary
paid national holidays, sick days, and vacation
health insurance reimbursement
401(k) plan with company match
life time fitness health incentive (just a few blocks away)
agency sponsored onsite massage therapist
agency sponsored team lunches and invitations to exclusive educational and networking events
biweekly team building and training with agency sponsored lunch
biweekly friday afternoon teamstorming
annual team building events and outings
an excellent training program
experience working with the latest technologies from leading industry experts
opportunity to work with premier local and national clients
fast-paced, collaborative, and high-energy working environment
company car for business purposes
fast-paced working environment
experience working with the latest technologies from leading industry experts

the team at theedesign is a tight-knit group who enjoys working together. as part of our team, you will have the opportunity to work on exciting projects with interesting and fun people.
please make sure to include your salary requirements and a link to recent wordpress development projects.

 







would you like to apply for the wordpress developer position?

please fill out our application form below. who knows, you could be the newest member of theeteam!

full name*email address*

phone number*linkedin profile urllinks to wordpress sites you developed*  salary requirements*desired employment status

full time inhouse employee


full time remote contractor


part time remote contractor
cover letterresumehow did you hear about us?comments

  










this iframe contains the logic required to handle ajax powered gravity forms.
 
fields marked with an asterisk (*) are required.
your information is collected for the sole purpose of providing services described on this website.
your private information is held in strict confidence. we will never release, share or sell your information to any other entities. we hate spam too!
 no calls or walk-ins will be accepted!
 no outsourcing companies, please!
 no recruiter calls, please!







web design servicesresponsive web design
wordpress development
woocommerce development
magento development
custom web programming
internet marketing servicessearch engine optimization
paid search marketing
inbound marketing
reputation management
website & technical seo audit
 
web design & online marketing articles 
new year, new website: win a free website from theedesign

how to make delectable holiday dental marketing

[adam edit] is your website ready for seo?

how voice search impacts digital marketing

ppc trends to watch for in 2018


























copyright © 2004-2017 theedesign - all rights reserved. | sitemap
			theedesign | 7901 strickland rd, ste 112, raleigh, nc 27615 | 919-341-8901
			another great thee.agency adventure!











