










 




employment application
























php developer

description
coalmarch is looking for a php developer to work with our web development team in creating user friendly, well structured, and scalable software- on-time and with minimal defects.we are looking for a developer that is an expert in php/mysql and has experience working with a cms, preferably drupal. our ideal candidate enjoys staying up to date on the latest technologies and trends and enjoys leading a team.we want someone who can provide guidance and insight on development techniques and methodologies. our ideal candidate writes clean, well-engineered code that conforms to accepted standards within the drupal community. coalmarch is based in raleigh, north carolina, and provides its services to the united states and canada. our ideal candidate will live in raleigh, nc or is willing to move in the near future. we are seeking exceptional people to join our team and be part of something amazing. if you think you have what it takes let’s talk. no calls please!what does coalmarch provide?coalmarch provides inbound marketing services for our clients. we create a central platform - a cms based, responsive website - and then drive traffic and conversions to the site through a combination of branding and usability, on page optimization, technical seo, content creation, ppc, and local search strategies.why does coalmarch exist?to help people understand how internet marketing works and how it can significantly improve their business. through continuing education, improvement, and thought leadership, we strive to increase and share our knowledge base with our customers, vendors, and community. we believe the more people understand about how the internet, and internet marketing, works - the more successful they will be.we’re passionate about marketing, technology, design, research, usability, and practical strategies that get results for our clients. we believe in excellence, and in huppsa!helpful, considerateupstanding, humblepassionate, hardworkingpositive, funauthentic, honestcompany sizecoalmarch currently stands at 28 full-time employees, with plans for immediate and continued growth in 2017.

apply now






powered by











