php developer at liniumitliniumitphp developerraleigh, ncfull-timejob openingsphp developer%button_apply_to_position% apply using linkedinour client, a premier broadband services provider, is seeking a php developer to join their growing it team in raleigh, nc

responsibilities

analyze system specifications and translate system requirements to task specifications and detailed design, providing estimates to software management in a timely fashion.
adhere to instructions and pre-established software development guidelines to perform the functions of the job.
day-to-day application development, support, and enhancements.
utilize software development best practices, communicating design with a willingness to take feedback from team members to optimize time and to produce higher quality.
engage with manager and product management to understand their short- and long-term goals and feature requirements.
write and maintain documentation to describe program development, logic, coding, changes, and corrections.
correct complicated defects and make enhancements to resolve customer problems.

qualifications
knowledge, skills, and abilities

strong familiarity with php, mysql.
comfortable familiarity with front-end/ui tools and design
	
ux, javascript, html, css, etc.


experience performing some back end development
comfortable working in a linux environment.
good knowledge of commonly-used software development concepts, practices, and procedures.
good knowledge of testing methodologies and techniques.
good interpersonal skills including frequent collaboration and communication, through the agile development process, with the rest of the software engineering team.
strong problem solving and analytical skills.
strong design and coding skills with strong attention to details.
strong verbal and written communication skills, ability to communicate effectively with all levels of the organization.
strong client focused skills.
ability to work with teams in different geographical locations.
networking protocols, aaa experience are pluses.

minimum education and experience

bachelor's degree in computer science or a related field.
four (4) years of software development experience.
an equivalent combination of education and experience may be considered. 

%button_apply_to_position%%footer_powered_by%breezy