


careers – cengage learning -associate technical content developer - math/stats

















































please enable cookies to continue
please enable cookies in your browser to experience all the personalized features of this site, including the ability to apply for a job.







welcome page







returning candidate?

log back in!












associate technical content developer - math/stats


job locations

us-nc-raleigh

posted date

4 months ago



requisition id

2017-3602


job function

product development






.













do you dare to reinvent the future of education?






at cengage, we are harnessing the power of tech to build a future where all learners have the tools and confidence to achieve their goals.as a cengage employee you will pioneer transforming the way people learn. collaborating with the best of the best, you will feel challenged and inspired to do breakthrough work. with the support of our united team, there is no limit to what you can imagine, create and set in motion.








are we right for you?






we are a-players who bring our unique talent and pov to the table every day. we are curious and comfortable with change and are willing to take risks to transform education. most importantly, everything we do, we do for the learner. technical content developers are responsible for converting traditional text-based teaching materials (such as homework problems, quizzes, tests, tutorials, and labs) into interactive, feature-rich, web-based content while adhering to pedagogy, quality, style, and productivity standards. an associate technical content developer should have a degree in math, science, or a related field and have a strong passion for education and problem solving. the ability to work independently within a highly collaborative team environment is essential to this position. this is a temporary, flexible position (35-40 hours per week).








what you'll do here:






understand pedagogical intent of teaching materials and translate appropriately into interactive web-based content.learn and apply several programming languages and tools (such as perl, html, latex, etc.) to create and review content for the webassign platform.learn to accurately estimate, plan, and communicate with team members and managers on work and project progress to ensure deliverables are met.collaborate as a member of a cross-functional agile project team.proactively identify and suggest areas for change or improvement within the project team.continually improve technical skills and display aptitude for new tasks.








skills you will need here:






fundamental understanding of undergraduate level math and/or statisticsexcellent written/verbal communication and interpersonal skillsstrong organizational and time management skillsstrong attention to detailability to work with minimal supervision within a team preferred qualificationshigh school or post-secondary teaching experiencepostgraduate degree in math, statistics, or a related fieldexperience with perl, javascript, or similar programming languagesexperience with html, latex, or cssknowledge of discipline-specific programs and tools education and experience requirementsbachelor’s degree in math, statistics, or a related field





options

apply for this job onlineapplyshareemail this job to a friendrefer


sorry the share function is not working properly at this moment. please refresh the page and try again later.

share on your newsfeed




cengage is an affirmative action/equal opportunity employer, committed to attracting and retaining a talented and diverse workforce. all qualified applicants receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age or protected veteran status.



about cengage

cengage is the education and technology company built for learners. the company serves the higher education, k-12, professional, library and workforce training markets worldwide. cengage creates learning experiences that build confidence and momentum toward the future students want. the company is headquartered in boston, ma with an office hub in san francisco. employees reside in nearly 40 countries with sales in more than 125 countries around the world. visit us at www.cengage.com or find us on facebook or twitter.


application faqssoftware powered by icimswww.icims.com









