


        node web developer (html/css/nodejs/angularjs) -        singlemind -         job board
    

























 






view our website



view all jobs















thanks for visiting our job board. please review our open positions and apply to the positions that match your qualifications. 



node web developer (html/css/nodejs/angularjs)


lake oswego, or                    

contracted to full time                

development                    

experienced                


















who is singlemind?
singlemind is a way of thinking. we're also a digital product design and development firm headquartered in the portland area. we seek out dedicated and professional engineers and team members with broad interests and skills. is that you?
we're currently searching for a full-stack developer to join our growing team. we are a diverse, agile oriented, open source focused, user centered software development consultancy that consistently exceeds our customers expectations.
we have an immediate need for someone with the skill sets below.
primary requirements

you are looking for a chance to create engaging and interactive web applications
you love building both back-end and front-end code for new or existing web applications
you stay ahead of web developments and trends and are passionate about collaborating with like-minded teams of engineers to share your interests
you love working with web-based services and apis to bridge communication and extend features from other applications or services
you want to participate in project planning, design review, and architectural meetings
you always look for ways to increase your knowledge and find things to be passionate about

qualifications

three or more years experience with html (experience with html5 is preferred)
at least three years professional work with css2 and css3
no less than three years of nodejs or related frameworks
experience with front-end javascript frameworks and libraries (including angularjs, jquery and similar)

valued experience

developing and maintaining web applications written in nodejs/html/css/javascript
experience with a variety of javascript libraries and frameworks
ability to take a psd/ai design and convert it to w3c-compliant markup that looks identical (pixel-perfect)
experience with code repositories (e.g., svn / git)
ability to become proficient with new technologies quickly
experience with technologies for performing language parsing and in-browser editor interfaces (such as markdown-it)

our culture
we are seeking passionate, smart people who love technology and want to be a part of something bigger. our projects range from 3rd-party systems integration development, which involves modifying large pre-existing codebases, to crafting small to large-scale applications (i.e. elearning applications used by hundreds of thousands of concurrent daily users). we are not seeking someone who only considers themselves a "front-end developer" or a "web application programmer". are you someone who is able to see the potential of a project and is excited at the chance to turn that idea into a reality?
the ideal fit will be self-motivated and capable of both independence and collaboration (via scrum or similar agile methodologies). you are able to accurately estimate the amount of work required to achieve a goal. you are constantly looking for opportunities to improve your skillset and enjoy finding ways to make processes (both software and human) more efficient.
about us
our office is located on the willamette river in beautiful downtown lake oswego, oregon. we work flexible hours and operate as a team. our clients range from small well funded start-ups to large multi-billion dollar international companies. our space is bright with private and team work areas. we're surrounded by public transportation and convenient car & bike parking. a portion of the team works remotely, so telecommuting is an option. we truly believe in a balanced work/life ethic. singlemind is an equal opportunity employer.
please note: resumes without cover-letters will be ignored.

read more



apply for position








            apply for this position        
required*



apply with linkedin







apply with indeed









first name*



last name*



email address*



address
















phone*



resume*

attach resume
                    or
                    paste resume



                        attach resume as .pdf, .doc, or .docx (limit 2mb) or
                        paste resume


 




                            paste your resume here or
                            attach resume file









cover letter*



in 150 characters or fewer, tell us what makes you unique. try to be creative and say something that will catch our eye!*

150


are you located in (or near) the portland, oregon area?*
-- no answer --yesno 

what is your expected range for compensation?
 

what is the best project you've ever worked on?
 

have you ever worked on a project that failed? what went wrong? what would you do differently?
 

why do you feel we should work together?
 


submit application














×close
forward this position





recipient email address (one)



your name



your email address



enter a message (optional)
the message cannot contain links




human check*




















powered by















