





















web developer @ csgpro





csgpro

							career opportunities
					






			web developer
		


or            
					






			apply for this position
	





			application form     (* indicates required field)






add linkedin profile (optional)
					
login to enable automatically, or enter below:
					
linkedin public profile url:


how?

 

first name*



last name*



email*



phone*



			please attach the following files
			
		

cover letter:
please upload either a word or pdf version of your cover letter for this position.



resume:
please upload either a word or pdf version of your current resume.



any additional files:
such as letters of recommendation, work examples, etc.















subscribe!
				please notify me of new opportunities as they are posted.
			









					you will receive confirmation after we have received your application.
				




csg pro is seeking a full-stack web developer with a focus on the front end to join our team to create amazing browser-based applications built using the best of open source and microsoft technologies. the right individual for this role will be a developer who takes initiative, enjoys finding solutions to difficult challenges, is detail-oriented, and takes pride in their work.  the ideal candidate will have experience with angular and material design using microsoft azure websites.responsibilities:- meet with clients and end users to gather project requirements- collaborate with other developers from the csgpro team in developing effective solutions- provide accurate project estimates- architect and develop web applications and services- write automated tests- perform code reviews- keep abreast of the latest technologies- share information on new tools and techniques with the csgpro teamexperience and qualifications:- experience with angular and material design- experience with .net, asp.net (mvc and web forms), c#, linq, and sql- experience with ado.net and object-relational mapping frameworks such as entity framework- experience with html5, css3, javascript and typescript- experience with popular web frameworks and libraries such as jquery and twitter bootstrap- experience with common software design patterns- experience with unit testing and designing testable code- familiarity with agile development methodologies- ability to work independently and with teams of people with varying backgrounds- strong communication and writing skills- experience with source control tools such as git and tfspreferred:- experience architecting, developing and securing cloud applications on windows azure (or amazon web services)- experience with .net core and asp.net web api- professional consulting experience and proficiency in managing workload under tight timelines with minimal supervision- experience with visual studio and sql server- experience with mv* (model-view-whatever) javascript frameworks such as knockout.js, angularjs, or ember.js


location:
portland, or 



			apply for this position
	

apply at: https://csgpro.hiringthing.com/job/23543/web-developer
 


get updates


					are you interested in hearing about new opportunities at csgpro in real time?
				

					enter your email address below to be notified automatically when new positions are posted.
				






updates provided by hiringthing


know someone who'd be great for this role? let them know:








			tweet
	








view all jobs





subscribe via rss


admin login


powered by hiringthing © 2009-2017.
site content copyright by owner.






