


        wordpress developer -        pr hacker -         job board
    

























 






view our website



view all jobs















we’re not a traditional pr firmwe’re a san francisco and new york-based team of world-class writers, communicators, storytellers, data wranglers, and viral marketers.  although we may be small, we have big goals.  we’re hungry.  we’re scrappy.  we want to show the world that pr can be more efficient, effective, and scalable than ever before.to do this, we ask ourselves a simple question:  if the pr industry never existed, how would we invent it today?to really understand what we’re all about, you need look no further than our three core principles:  data-driven.  growth-focused.  viral-optimized.learn why we're striving every day to become the greatest company to work for in the world! 



wordpress developer


portland, or                    

full time                

web development                    

mid level                


















are you a ninja wordpress developer and a creative problem solver?  can you create wordpress plugins, themes, and templates — plus integrate with other 3rd party services via the wordpress rest api?  do you have the vision to transform a basic sketch or wireframe into a digital consumer experience?  can you scale wordpress to handle heavy viral traffic?

if you're ready to produce stunning websites and micro-sites for some of the biggest consumer brands and most innovative startups in the world — plus our own external and internal web and mobile platforms — you may be our next wordpress developer (who we call a "development hacker").

we are a small team of world-class creatives who love to take on big challenges for the chance to reap even bigger successes.  as a vital member of our web development team, you'll have a huge impact in crafting the digital presence of both pr hacker and our clients.  if you're aching to flex your creative and coding muscles, a/b test the effectiveness of your creations, and optimize the results, we want you to join us. 

duties:

imagine, design, and build front-end and back-end wordpress projects for us and our clients
collaborate with design and copy teams to translate campaigns and activations into optimized web elements -- including websites, micro-sites, landing pages, and forms
use wordpress to power mobile apps using frameworks like phonegap and apppresser
regularly update, maintain, and troubleshoot problems on existing wordpress sites 
integrate with third-party apis (including facebook, twitter, youtube, and zapier)
develop internal pr hacker web-based dashboards and client portals
implement ux designs that meet business objectives and user needs
act as the primary point of contact for clients regarding technical questions and timelines 

requirements (unless you convince us otherwise):

degree in computer science, web development, or related field 
3+ years wordpress development experience
strong background in common programming languages such as php, xhtml, css, jquery, and javascript
experience with mobile and responsive web design
ability to hand-code wordpress sites that are well structured, clean, and semantic
experience with automated testing tools and techniques
excellent communication skills
excellent organizational and project management skills

location and hours:

this is a full-time position for those who wish to work from home or from a coworking office.
you will occasionally visit our san francisco office for special training or ideation sessions.

bonus points:

experience with segment.io and customer.io
experience with creating a third-party api
knowledge of node.js
knowledge of drupal and other cms systems
understanding of best practices for search engine optimization
understanding of web interface and ux design
experience with adobe creative suite
experience with responsive email development
experience with ios and android mobile development

about pr hacker:
we’re not a traditional pr firm. we've become the world's fastest-growing pr, social, and digital agency because of our unique story-based and data-driven approach.  if you want the feel of a fast-growing startup with the variety of client work that comes from a top agency, then you've come to the right place.
at pr hacker, we're also a close-knit family. our team of world-class writers, communicators, storytellers, data wranglers, and viral marketers feels like the early days of facebook or google... we're a rocket ship taking flight and we'd love to have you join us for the ride.

read more



apply for position








            apply for this position        
required*



apply with linkedin







apply with indeed









first name*



last name*



email address*



address*
















phone*



resume*

attach resume
                    or
                    paste resume



                        attach resume as .pdf, .doc, or .docx (limit 2mb) or
                        paste resume


 




                            paste your resume here or
                            attach resume file









cover letter*



are you willing to relocate?
no answeryesno 

college or university*



linkedin profile url:



twitter



website, blog or portfolio:



desired salary*



earliest start date?*



in 150 characters or fewer, tell us what makes you unique. try to be creative and say something that will catch our eye!*

150



submit application














×close
forward this position





recipient email address (one)



your name



your email address



enter a message (optional)
the message cannot contain links




human check*




















powered by















