


azad, inc. - portland, or | technology consulting - project management - engineering

















content on this page requires a newer version of adobe flash player.













opportunities
















 << back



web application developer
portland, or

	join a team responsible for the development of a sophisticated web application for cloud technologies for a next generation product. this is an opportunity to work with some of the brightest software developers in the portland area in an agile development environment.

	keys to successful contribution are:


		experience with web application development and integration for open source platforms.

		proven experience with web development languages such as javascript, html5, css3, ajax, etc.

		experience taking a user interface concept through design and development.

		experience with design of graphical interfaces including, style sheets, photoshop, etc.

		experience with linux (i.e. suse, redhat, ubuntu).

		outside the box thinker; and enthusiastic about learning, experimenting, and applying new technologies.

		willingness to be flexible and experience developing within an agile & iterative development environment.

		independent contributor within a collaborative team environment with flexibility and strong communication skills.

		python development knowledge is a plus but not required.


	azad technology partners is looking for bright, talented, flexible, and customer centric problem solvers who enjoy the challenges associated with solving the most complex problems by utilizing the most sophisticated technologies and strong people skills.

	founded and managed by technologists and engineers, azad is a leading provider of technology consulting and engineering solutions to fortune 500 and innovative high-tech firms since 1992. azad works closely with its clients to solve their most complex technological challenges. join azad's professional team and enhance your career by being engaged with some of the most innovative projects in the pacific northwest.

	our collaborative approach to support our clients, projects and our passion about technology is key to our success. if you enjoy working in such an environment, we encourage you to apply.

	excellent employee benefits including co-paid medical, dental and vision insurance, cafeteria plan, paid sick leave, 401k plan, credit union membership, and referral bonus. 

	u.s. citizens only for federal clearance requirement

	 

azad technology partners is an equal opportunity employer that considers and employs qualified individuals based upon job related qualifications regardless of race, color, sex, religion, creed, physical or mental disability, veteran’s status, sexual orientation, national origin, age or any other status protected under applicable local, state or federal law. azad technology partners takes affirmative action to employ and advance in employment qualified employees and applicants who are disabled, disabled veterans, recently separated veterans, armed forces services medal veterans, and other protected veterans.
apply for this position >>







copyright © 2011 azad, inc. all rights reserved.                   ph. 800.406.1785                  sitemap | privacy policy | legal disclaimer   












