































software engineer intern job in gresham, or for microchip technology inc. | administrative and support services












			join us for our engineering career fair! learn more


microchip is seeking experienced engineers in all disciplines including applications, software, design, validation, verification, product, test, and marketing. meet with hiring managers representing all aspects of microchip's business.

date: thursday, september 7, 2017
time: 5:30-7:30 pm
location:
				microchip technology inc.
				building c4 (microchip cafetorium)
				2355 w. chandler blvd. chandler, az 85224
			









software engineer intern

gresham, or




search other jobs
apply now











search again


job attributes

job id
5606
req id
g170-17
category
administrative and support services
job type
part-time
job education
high school diploma or equivalent
job level
entry level
job hires needed
1
job location
gresham, or

apply now

share this on




















home
about us
working here
career areas
share this on:





new search
previous search





software engineer intern
                          gresham, or                      



job description
job purpose:
this position will report to the gresham information systems principal software engineer. a successful candidate will work independently while taking direction from the gresham principal software engineer. the candidate will develop and support custom .net applications used by the manufacturing and engineering organizations at the gresham, oregon facility.
essential competencies:
must be able to maintain a "big picture" perspective. 
must be able to understand user requirements and complex manufacturing topics.
be familiar with web design methodologies.
collaborate with is developers; provide project updates, and write functional and technical documents.
have strong analytical and problem solving skills.
have strong verbal and written communication skills.
have the ability to work independently and in a team to develop innovative solutions.
work with both a technical and non-technical user community.
use the microchip tracking systems to log requests, issues, and projects.
follow the microchip information systems policies and procedures on development, project management, and change control.

job requirements
candidate must be enrolled in a bachelors degree plan for computer science or information systems and actively attending college courses relating to their degree plan.  be willing to work at least 20 hours per week, but can work up to 40 hours as long as maintaining degree program requirements.
skills required:
microsoft office 2010 or 2016 products.
other skills preferred: 
c#, asp.net, java/javascript/jquery, html/html5, and visual studio 2013 - 2017.
critical physical requirements:
able to lift, push, pull 25 lbs; carry 25 lbs; sit 50%; stand 60%; walk 30%; must be able to perform activities that include stooping, reaching, handling, thinking, hearing, talking, seeing, work alone, work around others. 
apply online at careers.microchip.com.
 
equal opportunity employer
						microchip is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer of disabled / veterans / minorities / women. we provide equal employment and affirmative action opportunities to applicants and employees without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, disability, or any other basis protected under applicable federal, state or local laws.
						for more information on applicable equal employment regulations, please refer to the eeo is the law poster and the eeo is the law poster supplement. please also refer to the pay transparency policy statement.
applicants with disabilities
						if you need accommodation for any part of the employment process because of a medical condition or disability, please send us an email here with "applicant accommodation request" in the subject line of the email.  alternatively, you may call us at 480-730-7330 to let us know the nature of your request.
						                      

apply now













		microchip is an equal opportunity / affirmative action employer | applicants with disabilities


			microchip is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer of disabled/veterans/minorities/women. we provide equal employment and affirmative action opportunities to applicants and employees without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, disability, or any other basis protected under applicable federal, state or local laws.
			for more information on applicable equal employment regulations, please refer to the eeo is the law poster and the eeo is the law poster supplement. please also refer to the pay transparency policy statement.
		

			if you need accommodation for any part of the employment process because of a medical condition or disability, please send us an email here with “applicant accommodation request” in the subject line of the email.  alternatively, you may call us at 480-730-7330 to let us know the nature of your request.
		





site map
home
about us
working here
career areas
job search
visit microchip.com


follow us









career opportunities
 accounting (7 jobs)
administrative and support services (13 jobs)
advertising/marketing/public relations (9 jobs)
computers, hardware (32 jobs)
computers, software (25 jobs)
customer service (6 jobs)
customer service and call center (1 job)
electronics (32 jobs)
engineering (251 jobs)
finance (7 jobs)
 human resources/recruiting (4 jobs)
information technology (13 jobs)
installation, maintenance, and repair (5 jobs)
legal (2 jobs)
manufacturing and production (17 jobs)
other (1 job)
sales (39 jobs)
supply chain/logistics (7 jobs)
support services (8 jobs)
technical (65 jobs)
 

			© copyright 2017 microchip technology inc. all rights reserved.
microchip is an equal opportunity employer.












