


careers center - full stack developer
















































please enable cookies to continue
please enable cookies in your browser to experience all the personalized features of this site, including the ability to apply for a job.







welcome page







returning candidate?

log back in!












full stack developer


job locations

us-wa-vancouver





# of openings

1


category

product development









overview






we are looking for a talented and motivated full stack developer to join our team! you will have the opportunity to work with a varied and fun tech stack at discoverorg including java, spring, angular, grails, mybatis, redis and elastic search.  you should also be comfortable with rest concepts, running sql queries and take pride in writing scalable, performant code.  experience building microservices is a plus.








responsibilities






here's what a typical day will look like as a full stack developer:work in a collaborative team environment, designing and building new applications intended for a global, cross-platform markettake part in an agile development process with iterative releasesdrive enhancements, optimize performance, and troubleshoot defects for core business applicationscontribute to ux design and developmentassist with and facilitate testing and qahelp other team members adhere to the agreed upon software quality standardsact as an example to other team members by advocating learning and take time to learn as well








qualifications






you're likely a great fit for this role if you have:3+ years of experience in enterprise level java programming2+ years working with spring1+ years with html5/css3/javascriptemphasis on web-based applications (saas, microservices)continuous integration (ci) & continuous delivery (cd)proven ability to deliver web-applicationsability to communicate well with product managers and stakeholdersdesire to mentor and facilitate the skills development of more junior team members bonus points - if you have experience with some of the following:debugging & performance profiling the full application stackrdbms’s (e.g. mysql, oracle, postgresql)search engine technologies (e.g. elasticsearch, solr, lucene)orms, preferably mybatisautomated testing (gui and backend), user acceptance testingtest driven development, mocking frameworksversion control systems, preferably gitjava build tools, preferably gradlerestful web services (spring mvc, jax-rs)angularjsresponsive and adaptable web design principlesjavascript build tools (grunt, gulp, etc.)








benefits






we offer an attractive benefits plan with health benefits that include three medical coverage options, vision and dental coverage – life insurance, ad&d, short & term disability, hsa, fsa, 401(k) with employer match, paid parental leave, paid time off, and paid sick leave.  why you should join discoverorg:a 7-time honoree of the inc. 5000 fastest growing private companiesa three time recipient of the deloitte fast 500 awardhas been profitable for the past 10 yearswas named the 2017 growth company of the year at the oregon technology awardsis the industry bellwether with award winning productssupported by an award winning learning and development teamis led by an ey entrepreneur of the year finalisthas an impressive 4.7 star rating on glassdooris honored to be a 2017 fortune magazine best workplaces, andfinally, is recognized as a 2017 inc. magazine top 50 best workplaces





options

apply for this job onlineapplyshareemail this job to a friendrefer


sorry the share function is not working properly at this moment. please refresh the page and try again later.

share on your newsfeed






application faqssoftware powered by icimswww.icims.com









