


		sr. full stack developer -		discogs - 		job board
	










































 


go to our website »












« go back to job listings


sr. full stack developer



location: portland, or		

department: engineering		

type: full time		

min. experience: experienced		





about us
discogs is the largest database of music information. each month, millions of people use discogs to connect and learn about music as well as buy and sell it. we are a small and creative company where each team member’s contribution can have a large impact. as discogs continues to grow, we are looking for bright, dedicated, innovative, and highly motivated people to help us realize the vision of discogs: to be the premier website for music enthusiasts everywhere.

what we're looking for
a qualified candidate will have extensive experience working in a services-oriented architecture; the ideal candidate will have demonstrable experience orchestrating multiple services (a "forest") beyond contributions to individual services ("trees"). while this position will work primarily with python, sql, docker, and kubernetes, skills in javascript and css are a nice bonus. the candidate should be familiar with development best practices like tdd, ci, and domain-driven design. we want someone knowledgeable about industry trends, but also with the experience to know when to rely on time-honored principles and tools.
as a member of a small cross-functional team focused on the discogs marketplace, you will help design, improve, and implement apis and infrastructure that power one of the largest music marketplaces in the world. empathetic communication and low-ego collaboration are core to how we work, whether that's inside the team, in concert with other development squads, or in conversation with nontechnical areas of the business.
your wheelhouse

provides mentoring to other developers
guides technical decisions related to api design and services architecture
familiar and experienced with common pitfalls and needs of a service-oriented architecture - short circuiting, transaction tracing, and caching
develops and maintains software following agile and devops methodologies
collaborates with team members on troubleshooting and creating elegant solutions to complex problems
assists with estimation and prioritization of development efforts
actively engages with product-focused teams to build a variety of features

how you got here

five or more years of experience building scalable and high traffic web applications
three or more years of experience in a services-oriented architecture
thorough understanding of full stack web development and object-oriented programming
preference for open source software tools
proven track record of shipping code and getting things done
experience with automated testing and test-driven development
demonstrates effective communication with a global team in multiple time zones

compensation, benefits, and perks...oh my!

competitive compensation: salary quarterly bonuses, profit sharing, and 401(k) match
your choice of hardware: macbook air or pro are the most common among our team members
tri-met pass: our office is conveniently located within steps of a blue line max stop
healthy amounts of paid time off (pto), holidays, and paid maternity/paternity leave
fully paid medical and dental insurance for you and your dependents
gym membership or wellness stipend
team member exchange program: eu office is located in amsterdam, netherlands
annual continuing education allowance
flexible work environment
comfortable, well-stocked office (we like snacks)
catered lunch on fridays
fun and dynamic culture

when applying please include a cover letter and tell us why you want to work at discogs. please also include links to your code and/or open-source contributions on github or bitbucket.
discogs, inc. is an equal opportunity employer. applicants needing accommodation to apply should contact us at 503-597-6340.
 
 





 

 

 





forward this position




				recipient email address (one)
			

 



				your name
			

 



				your email address
			

 



				enter a message (optional)
			

 




  




« go back to job listings













			apply for this position		

			* required fields
		















first name*





last name*





email address*





location 





phone number*





resume*


attach resume or
					paste resume





						attach resume as .pdf, .doc, or .docx (limit 2mb) or
						paste resume



 




						paste your resume here or
						attach resume file



 



cover letter*





in 150 characters or fewer, tell us what makes you unique. try to be creative and say something that will catch our eye!*





what excites you most about the potential of working at discogs?*





briefly describe the attributes of the best team you have worked on.*





what would you improve on discogs?*





links to your code samples at github, bitbucket, etc if applicable:*





who are your top five favorite music artists?*





human check*
























 






