





ui lead developer - portland, or - matrix absence management jobs









 














home
jobs




ui lead developer - portland, or

toggle navigation








ui lead developer 

jobslogin 











 16-nov-2017 to 16-dec-2017 (mst) it portland, or, usa ex-05 salary full time 

 full benefit package- medical, 401k, pto


email me similar jobs email me this job



 
position summary
we are looking for a passionate and self motivated ui lead developer to join a small development team, directly interfacing with senior managers to develop and support mission critical applications. the ui lead developer will be primarily responsible for implementing html 5 based web solutions, building new features with front end technologies and remain knowledgeable of new and emerging technologies.
 
 required: 
must have experience with angularjs to be considered for this role. 
essential functions:

technical leadership and mentoring of web/ui team
interact with the development team, identify ui tech stack standardization, design/development best practices and unit test cases.
represent ui development team on design and product meetings on technical feasibility; provide timeline and deliverables to stakeholders
respond to customer issues in a timely manner to ensure highest customer satisfaction
collaborate with fellow developers, designers, and product teams to find the right approach to product delivery.
adhere to the non-functional requirements, ui standards, sla's and the software development policy for the platform
driving innovation using latest web/ui technologies
inculcate a culture of out of the box thinking, exploration and problem solving within the team
focus on prototypes and proof of concepts using leading edge technologies and frameworks
work within and across agile teams.
partner with product managers to understand the business needs in terms of product delivery.
ui lead should be responsible for design documentation and technical evaluation which follows the matrix's approved architecture and coding standards.
lead and mentor junior developers

 
other duties:
please note this job description is not designed to cover or contain a comprehensive listing of activities, duties or responsibilities that are required of the employee of this job. duties, responsibilities and activities may change at any time with or without notice.
 
education & experience

minimum of 2 years of web development experience in the following technologies: html 5, css3 and javascript frameworks such as angularjs (including 4.0), foundation, bootstrap, backbone.js and jquery etc.
must understand and apply key elements of mobile design and implementation, including responsive design, mobile site/templates
experience with web services api development (rest, json, xml) and asynchronous request handling.
understanding of general user experience and ui design principles
experience with mobile application development a plus
ability to clearly and concisely articulate ideas, thoughts, and opinions during requirements and design sessions with the development team
experience with source code control tools like bitbucket
strong technical troubleshooting skills
excellent technical documentation skills

 
aap/eeo statement
matrix absence management is an equal opportunity employer applicants are considered for positions without discrimination on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status or any other consideration made unlawful by applicable, federal state or local laws.
 

matrix absence management
https://matrixcos.applicantpro.com






apply now



you have javascript disabled on your browser. you will not be able to apply for this position without enabling javascript. if you need assistance with enabling javascript, please click here for assistance.





 

* fields are required




what is your full name?




first name



last name





how can we contact you?


email





phone number



number type

home
cell
work






what is your preferred method of communication?


email
text message






apply for this position
apply for this position
by clicking the button above, i agree to applicantpro's applicant information use policy. 






sign up for job alerts!








resources


matrix (company benefits)matrix (affiliates)matrix (locations) 


share this page







 


 


hiring software maintained by applicantpro - © 2017



refresh




 
 
 
 







go
common questions



























