
internal solutions engineer - optimization | facebook careers







jump tosections of this pageaccessibility helppress alt + / to open this menufacebookemail or phonepasswordforgot account?sign upwork at facebookteamslocationsuniversity studentsbenefitsfacebook lifeour communitydata & analyticsmenlo parkinternal solutions engineer - optimization(austin, tx) facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at facebook are builders at heart. our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. together, we can help people build stronger communities — we're just getting started. the business integrity team protects users and ensures safe connections between users and businesses. we focus on ads, pages, and commerce verticals and ensure our platform is a high-quality ecosystem for users, developers, page admins, advertisers, and businesses to create and promote digital content. we are an analytics-driven operations team that thinks upstream to constantly implement solutions at scale through better automation strategies. our focus on data analysis, machine learning, and a robust infrastructure of back-end systems allows us to work effectively with our engineering and product teams to build proprietary tools and techniques to enforce the quality of all promoted content at scale. 

we leverage analysis on massive amounts of data, so successful candidates will focus on data-based decisions to optimize processes and improve the integrity of content on facebook by programming solutions, writing classification rules, and training machine learning models. the perfect candidate will have a background in a quantitative or technical field and will have experience working with large data sets and programming solutions. you should be a self-starter in identifying problems and solving them.responsibilitiesanalyze common signals from bad content that gets through our systems to improve enforcement. this requires daily monitoring of metrics and diving into spikes. longer-term work includes larger scale data analysis, applying statistical methods to data, and writing code for enforcementminimum qualificationsba or bs in engineering or quantitative disciplines such as mathematics, statistics, computer science, information systems6+ years of analytics experiencedata analysis skillsanalytical skills, with experience solving problems using data and providing practical business insightsprogramming experience with a modern language (php, python, c++, or java)experience with sqlpreferred qualificationsobject oriented programmingexperience with php and/or haskellexperience working with or in support of diverse communitiesapply facebook is proud to be an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. we do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, genetic information, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. we also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law.  if you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, you may contact us at accommodations-ext@fb.com or you may call us at +1 650-308-7837. applyplease limit to 3 applications.other positions in software engineering, solutions engineeringenterprise product manager(singapore)internal solutions engineer - optimization(austin)internal solutions engineering manager - optimization, business integrity(singapore)manager, technical investigations, business integrity(seattle)qa lead(menlo park)qa lead(menlo park)research scientist, news feed, phd internship/co-op 2018(menlo park)spam analyst(menlo park)technical investigator, business integrity(seattle)back to all jobs
 facebook © 2017english (us)about uscompany infoour facebook pagenewsroomcareershow tohelp centerprivacy basicscreate a pagecreate an adour policiesdata policyterms and policiescookiesmore resourcesfamily safety centerfacebook for businessfacebook for developers








