









senior software engineer - external careers





 




















skip to content










about
benefits
departments
locations
view all jobs
sign in











 


senior software engineer


                    austin
                









apply now


facebook
linkedin
twitter
google plus
send to a friend








ref#: p1039
additional posting location(s): austin - downtown, boston, houston, san francisco, seattle, washington dc

our mission.
as the world’s number 1 job site, our mission is to help people get jobs. we need talented, passionate people working together to make this happen. we are looking to grow our teams with people who share our energy and enthusiasm for creating the best experience for job seekers.


the team.
we are a rapidly growing and highly capable engineering team building the most popular job site on the planet. every month, over 200 million people count on us to help them find jobs, publish their resumes, process their job applications, and connect them to qualified candidates for their job openings. with engineering hubs in seattle, san francisco, austin, tokyo and hyderabad, we are improving people's lives all around the world, one job at a time.


your job.
if you are an engineer who's passionate about building innovative products that scale to tens of millions of page views a day, indeed is looking for you. indeed offers smart developers like you a complex development ecosystem with short release cycles. every week sees the new release of multiple products that meet the growing needs of millions of jobseekers worldwide.as a senior software engineer at indeed, you will be responsible for designing, developing, and maintaining pipelines that create search indexes out of data from large databases. you will design and implement efficient algorithms for ranking search results, increasing recall, filtering spam, personalization, etc. and extract, cluster or classify high-quality features from unstructured data and code innovative tools to support rapid experimentation and learning.indeed’s job search engine serves billions of search queries every month connecting tens of millions of jobseekers to relevant job opportunities. as part of a small collaborative team from engineering, operations and product management, you will work on areas such as feature extraction, document indexing, retrieval, and relevancy scoring. we constantly dig into the data available at indeed to analyze, inform and develop solutions to the right problems. if looking at data, slicing and dicing it in multiple ways and coming up with interesting insights is something you thrive upon, you will fit right in.


about you.
requirementsbs in computer science or related area, or relevant work experience5+ years experience in software development with at least one of the following languages: java, c++, python, c#significant experience with large scale, high-performance systemsexperience building solutions for high traffic web sites a pluswe get excited about candidates whohas a passion for run-time performancethrives on simplifying complex informationloves to learn and develop new skills continuouslyhas a strong sense of ownership in every application they buildindeed provides a variety of benefits that help us focus on our mission of helping people get jobs. view our bounty of perks: http://indeedhi.re/indeedbenefits  



apply now



< back to search results






indeed is proud to be an equal opportunity employer, seeking to create a welcoming and diverse environment.
all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status.







                                facebook
                            


                                twitter
                            


                                youtube
                            


                                instagram
                            




©2017 indeed. all rights reserved.  *comscore, total visits march 2017









