



job application for frontend engineer at collective health






















          apply now
        
frontend engineer

        at collective health
      
(view all jobs)

        san francisco, ca
      


collective health is looking for a talented developer to join our frontend engineering team. if you love writing web applications that display and perform beautifully across browsers and devices, if you are proud of the maintainable code that you produce, if you are as passionate about learning from your team as you are about making your team better, and if you want to modernize health insurance, then this is the place for you.
working closely with other engineers and designers, you will bring to life stellar uis never before seen in the health care industry.
find out more about one of our amazing teammates, erica, who was featured in a spotlight of our 'meet the collective' series.
if many or most of the following items apply to you, we'd love to talk.

3+ years of professional javascript development experience
deep understanding of modern frontend framework(s) such as backbone, ember, angular, react
strong proficiency in consuming external apis - you know all the nuances of ajax
healthy experience with unit testing
good handle on modern frontend development flows (task runners, preprocessors, etc.)
comfort with browser quirks and oddities
expertise in application debugging

you get bonus points for:

open source contributions
full stack experience
angular expertise
knowledge of design theory
good grasp of the do’s and don'ts of frontend security

collective health is a technology company working to create the healthcare experience we all deserve. founded in 2013, our team of engineers, designers, product managers, and actuaries are redefining the $1 trillion market of employer-sponsored health benefits with data-driven and people-focused products. our complete health benefits solution helps great companies like activision blizzard, palantir, restoration hardware, and pinterest take care of their people by harnessing the power of design and technology. based in san francisco, ca, we’re backed by some of the best investors in silicon valley including google ventures, founders fund, nea, and redpoint ventures. for more information, visit us at https://www.collectivehealth.com.
we are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. we do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.







apply for this job

* required
        


first name *



last name *



email *



phone



resume/cv


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 














cover letter


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 

















linkedin profile
    





website
    





how did you hear about this job? *












 



share this job:    













powered by 

 
      read our privacy policy
















