



cross ocean technologies - jobs: web developer - apply online

























all jobs
→
web developer

web developer
oakland, california, united states · po kfhp po/ho corp data strategy · kaisjp00101312

descriptionthis is highly responsible work maintaining and maturing web presence, both internet and intranet. will be responsible for creation of concept, design, testing and maintenance of web sites, pages and applications. will meet frequently with staff before and during project, to ascertain requirements, and also afterwards to train staff in the proper maintenance of web pages and proper use of web applications. general duties will include advising web developers and management on all aspects of web development from technology to functionality to graphics.requirementsexperience level: 3-6 years. skill set:  must be proficient in current html standards and aware of the differences between all the html version standards as adopted by the w3c, as well as future w3c standards, which are constantly being developed.  full life cycle application development experience   must be proficient in javascript, dhtml, and xml. ability to write program code rather than using visual ide toolbars   high level experience with javascript (dom, prototype, oop, json, any js framework except jquery  must be able to write server-side dynamic web pages such as active server pages (asp), aspx using vbscript/vb.  must be familiar with all types of online security schemes, and also with com objects and similar techniques.  must know how to optimize all formats for online viewing.  must be proficient in: microsoft frontpage, microsoft visual inter-dev, visual studio.net, notepad, adobe photoshop, adobe illustrator, macromedia flash, microsoft office, adobe acrobat.  must be able to write and debug code in straight text format, without the help of a gui interface. experience with microsoft sql server management and development (creating database / view / stored process / udf / creating and managing users , permissions / sql mail configuration / database backup, restore )  experience in one for the following languages: java / c++ / c# / vb.net  source control experience tfs / cvs / svn / git •	c# (asp.net) •	java 8 • extjs experience benefitscross ocean technologies, inc. is an equal opportunity employer that actively pursues and hires a diverse workforce. all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, disability (mental or physical), gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, military veteran status, national origin, political affiliation, pregnancy, race, religion or creed, sex, sexual orientation, or any other factor that is not related to the job.

apply for this job












cross ocean technologies
does not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color, religion, age, national origin, marital status, disability, veteran status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity or any other reason prohibited by law in provision of employment opportunities and benefits.

cross ocean technologies website

powered by
workable





