



job application for r&d data engineer at earnest research





















          apply now
        
r&d data engineer

        at earnest research
      

        new york 
      


earnest research
earnest research is a vc-backed data innovation startup driven to change the way professionals understand consumer and business behavior. working with world-class data partners, we transform raw data into a source for business and investment professionals to ask better questions so they can make better decisions. we believe, in the right hands, data has the power to change the way we work.
r&d data engineer
at earnest research, we are passionate about finding signals in the noise of large datasets. as a member of the r&d team, you will be at the vanguard of expanding the insights we offer our clients: building products from new and existing datasets. you will work directly with our r&d data scientists and director of partnership development to rapidly build prototype software solutions that scale to large amounts of messy data and enable the r&d team to extract comprehensible and actionable insights that our clients use to make investment decisions, research markets and drive their competitive strategy. the ideal candidate is an intellectually curious team player who likes to rapidly build “quick and dirty” solutions to rapidly evolving data problems employing a combination of computer science and statistical skills along with an ability to rapidly understand new data sets.  
responsibilities

evaluation of new datasets 

working with the r&d data scientists to rapidly assess the predictive power and commercial potential of new datasets by:

quickly familiarizing yourself with, and implementing scalable processing and analysis solutions on new datasets
building quick prototypes on new kinds of data utilizing open source libraries and employing creative problem solving.
proactively identifying issues you encounter (e.g. duplicated data, bad data values)


data analysis and product development

rapidly implementing transformation and wrangling of unstructured and semi-structured data from a variety of sources
work with other teams within the organization to develop prototypes of new products and new product features





qualifications

2+ years engineering experience in a data oriented role
a passion for data driven research and all the discovery, messiness and ambiguity that such research entails
experience implementing algorithms, such as recommender systems, on large datasets
experience handling and processing large data sets (10’s of tb’s or more) in a business environment
exposure to and interest in data science and statistics
strong communication, coordination, and organizational skills
ability to set clear expectations, prioritize activities and follow through to completion on multiple projects with varying deadlines
ability to handle confidential/sensitive information and exercise exceptional judgment
proficiency with:

distributed computing frameworks (e.g. hadoop, spark) for large datasets
one of java, scala, or a similar programming language
algorithms, data structures, and performance optimization techniques
sql
a unix-like computing environment, and using command line tools including knowledge of shell/python scripting for automating common tasks


preferred:

experience with aws tools, especially emr, redshift database and data pipeline features.
some knowledge of natural language processing and machine learning










apply for this job

* required
        


first name *



last name *



email *



phone *




              location (city)
                *




resume/cv *


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 














cover letter


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 















+ add another




are you legally eligible for employment in the us? *



--
yes
no


will you now or in the future require visa sponsorship to work in the us? *






when would you be available to start? *






how did you hear about this job? *






linkedin profile
    





website
    











 



share this job:    















        school name
      





        degree
      

high school
associate's degree
bachelor's degree
master's degree
master of business administration (m.b.a.)
juris doctor (j.d.)
doctor of medicine (m.d.)
doctor of philosophy (ph.d.)
engineer's degree
other



        discipline
      

accounting
african studies
agriculture
anthropology
applied health services
architecture
art
asian studies
biology
business
business administration
chemistry
classical languages
communications & film
computer science
dentistry
developing nations
discipline unknown
earth sciences
economics
education
electronics
engineering
english studies
environmental studies
european studies
fashion
finance
fine arts
general studies
health services
history
human resources management
humanities
industrial arts & carpentry
information systems
international relations
journalism
languages
latin american studies
law
linguistics
manufacturing & mechanics
mathematics
medicine
middle eastern studies
naval science
north american studies
nuclear technics
operations research & strategy
organizational theory
philosophy
physical education
physical sciences
physics
political science
psychology
public policy
public service
religious studies
russian & soviet studies
scandinavian studies
science
slavic studies
social science
social sciences
sociology
speech
statistics & decision theory
urban studies
veterinary medicine



        start date
      





        end date
      








powered by 

 
      read our privacy policy
















