



job application for front end developer at consensys






















          apply now
        
front end developer

        at consensys
      

        san francisco
      


about consensys:consensys is a venture production studio focused on building and scaling tools and enterprise software products powered by ethereum. our mission is to use these solutions to power the emerging economic, social, and political operating systems of the planet.our teams are busy at work building the future of identity, financial markets, commerce, security and infrastructure, and more. if you are someone that thrives in a fast-paced environment where being self-directed, determined, and resilient are a requirement, we would love for you to join us.
we are currently seeking front end developer to join our enterprise team. in this position you will be the technical representative for consensys' products and services, working closely with our business development managers and delivery leads in our enterprise organization.
the role
consensys enterprise combines expert business knowledge and leading agile processes to offer distinctive support for enterprise it enablement. you will be joining a team of leading blockchain and enterprise experts to deliver solutions for fortune level organizations.  the front end developer will be responsible for using extensive knowledge to design and implement front-end development solutions using cutting-edge technologies.
 requirements:* expert knowledge of javascript* experience working with react/redux or similar front-end frameworks* current with the state of the javascript eco-system (es6, babel, npm, webpack, rollup, etc.)* strong design focus with commanding grasp of html, css, and related web technologies* ability to use design patterns to create simple and reusable components for complex uis* awareness of cross-browser compatibility issues and client-side performance considerations* familiarity with continuous integration and deployment* basic knowledge of relational and non-relational data stores like mysql, mongodb, etc. bonus points: * basic fluency with adobe creative suite (photoshop/illustrator/etc.)* knowledge of web3 and ethereum development tools* excited about the prospects of decentralized technologies
 







apply for this job

* required
        


first name *



last name *



email *



phone



resume/cv *


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 














cover letter


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 

















linkedin profile
    





website
    





how did you hear about this job?
    











 



share this job:    













powered by 

 
      read our privacy policy
















