



job application for react / javascript / full stack developer (experience required) at influxdata






















          apply now
        
react / javascript / full stack developer (experience required)

        at influxdata
      
(view all jobs)

        san francisco
      


as a member of our front-end engineering team, you'll be responsible for creating chronograf, an open source application for visualizing data from influxdb, the open source time-series database. these visualization tools form part of a multi-tiered product that will be used by individuals, teams, and organizations that build on top of influxdb. this role will be very heavy on javascript, but will also involve some back-end development in go.
we're looking for candidates who value continually mastering the craft of coding and building tools that benefit the open source development community. you'll need to be open to experimenting, which means that sometimes you might fail. (that's okay.) along with that, you'll need the persistence to keep going and try again. you'll also be working closely with your team, so you'll need to be empathic, supportive, and excited to teach as well as learn.
*while for some roles, we welcome candidates from boot camps/junior candidates, in this upcoming new hire we absolutely need a developer who has 3 or more years of working experience in similar roles. *
what you'll be doing: 

use es6, react, redux and webpack to build our data visualization product, chronograf
test drive react with jasmine
assist with creating and maintaining our open-source, front-end libraries
use go to build a web server that sits between chronograf and influxdb

your skills and experience:

min 3 years experience with modern javascript frameworks (react, angularjs, ember.js, vue.js)
experience with tdd (jasmine, mocha, etc.) and testing react, specifically 
interest in data visualization with javascript (d3, dygraph, html canvas, etc)
desire to start working with go
experience with api-driven, single page applications
extensive experience with git 
html/css
have worked on teams or 3 or more developers, with experience pairing

 
influxdata provides a modern time series platform that has been designed from the ground up to handle metrics and events (time-series data). the influxdata platform is built on the open source projects – telegraf, influxdb, chronograf, and kapacitor.
we're backed by mayfield fund, trinity ventures, and battery ventures.
we offer fantastic benefits including:

medical/ dental/vision insurance with 100% coverage for employees and dependents
company contribution to fsa and commuter benefits
open pto - take the time you need
life insurance, short and long term disability insurance
401k (non matching)
....and more!  

visit our careers page to learn more about working at influxdata.
influxdata is an equal opportunity employer. all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or veteran status.
influxdata does not accept unsolicited resumes from headhunters and recruitment agencies through our website, job board or directly to employees. influxdata will not pay fees to any third-party agency, headhunter or company that does not have a signed agreement for this position in place.
 







apply for this job

* required
        


first name *



last name *



email *



phone *



resume/cv *


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 














cover letter


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 

















if applicable, please share your github link
    





linkedin profile
    





website
    





how did you hear about this job?
    





can you tell us a little about why you want to work with us? *







are you authorized to work in the united states without sponsorship? *



--
yes
no


do you have the required experience with react? *






do you have at least 3 years of work experience using the technical skills required for this position? *



--
yes
no




u.s. equal opportunity employment information (completion is voluntary)


  individuals seeking employment at influxdata are considered without regards
  to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical
  or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation. you are
  being given the opportunity to provide the following information in order to help us
  comply with federal and state equal employment opportunity/affirmative action record
  keeping, reporting, and other legal requirements.


  completion of the form is entirely voluntary. whatever your decision,
  it will not be considered in the hiring process or thereafter. any information that you
  do provide will be recorded and maintained in a confidential file.


gender
please selectmale
female
decline to self identify


are you hispanic/latino?
please selectyes
no
decline to self identify


please identify your race
please selectamerican indian or alaskan native
asian
black or african american
hispanic or latino
white
native hawaiian or other pacific islander
two or more races
decline to self identify


      race & ethnicity definitions


  if you believe you belong to any of the categories of protected veterans listed below,
  please indicate by making the appropriate selection.  as a government contractor
  subject to vietnam era veterans readjustment assistance act (vevraa), we request this
  information in order to measure the effectiveness of the outreach and positive
  recruitment efforts we undertake pursuant to vevraa. classification of protected
  categories is as follows:


  a "disabled veteran" is one of the following: a veteran of the u.s. military, ground,
  naval or air service who is entitled to compensation (or who but for the receipt of
  military retired pay would be entitled to compensation) under laws administered by the
  secretary of veterans affairs; or a person who was discharged or released from active
  duty because of a service-connected disability.


  a "recently separated veteran" means any veteran during the three-year period beginning
  on the date of such veteran's discharge or release from active duty in the u.s.
  military, ground, naval, or air service.


  an "active duty wartime or campaign badge veteran" means a veteran who served on active
  duty in the u.s. military, ground, naval or air service during a war, or in a campaign
  or expedition for which a campaign badge has been authorized under the laws
  administered by the department of defense.


  an "armed forces service medal veteran" means a veteran who, while serving on active
  duty in the u.s. military, ground, naval or air service, participated in a united
  states military operation for which an armed forces service medal was awarded pursuant
  to executive order 12985.


veteran status
please selecti am not a protected veteran
i identify as one or more of the classifications of a protected veteran
i don't wish to answer



form cc-305
omb control number 1250-0005
expires 1/31/2020

voluntary self-identification of disability
why are you being asked to complete this form?

  because we do business with the government, we must reach out to, hire, and provide
  equal opportunity to qualified people with disabilities1.  to help us
  measure how well we are doing, we are asking you to tell us if you have a disability or
  if you ever had a disability.  completing this form is voluntary, but we hope that you
  will choose to fill it out.  if you are applying for a job, any answer you give will be
  kept private and will not be used against you in any way.


  if you already work for us, your answer will not be used against you in any way.
  because a person may become disabled at any time, we are required to ask all of our
  employees to update their information every five years.  you may voluntarily
  self-identify as having a disability on this form without fear of any punishment
  because you did not identify as having a disability earlier.

how do i know if i have a disability?

  you are considered to have a disability if you have a physical or mental impairment or
  medical condition that substantially limits a major life activity, or if you have a
  history or record of such an impairment or medical condition.

disabilities include, but are not limited to:

blindness
deafness
cancer
diabetes
epilepsy
autism
cerebral palsy
hiv/aids
schizophrenia
muscular dystrophy
bipolar disorder
major depression
multiple sclerosis (ms)
missing limbs or partially missing limbs
post-traumatic stress disorder (ptsd)
obsessive compulsive disorder
impairments requiring the use of a wheelchair
intellectual disability (previously called mental retardation)


disability status
please selectyes, i have a disability (or previously had a disability)
no, i don't have a disability
i don't wish to answer

reasonable accommodation notice

  federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified
  individuals with disabilities. please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation
  to apply for a job or to perform your job.  examples of reasonable accommodation
  include making a change to the application process or work procedures, providing
  documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using
  specialized equipment.


1section 503 of the rehabilitation act of 1973, as amended.  for more
  information about this form or the equal employment obligations of federal contractors,
  visit the u.s. department of labor's office of federal contract compliance programs
  (ofccp) website at www.dol.gov/ofccp.


  public burden statement:  according to the paperwork reduction act of 1995 no persons
  are required to respond to a collection of information unless such collection displays
  a valid omb control number. this survey should take about 5 minutes to complete.




application consent for influxdata
by clicking the “i accept” button you expressly make the following representations and warranties and give your consents as described below:
influxdata collects your personal data for the purposes of managing influxdata’s recruitment related activities as well as for organizational planning purposes globally. consequently, influxdata may use your personal data in relation to the evaluation and selection of applicants including for example setting up and conducting interviews and tests, evaluating and assessing the results thereto and as is otherwise needed in the recruitment processes including the final recruitment.
influxdata does not disclose your personal data to unauthorized third parties. however, as a global corporation consisting of multiple affiliated companies in various countries, influxdata has international sites and influxdata uses resources located throughout the world. influxdata may from time to time also use third parties to act on influxdata’s behalf. you agree to the fact that to the extent necessary your personal data may be transferred and/or disclosed to any company within influxdata group of companies as well as to third parties acting on influxdata’s behalf, including also transfers to servers and databases outside the country where you provided influxdata with your personal data. such transfers may include for example transfers and/or disclosures outside the european economic area and in the united states of america.




  i accept








 



share this job:    













powered by 

 
      read our privacy policy
















