4p - front end developerfront end developersan francisco, california4p digital technologiesfull-timeapply for this jobimagine waking up and being part of a team with game changing ambitions and limits beyond belief. your peers are capable, pleasant and multicultural - they do not only listen to your ideas, they help you chase them. to boot, you can even be yourself and don’t need to look like a movie star every day or bend yourself in any direction. you will work in a highly collaborative environment that mirrors more of a startup than a big company where you can always express your opinions and thoughts. maybe you’re still dreaming and this is a unicorn riding on the back of a burgundy elephant – but maybe it’s not.roles and responsibilitieswe are building a product that will provide a collaborative working space for entrepreneurs. we strongly believe that we are building a competent and capable product, and are looking for team players who want to take up the challenge of solving problems together. we want people who want to question the idea and brainstorm on it with the team. you will have to define your own tasks, prioritise them and be able to work on them simultaneously. you should be self motivated and be able to organise your own self within the project. you will have to take ownership and responsibility instead of receiving instructions - and there will definitely be a lot of learning, experimenting and fun.we are looking for front end developers who are detail oriented and have a knack for finding the best practices in front end development. as of now, you will work with react and the react ecosystem, along with nodejs as our app server.basic qualificationshtml, css and javascriptnpm / yarn, unix / linuxgit, gitlab / github / bitbucketfluent in englishpreferred qualificationssass / less / stylusbootstrap / grid based systemes6, es7, react / angular / vue / emberwebpack, router, redux and sagaappreciated qualificationsrelay, graphql and nodejsshell scriptingwe would love to see your projects and your code. do share your website and any other link with us. for example, live projects hosted on heroku or your github, stackoverflow, hackerrank profilesapply for this job4p home pagejobs powered by 