databricks - web developerweb developersan franciscomarketingfull-timeapply for this jobdatabricks’ mission is to accelerate innovation for its customers by unifying data science, engineering and business. founded by the team who created apache spark™, databricks provides a unified analytics platform for data science teams to collaborate with data engineering and lines of business to build data products. users achieve faster time-to-value with databricks by creating analytic workflows that go from etl and interactive exploration to production. the company also makes it easier for its users to focus on their data by providing a fully managed, scalable, and secure cloud infrastructure that reduces operational complexity and total cost of ownership. databricks, venture-backed by andreessen horowitz, nea and battery ventures, among others, has a global customer base that includes salesforce, viacom, shell, and hp.  for more information, visit www.databricks.com.missionthe databricks marketing website is our single most important external communication tool. databricks is looking for a knowledgeable, savvy web developer to join the marketing team and support all online initiatives. in this role, you will drive all aspects of maintaining and building out the main marketing website and other databricks web properties, with an eye toward improving the web experience, and a strong comfort level with testing to improve web performance. you will also collaborate with the entire marketing team in the creation and implementation of web content such as landing pages, blog posts, website edits, press, and email marketing.outcomesbuild, maintain and consolidate databricks web properties own quarterly growth targets for web traffic  timely and rapid development of web projects to create or update pagesimplement on-going testing and optimization as part of conversion rate optimization efforts responsibilitiesbuild and maintain databricks' web properties:create new pages, drive consolidation & migration efforts of other existing databricks properties apply security and plugin updatesregularly refactor and apply performance updatestroubleshooting and tracking issues, logging bugs, and collaborating with team to define key site changes drive web performance work across different internal stakeholder groups and seo agency to implement tactics to grow site traffic plan and execute a/b tests to optimize for conversionsunderstands design to help improve the user experience on the site track and report web metrics and provide insights to the team into site performance staging and publishing web contentcreate pages in wordpressensures pages are seo optimized staging and publishing of content - blog posts, press releases, etc. competencies / requirementsextensive knowledge of wordpress cms and theme/plugin developmentstrong front-end development background (html, javascript and css)knowledge of google analytics and google tag managerbackground developing landing pages and executing a/b testsexperience working with git version control softwareable to self-manage projects and can provide input on new projectsstrong analytical skills to deliver insights to improve performance able to perform under pressure and deliver results in a demanding and fast-paced environment that requires fresh thinking and innovationworks and communicates well with stakeholders across multiple groups summary of the roledatabricks, founded by the co-creators of the wildly popular big data analytics technology apache spark, is focused on making big data simple. databricks’ customers extract tremendous value out of its cloud offering and the combination of data processing and advanced analytics capabilities.  the primary target audiences are data scientists and data engineers.  the marketing team at databricks is chartered with helping fuel the company’s explosive growth, from increasing awareness through pipeline and revenue growth, to driving advocacy globally. the web developer will be an integral part of this fast paced, high growth environment and will own all aspects of building and maintaining databricks’ corporate web presence, and help scale our web efforts to support the company’s growth. this individual has strong technical chops with in-depth knowledge of html, css, and javascrip, and expert knowledge of web standards and responsive design. a fast learner, this person has the opportunity to have a significant impact in driving our growth. databricks' vision is to empower anyone to easily build and deploy advanced analytics solutions. the company was founded by the team who created apache® spark™, a powerful open source data processing engine built for sophisticated analytics, ease of use, and speed. databricks is the largest contributor to the open source apache spark project providing 10x more code than any other company. the company has also trained over 20,000 users on apache spark, and has the largest number of customers deploying spark to date. databricks provides a just-in-time data platform, to simplify data integration, real-time experimentation, and robust deployment of production applications. databricks is venture-backed by andreessen horowitz and nea. for more information, contactinfo@databricks.com.apply for this jobdatabricks home pagejobs powered by 