




ui developer 3























search for more jobs
forward this job to a friend

apply by email without registering
apply by creating/using  account


sign in


            language
        


                english
            


                français
            

                español
            










from:




to:



subject:



message:















ok
cancel
























email:



password:



forgot your password?
log in











please enter your registered email address, and we'll email you a link to reset your password right away.

your email






ok








from




subject



resume





browse





browse




browse







message





how were you referred to us? 









ok
cancel






























				previous
			


ui developer 3





			next
		





ref no.:
17-01431

location: 
san francisco, california

position type:contract




duties:    

you will be a develop front-end solutions on our high impact web properties such as www.our client.com
you will develop front end components, styling, and javascript for a wcms aem solution running our client.com
you will be collaborating with a team of other front-end developers, designers, and backend engineers to come up with cutting edge web solutions
you will be working within a fast-paced and dynamic working environment

skills:    

expertise in html5, css3, object oriented js, and js frameworks for example, canjs, backbone, angular.
expertise with node, grunt, less, scss and other related technologies.
expertise with developing for browser compatibility
expert understanding the dom, accessibility standards, and seo
experience with unit testing using jasmine, phantomjs, etc.
web application development experience with jsp, sling, servlets, xml is a plus.
working knowledge of java web mvc frameworks such as struts, jsf, etc. is a plus.
experience with cms technologies like our client aem is a plus.
strong web application development skills, very strong front end but ideally experience and interest in the full stack bs or advanced degree and 5 or more years of experience with web development
experience with jee technology stack.
knowledge of presentation, web, business and data access layers and their interactions.
experience working with highly trafficked, scalable web applications.
demonstrable understanding of all phases of the software development cycle.
excellent verbal and written communication skills.
able to write clear design and technical specifications.

education:    


bs or advanced degree and 5 or more years of experience with web development





apply by creating/using  account




for all w2 contract positions, no c2c is allowed.  please respond only if you are applying for position yourself and can be a direct employee of intellipro group inc.  *no recruiters or c2c*










ok





