






































 
careers at tynker | coding for kids | tynker










 












join for free




hour of code!



hour of code 



coding games 



minecraft 




parents



tynker for home 



how kids learn 



why code 



testimonials 




educators



tynker for schools 



curriculum 



free training 



standards 



success stories 



tynker for camps 



hour of code 






join for free


sign in
















parents




educators




blog




forum




sign in




join for free




mobile app












careers at tynker






about
careers





are you a creative thinker with a can-do attitude? do you want to play a key role in developing a new computing platform - one designed to teach children computational thinking and programming skills in a fun, intuitive, and imaginative way? are you interested in joining a team of all-stars with a history of starting and building successful companies?
if you answered “yes” to these questions, consider joining us at tynker. we’re looking for fellow innovators who are passionate about preparing kids for the next millennium. get in on the ground floor of an innovative new company that is changing the way kids learn about and leverage technology.
tynker is well-funded by leading educators and top-tier silicon valley vcs.
product development

sr. software engineer - mobile
game developer
game designer

internships (non-summer)

community intern


all positions are located in los altos, ca near the san antonio caltrain station. we offer a competitive salary, generous stock option packages, and full health, dental, and vision benefits.
if interested, please send your resume to jobs.
resumes from recruiters will not be accepted.



sr. software engineer - mobile
we are looking for a lead mobile developer to drive the development of our iphone and ipad apps. you will be building rich visual experiences to engage k-12 students in a creative playground where they tynker, play and learn. if you like pushing the boundaries of touch-based creation environments, this is the job for you.
requirements:

bs/ms in computer science with 3+ years of software development experience
2+ years of ios software development experience
must have a strong grasp of cs fundamentals, especially in data structures, algorithm design, and programming languages
must have deep experience building successful consumer mobile apps
working knowledge of back-end technologies required for mobile apps
able to work under pressure in a timely manner without sacrificing quality
demonstrated ability to write clean code with good embedded documentation
ability to work well in a team and to take on leadership roles as required
knowledge of web standards including xhtml, javascript, css, svg, webgl is a big plus
excellent written and verbal communication skills

if interested, please send your resume to jobs.




game developer
we are seeking a talented game developer to join our game development team. in this position, you will collaborate with our game designers, developers and artists and drive the implementation of a variety of games, puzzles and interactive content that teach kids (9+) to program. you will be working on activities that span a variety of domains including minecraft modding, game design, stem activities for schools, drone programming and robotics.
requirements:

bs/ms in game development, computer science, or mathematics
3+ years of game development experience
excellent knowledge of c, javascript or python
working knowledge of web design and development (html, xml, javascript, css)
understanding of data structures and algorithms
attention to detail
strong written and oral communication skills
ability to learn and act in a fast-paced environment
a high level of energy and motivation
passion for games and game development
extensive knowledge of pc games, console games, player types, and game mechanics.

if interested, please send your resume and portfolio to jobs.




game designer
tynker is looking for a highly creative and versatile game designer who can storyboard games, design game levels, and define goal progression. in this role, you will own the overall process from conceiving innovative game play to analyzing real-time feedback and adjust designs accordingly. you will work in conjunction with artists, developers and designers to implement and launch new games and levels. your primary goal is to keep kids motivated and engaged in the creative learning environment.
primary responsibilities:

storyboard games, design game levels, and define goal progression
own the overall process from conceiving innovative game play to implementation
work with an amazing team of artists, game developers and designers to plan, implement and launch new games
clearly articulate game designs, gameplay, and visuals using photoshop, illustrator, and other tools
define gameplay for web, tablet and phone-based games
understand our k-12 audience and build something special for them
keep users motivated and engaged in the creative learning environment
plan balancing, monetization of virtual economies and driving player behavior
create reward structures and incentives within the game environment
analyze excel models for incentives and levels

requirements:

at least 3-5 years experience as a game designer, preferably with casual, social or mobile games
ability to fully document features including game systems, game mechanics, economy, ui, characters and story
strong knowledge of analytics and how to use data in game design
expert at creating reward structures and incentives in game environment
ability to present concepts and receive feedback
willing to take creative risks
must be passionate about gaming and be up to date on game design literature and best practices
art direction and animation design experience is a big plus
previous technical experience and broad knowledge of game system capabilities are a plus
ability to multi-task and work well under pressure

if interested, please send your resume and portfolio to jobs.




community intern
we're looking for someone who can help us moderate our online platforms and maintain quality throughout our library of content. current high school seniors and college students to the front of the line! we prefer candidates in journalism, english, or writing programs with some computer science or coding experience. please provide a resume.
this position is a paid full-time internship. summer interns, please do not apply.
what you'll do:

moderate our online communities
proofread copy within our educational software products
edit and author blog posts

key position requirements:

interest in supporting kids’ creativity
impeccable skill set in grammar, writing and editing
strong attention to detail
strong written and oral communication skills
excellent computer skills (word, excel, etc)
ability to learn and act in a fast-paced environment
effective task management
a high level of energy and motivation
strong sense of urgency

preferred qualifications

some computer science or coding experience
fluency in one or more of the following languages: spanish, german, french, japanese, chinese

if interested, please send your resume to jobs.
















about
tynker is a creative computing platform where millions of kids have learned to program and built games, apps and more. tynker offers self-paced online courses for children to learn coding at home, as well as an engaging programming curriculum for schools.







resources

blog
stories
partners
press
jobs
mobile apps
forum
store



parents

why coding
play
courses
how kids learn
kids gallery
give a gift
redeem



educators

hour of code
school courses
stem projects
common core
start a camp







stay connected



















parent newsletter



































2017 neuron fuel
terms & conditions
privacy policy
kids & online safety
about us
contact us







×


















