
python web developer - downtown st. louis job - blue stingray - st. louis, mo | indeed.com






















skip to job description, searchclose









find jobscompany reviewsfind salariesfind resumesemployers / post job







upload your resume


sign in







:







what
where





advanced job search


 

 



 



job title, keywords or company


city, state, or zip












python web developer - downtown st. louis

blue stingray
     -
st. louis, mo


local st. louis metro web developers only.we are an exciting digital agency on the lookout for a web / python developer with a passion for modern web technologies to help us build quality websites and applications.if you want to work at a fun place that has free caffeinated drink, free snacks, open environment, in a great location, cash giveaways and free donuts give us a call.we produce websites and applications in html5, javascript, css and php for clients both large and small. our goal is to produce exceptional user experiences, using forward-thinking methodologies & gorgeous design that far exceed the expectations of our clients.must have 1-2 years experience in oo, mvc programming, be familiar with popular patterns and practices.key skillswrite clean well-documented codeconvert psds into website / templatespython / postgres / mysql development experience in a commercial environmentstrong understanding of html/css, javascript.strong communication skillsexperience with mvc frameworksobject oriented codeunit testing & automated build/deployment processesnice if you have these: a github portfoliounderstanding of usability & user experiencefamiliar with linux command linegeneral development responsibilities will consist of:working in python for odoo projects.use source control tools to manage versions (git).working with existing web applications to build additional functionality.configure and work with mysql or postgres databases.office is located downtownjob type: full-timejob location:st. louis, morequired experience:python | php web development: 2 yearsjob type: full-timejob location:st. louis, morequired experience:oo, mvc programming: 5 yearspython: 2 years

30+ days ago   -  save job









» apply now

            please review all application instructions before applying to blue stingray.






other jobs you may like


data engineer

technology partners -
					st. louis, mo
14 days ago


python developer

toolots inc. -
					cerritos, ca
9 days ago

 easily apply



programmer analyst

vintech solutions, inc -
					st. louis, mo
12 days ago

 easily apply



python data engineer

pamten -
					st. louis, mo
pamten - 
					30+ days ago


junior full stack php developer

cotton babies, inc. -
					st. louis, mo
21 days ago





 




                        blue stingray


                blue stingray is a saint louis based agency dedicated to building responsive websites, enterprise cloud solutions, and mobile apps focused...



let employers find youthousands of employers search for candidates on indeedupload your resume










about - help center


©2017 indeed - cookies, privacy and terms



let employers find you  upload your resume









indeed salary estimatewe know salary is a key component of your decision whether or not to apply for a job. so when the hiring company hasn’t provided a salary for a job, we look at salary data from related companies and locations to come up with a reasonable estimate for what you can expect.with over 450,000,000 salaries collected from other jobs and employees, we use one of the biggest salary databases in the world to inform these estimates. and because we are continually adding feedback from users like you, we are able to keep refining our accuracy.these salary estimates are not endorsed by the hiring companies and may vary from what’s actually offered, but we have a pretty great record of getting close enough for you to make an informed decision.is this your job listing? send us feedback to correct an inaccurate salary estimate.

