360 it professionals fullstack ui developer | smartrecruiters

fullstack ui developerst. louis, mocontractcompany description360 it professionals is a california base minority business enterprise specializing in the fieldof it consulting and staffing. since our inception we have been providing industry leading it solutions for staffing and software development. we have more than 30 it staffing services contracts across usa and working closely with fortune 500 companies and key private sector agencies. we are providing staffing support to more than 10 state customers across usa and have successfully staffed for more than 260 roles in last 6 months.job descriptionposition title: fullstack ui developerlocation: st louis mo (need locals)duration: long term contractjob responsibilities:three or more years of experience in solving challenging technical problems in two or more of the following areas:  single page web application development.  unix/linux environment management.  cloud based continuous delivery and environment management. mobile application development.  micro-service design and development. large, distributed system development. software security. processing and analysing large data sets.  bs degree in computer science, similar technical field of study, or equivalent practical experience.  ability to effectively collaborate with others in english.   preferred qualifications:  a passion for learning new programming languages, software libraries, data layers, and development paradigms.  ability to articulate at least one accomplishment that you are really proud of; what did you do and what was the outcome.  professional experience with any of the following:  java, scala, or nodejs  amazon web services  functional programming  multiple data stores (sql stores, mongodb, couchdb, neo4j, hadoop, cassandra, dynamodb, elasticsearch, solr, etc).  agriculture domain knowledge. qualificationsbs degree in computer science, similar technical field of study, or equivalent practical experience. ability to effectively collaborate with others in english..additional informationlocal candidates preferred. immediate interview and placement! any visa type...i'm interestedi'm interestedrefer a friendshare this jobpowered by