






leidos | java script, java - web developer - st. louis, mo - leidos













leidos: solutions for national security, health, and engineering




























www.leidos.com








main menu


leidosback

leidos

aboutback

back
about
mission, vision, and values
international
subsidiaries
leadership
history
ethics & corporate responsibility
commitment to quality
rankings & awards
contract center
contact us



capabilitiesback

back
capabilities

civilback

back
civil
aviation
commerce solutions
cyber solutions
energy
environment & infrastructure
exploration & mission support
homeland & transportation security



defense & intelligenceback

back
defense & intelligence
airborne
command & control
data analytics
enterprise it services
federal cybersecurity
intelligence services
operations & logistics
sensors
training



healthback

back
health
federal health it
hospitals & health systems
life sciences



advanced solutionsback

back
advanced solutions
airborne systems integration
maritime 





careersback

back
careers
opportunities
pay & benefits
life at leidos
faqs



investorsback

back
investors
stock data
corporate governance
sec filings
quarterly earnings


search


insights



leidos search


leidos
cancel









home





            java script, java - web developer
        


apply now
       





job number:
644369


job category:
information technology - software


location:
st. louis, mo us


schedule:
full-time


travel:
none


shift:
day job


potential for teleworking:
no


clearance level must currently possess:
none


clearance level must be able to obtain:
top secret/sci with polygraph





 
description:leidos is hiring software engineers for a program which is implementing and delivering the next generation of geospatial intelligence technologies for the government.    the effort will harness gots, cots and foss technologies to deliver advanced exploitation services. the program will build and deliver new and innovative approaches to implement geospatial intelligence exploitation and production using web and cloud technologies.    this requisition is looking for software engineers to join the program agile development team. they will participate in 2 week sprints during which they will collaborate with the customer and team to define, build and test exploitation and enterprise services. they will be expected to be strong contributors to the scrum team, participating in daily scrums, and being proactive to work tasks and resolve obstacles.    in addition to service development and delivery, they will provide support to drs detected by testers or in operations. applicants selected will be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information.qualifications:  qualifications:   experience with javascript.   understanding of the agile principles and scrum methodology.  enthusiasm for working in a high performing team environment and collaborating with customers and users to define scope and design   self-motivated to learn new skills for solving challenging engineering, scientific and information technology challenges  strong javascript skills: (angular, react)   design skills: (balsamiq)   use of common gis / visual analytics js libraries: (leaflet, openmap, d6099)      education & experience:    requires bs and 4 – 8 years of prior relevant experience or masters with 2 – 6 years of prior relevant experience. leidos overview:leidos is a global science and technology solutions leader working to solve the world’s toughest challenges in the defense, intelligence, homeland security, civil, and health markets. the company’s 33,000 employees support vital missions for government and commercial customers. headquartered in reston, virginia, leidos reported pro forma annual revenues of approximately $10 billion for the fiscal year ended january 1, 2016 after giving effect to the recently completed combination of leidos with lockheed martin's information systems & global solutions business (is&gs). for more information, visit www.leidos.com.  the company’s diverse employees support vital missions for government and commercial customers. qualified women, minorities, individuals with disabilities and protected veterans are encouraged to apply. leidos will consider qualified applicants with criminal histories for employment in accordance with relevant laws.     leidos is an equal opportunity employer.

other locations:  
 


apply now
       











leidos

© 2017 leidos







privacy policy








for customers
for alumni
for employees
for suppliers














connect on facebookconnect on linkedinconnect on twitterconnect on youtube








products
federal contract vehicles
contact us





powered by smashfly


















