


careers center - web ux/ui designer - ts














































please enable cookies to continue
please enable cookies in your browser to experience all the personalized features of this site, including the ability to apply for a job.







welcome page







returning candidate?

log back in!












web ux/ui designer - ts


job locations

us-mo-st. louis | us-va-springfield





job id

2017-1127


# of openings

1


category

information technology









overview






nt concepts, a leading provider of business and technology solutions for the intelligence and national security communities, is looking for an web ux/ui designer to join our on-site team in springfield, va or st. louis, mo supporting a critical intelligence community client.  the web ux/ui designer will work closely with a highly-skilled team of ux researchers, testers, and front-end developers to modernize legacy uis and create rich user experiences (websites, dashboards, apps) to support the geoint mission.  we looking for a team player who can use their creativity and design expertise to help influence, elevate, and energize people and projects, and evangelize the user experience. be a part of an innovative, lean team working to transform digital services and help lead the next gen transformation in an open, positive, and rewarding work environment!








responsibilities






your skillsets include the ability to:  iterate and execute the full spectrum of web ux/ui design: design requirements, design discussions, concept maturity, information architecture, wireframing, prototyping, and final design develop compelling wireframes/prototypes in ux software (ex: invision, uxpin, balsamiq)expertly use adobe illustrator and photoshopcreate and implement clean and section 508-compliant css and html5 to support design implementationunderstand and work with modern web languages, frameworks, and services (javascript, angularjs, jquery, bootstrap, ajax)understand the importance of user-centered design and testing methodologies, subsystems, and usability and accessibility concernsclearly and effectively communicate user experience and design rationale to teams and clientsdefine and follow css style and branding guides (color, typography, ui patterns), and ensure that best practices and standards are followeddeliver a great user experience, in terms of visual appeal, intuitiveness, ease of use, accessibility, and styleadapt quickly in a rapidly changing environment; prioritize and multi-task across numerous work streamsactively participate in and contribute to daily scrums








qualifications






your qualifications must include: an active ts clearance (this is a deal breaker. due to the nature of the work, candidates without an active ts you will not be considered for this position) we will sponsor your ts/sci- a requirement for successful employment.bachelor’s degree in interaction design, graphic design, or similar discipline (one year of college education equals two years of relevant work experience)minimum of three years of practical ux/ui design and general web programming experiencesalary is commensurate with experience, and an online portfolio is recommended. signing bonus available. about us  nt concepts is a company of talented, dedicated people committed to helping our customers achieve critical missions that are of the utmost importance to our nation and our world. we fuse business process with technical expertise to deliver data-driven enterprise solutions that solve our clients' most unique challenges. founded in 1998 and headquartered in the washington dc metro area, nt concepts is a privately held mid-tier company with customers spanning the federal civilian, dod, and intelligence communities. nt concepts is committed to hiring and retaining a diverse workforce. we are proud to be an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer (m/f/d/v), making decisions without regard to race, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, national origin, age, veteran status, disability, or any other protected class. all resumes are held in confidence. no recruiters or agencies without a previously signed contract. no faxes please. only candidates whose profiles closely match requirements will be contacted during this search.nt concepts participates in e-verify.   if you need a reasonable accommodation for any part of the employment process, please send an e-mail to jobs@ntconcepts.com and let us know the nature of your request and your contact information. reasonable accommodations are considered on a case-by-case basis.





options

apply for this job onlineapplyshareemail this job to a friendrefer


sorry the share function is not working properly at this moment. please refresh the page and try again later.

share on your newsfeed





application faqssoftware powered by icimswww.icims.com









