



developer































































create a profile|log in







 











yes
no


















show details













apply now

terms of use





                    refer job:
                        







 add to saved jobs






back




req54
developer

position titledeveloperposition summaryswank motion pictures is looking for a c# developer to assist a growing team to work on innovative and leading edge solutions. we are looking for someone to join an existing, motivated and productive development team in delivering enterprise-level solutions.responsibilitiesthis position is also responsible for upholding the values and mission of the information systems department and the development team. this includes the establishment of customer service and satisfaction standards. communication and understanding of customer objectives and our progress toward fulfilling these objectives is paramount to the success of this role. candidate will work in a team environment using a variety of technologies for building leading edge solutions for both internal as well as customer facing media playback solutions. solutions employ advanced video security techniques including forensic watermarking, digital rights management (drm) and encryption. technologies used include but not limited to:•work on the latest web technologies including: angular js, asp.net mvc, web api, gulp, less, typescript•work on the latest technologies of .net 4.x•ios and android tablet development using: java and objective-c/swift•python•windows server and linuxprofessional requirements•3+ years of c# experience•3+ years of asp.net mvc 4/5 development experience•strong web development: html5 and angular js or similar javascript libraries•strong knowledge of object-oriented programming•strong knowledge of web service models•strong knowledge of javascript and jquery•experience with 3rd party javascript libraries such as: angular js, knockout js, jqueryui or similar.•experience documenting technical specifications•experience with .net•experience with entity framework•experience with using sql server as a backend preferred•must be a self-starter•excellent communication skills•must be able to assist team members in the completion of tasks and assignments to ensure project completionteamwork and communicationteamwork and communication skills are an important element to any position within swank motion pictures.  the work environment in swank motion pictures systems is team based and fast paced.  candidate must have excellent communication skills and should be able to address any member of the organization.  the candidate must present a professional attitude and demeanor and be able to adapt to the changing daily work environment. eoe|aa|m|f|d|v
 
 







send to a friend










  
                                    please wait...






email this job ad to your friend(s) by adding their email address(es) along with your details to the field below:   *separate each recipient email address with a comma.

recipient email address(es):
                                            
                         
                

your first name:
 
                                                                                    
                

your last name:
                                              
                          
                
select which language the email should be sent in.

language:






send


















 










						this job opening is already listed as one of your interests. you cannot add the same job opening to your list of interests more than one time.

to see your list of interests, navigate to the application status tab within my profile
					

























account warning













log in
cancel
ok

























eoe|aa|m|f|d|v
                        
                        if accommodations are needed to complete the online application please contact 1-888-248-8757 and ask to speak with a human resources representative. or email us with your contact information and we will respond as soon as possible. 

swank motion pictures, inc.® | 10795 watson road, st. louis, missouri 63127 | 1-888-248-8757
















