



job application for data engineer at cargurus























          apply now
        
data engineer

        at cargurus
      
(view all jobs)

        cambridge, ma
      


cargurus is looking to hire a highly motivated data engineer to help shape our growing data infrastructure. you will work closely with analysts in all areas of the organization, becoming the expert in crafting data assets, pipelines, and reporting tools. you’ll be a founding member of this team, and will be a key participant in its growth. this role is key to helping cargurus become an insight-driven organization by democratizing our data assets.
what you’ll do

create and promote the cargurus data dictionary, a key component of our data analytics strategy. the data dictionary contains the definitions of our core entities, measures, and metrics.
become a trusted advisor to product, marketing, finance and other areas of the business to define and provide data critical to strategy.
maintain and expand etl and reporting tools.
participate in the design of our overall data collection strategy, including technology, data pipelines, and visualizations.
build a scalable data insight platform that makes every decision data driven.

who you are:

2-4 years experience as a software engineer, data engineer, or related field.
significant software engineering skills, preferably in python, ruby, or similar.
familiarity with linux/unix shell scripting.
comfortable with using test infrastructure to validate code.
ambitious team player who thrives in a collaborative environment.
expert in sql, with ability to optimize database and query performance.
familiarity with redshift, snowflake, bigquery, or other large-scale databases a plus.
familiarity with nosql environments a plus.
detective, with keen interest in solving business problems with data.








apply for this job

* required
        







first name *



last name *



email *



phone



resume/cv


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 














cover letter


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 

















linkedin profile
    





website
    





how did you hear about this job?
    











 



share this job:    













powered by 

 
      read our privacy policy
















