


careers center - web application engineer/administrator














































please enable cookies to continue
please enable cookies in your browser to experience all the personalized features of this site, including the ability to apply for a job.







welcome page







returning candidate?

log back in!












web application engineer/administrator


job locations

us-mo-st louis





req id

2017-3526


industry

federal systems


ft/pt

full-time


category

information technology


clearance

none


travel percentage

0-25%









summary / description






we are currently seeking a motivated, career and customer oriented web application developer/ administrator to join our team in st. louis, mo to begin an exciting and challenging career with unisys federal systems.in this role you will support nfc oracle weblogic and java system administration application support to include review of requirements developed by the government as it relates to application migration, application upgrades, development and production support, and hosting engineering activities for systems during integration and sustainment. provide java middleware application support. duties/tasks and responsibilities:• manage installation, upgrades, and application configurations of complex java and oracle weblogic technical infrastructure.• manage all tuning of java and oracle weblogic systems to ensure expected availability and performance levels are achieved as defined by service level agreements.• interpret server operational characteristics, determine the presence of a problem, identify possible solutions, select the most appropriate solution, and implement that solution in a timely manner in accordance with change control process.  • assist dba’s in the tuning of database queries related to the java and oracle weblogic applications








requirements






bachelor's degree and 6 years relevant experience or equivalentcandidate must be able to hold and maintain a naci minimum background investigation public trust clearance.








about unisys






do you have what it takes to be mission critical? your skills and experience could be mission critical for our unisys team supporting the federal government in their mission to protect and defend our nation, and transform the way government agencies manage information and improve responsiveness to their customers.  as a member of our diverse team, you’ll gain valuable career-enhancing experience as we support the design, development, testing, implementation, training, and maintenance of our federal government’s critical systems. apply today to become mission critical and help our nation meet the growing need for it security, improved infrastructure, big data, and advanced analytics.unisys is a global information technology company that solves complex it challenges at the intersection of modern and mission critical. we work with many of the world's largest companies and government organizations to secure and keep their mission-critical operations running at peak performance; streamline and transform their data centers; enhance support to their end users and constituents; and modernize their enterprise applications. we do this while protecting and building on their legacy it investments. our offerings include outsourcing and managed services, systems integration and consulting services, high-end server technology, cybersecurity and cloud management software, and maintenance and support services. unisys has more than 23,000 employees serving clients around the world. unisys offers a very competitive benefits package including health insurance coverage from first day of employment, a 401k with an immediately vested company match, vacation and educational benefits. to learn more about unisys visit us at www.unisys.com.unisys is an equal opportunity employer (eoe) - minorities, females, disabled persons, and veterans.#fed#





options

apply nowapplyshareemail this job to a friendrefer


sorry the share function is not working properly at this moment. please refresh the page and try again later.

share on your newsfeed




need help finding the right job?




we can recommend jobs specifically for you!

click here to get started.







application faqssoftware powered by icimswww.icims.com









