



equifax - job - ui/ux developer




















  .search all jobs at equifax search









search








ui/ux developer


				apply
			



job number:
								12005
						

position title:


external description:
 job summary we are looking for an experienced ui/ux developer to assist with the design/development of equifax workforce solutions suite of products. the ui/ux developer will work closely with the development team in an agile environment to design graphic elements, building navigation components, storyboard solutions, and implement changes per the approved requirements.  to be successful in this role, you should have experience with design software and wireframe tools, excellent interpersonal skills, and experience in the latest ui design standards. responsibilities:         direct the visual appearance of all new features and enhancements        drive innovation on new technology and industry standards as they pertain to multi-browser/device development and ux design        act as the user-advocate during the development process, subjecting early-stage designs to usability testing or expert review, and offering implementation suggestions from a user-centered perspective        act as "go to" with in-depth knowledge of user interface experience best practices and standards        collaborate on user experience planning with product owners, product management and agile teams.        create testable software components to insure module-level functionality and data structure consistency        ability to develop quickly and with high quality via sprints under the scrum methodology        work side-by-side with user experience designers, leveraging multimedia content creation applications and digital media to continuously strive for the best customer experience.        collaborate with business leaders, stakeholders and development teams to assist in prioritizing stories and working with the business analysts on building requirements for successful delivery        be prepared to review code and provide positive feedback with suggestions on how to improve performance, quality and delivery within the organizational standards and best practices        firm understanding and adherence to support section 508  preferred qualifications:         minimum 5 years experience        javascript with experience building uis with modern frameworks like typesript, bootstrap, angular, html5, and css3 is required        working knowledge of web server (iis/apache) technology        knowledge in programming and working with apis and restful web services        experience with responsive design techniques        experience with javascript testing frameworks with frameworks like jasmine, build tools like grunt or gulp, css preprocessors like sass or less, linting tools like csslint and jslint        demonstrate an interest and aptitude for learning new technologies and working as part of a team.        ability to work in a highly matrixed organizationprimary location:usa-st. louis-lacklandfunction:function - it product engineeringschedule:full time

city:
								st. louis
						

location_formattedlocationlong:
								st. louis, missouri  us
						

state:
								missouri
						

community / marketing title:
								ui/ux developer
						

company profile:


requisition number:
								j00048139
						

eeo employer verbiage:
								<p>equifax is an equal employment opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, or disability status.</p>
						





				apply
			


not ready to apply?
save for later


share this job





other jobs at equifax


product owner,  specialist

alpharetta, ga

devops engineer

alpharetta, ga

senior application developer

alpharetta, ga

software engineer, prod dev - intermediate

alpharetta, ga

lead big data engineer

leeds, uk-yh



search







® 2017 equifax, inc. all rights reservedequifax and the equifax marks used herein are trademarks of equifax inc. other product and company names mentioned herein are the property of their respective owners.privacy policy® 2017 equifax, inc. all rights reservedequifax and the equifax marks used herein are trademarks of equifax inc. other product and company names mentioned herein are the property of their respective owners.
privacy policy



