










user interface (ui) developer - pieriandx | enabling personalized medicine

















































user interface (ui) developer








 


                    user interface (ui) developer                









posted 7 months ago            




job description


work with a cross-functional team of scientists, software developers, engineers, and medical professionals to build highly intuitive and refined web user interfaces for our flagship product – the clinical genomicist workspace (cgw) – a clinical ngs informatics platform.


work with a user experience (ux) designer to translate graphic designs into web ui implementations.


mentor team members in the effective use of ui frameworks such bootstrap and angular.


maintain expertise in graphic design and web ui development technologies.


job requirements


bachelor’s degree in computer science (or related) and 5+ years of professional experience


highly proficient in web technologies and standards: osi model, http, html5, css3, javascript, json, ajax, angularjs/angular 2/angular 4, jquery, bootstrap


proficient in graphics design and mockup technologies – e.g. invision, adobe cc, etc.


proficient with automated ui testing frameworks such as jasmine, karma, mocha.


proficiency in the following technologies is highly desirable: react, nodejs, npm, d3, jquery, handlebars.js, backbone.js, maven, git/subversion, intellij, atlassian tools,linux, aws, spring boot


experience with agile methodology, using test-driven development


excellent command of written and spoken english


how to apply
position is located in st. louis, mo, and remote employment will not be considered. please send cover letter and resume to jobs@pieriandx.com.
all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, sex, color, religion, national origin, protected veteran status, or on the basis of disability, gender identity, and sexual orientation.















apply online



attach resume* 




submit








 








pieriandx
77 maryland plaza,
st. louis, missouri 63108


india office
pieriandx india pvt. ltd. 
gaurishankar, plot no. 22, 1st floor,
shivaji housing soc.,
senapati bapat road, pune 411016, india































  


  


  







copyright 2017 | all rights reserved by pieriandx





 
 













