
lamp/php/laravel developer job - flat world holdings (prologue technology / flat world supply chain / ram international) - st. louis, mo | indeed.com






















skip to job description, searchclose










find jobscompany reviewsfind salariesfind resumesemployers / post job







upload your resume


sign in







:







what
where





advanced job search


 

 



 



job title, keywords or company


city, state, or zip












lamp/php/laravel developer

flat world holdings (prologue technology / flat world supply chain / ram international)
     -
st. louis, mo


                $60,000 - $85,000 a year



job summaryflat world holdings is seeking a highly-efficient, well-rounded php developer to join it's growing team. prologue technology is the development team that powers the sister companies. we work to provide new and innovative solutions for the transportation industry, as well as custom application development for other customers.we are seeking a developer that has experience with front-end technologies, but thrives on the back-end. you will be a big part of a small team, your contributions will be immediately noticed, we move fast! prologue offers health/dental/vision insurance, 401k,paid vacation, paid holidays, and a competitive salary.we are currently seeking a developer to work on a few new projects using the latest and greatest technologies. you will be building applications that scale and run on amazon aws as well as google's cloud, and are developed using the latest version of laravel.we are located on maryville university's campus, right next to energizer.requirements:3+ years of building web applications with phpexperience interacting with web services.good understanding of database design, writing queries using joins, troubleshooting and optimizing queries.good understanding of object-oriented design.experience working with an mvc php framework (yii, fuel, zend, laravel)good understanding of css, html, js/jquery.bonuses:bigqueryangular.net experiencelinux cliapache httpdmvcormgithome brewer / beer snobplease let us know if you have any questions, we're looking forward to speaking with you.job type: full-timesalary: $60,000.00 to $85,000.00 /yearjob location:st. louis, morequired education:bachelor'srequired experience:php: 8 years

30+ days ago   -  save job









» apply now

            please review all application instructions before applying to flat world holdings (prologue technology / flat world supply chain / ram international).






other jobs you may like


php developer

chase professionals -
					st. louis, mo
7 days ago

 easily apply



senior php developer

chase professionals -
					st. louis, mo
7 days ago

 easily apply



php web developer

the timberline group -
					st. louis, mo
21 days ago





 









                        flat world holdings (prologue technology / flat world supply chain / ram international)


                prologue technology is a software development company which focuses on application development for the logistics industry.  we are just one...



let employers find youthousands of employers search for candidates on indeedupload your resume










about - help center


©2017 indeed - cookies, privacy and terms



let employers find you  upload your resume











