
magento eccomerce and web development job - blue stingray - st. louis, mo | indeed.com






















skip to job description, searchclose









find jobscompany reviewsfind salariesfind resumesemployers / post job







upload your resume


sign in







:







what
where





advanced job search


 

 



 



job title, keywords or company


city, state, or zip












magento eccomerce and web development

blue stingray
     -
st. louis, mo


e-commerce web developer - saint louis missourithe web developer is a position that requires technical support for multiple client websites. the e-commerce web developer will work with senior team members and clients directly to implement and manage on-going e-commerce and web projects.blue stingray is located downtown st. louis, mo. the position is direct hire (not contract). the salary will be based on qualifications.requirements: if you live in the united states you can work remotely if you have a solid track record and referrals.three years industry experience with magento and web development.experience with magento 1.x and 2.x.experience developing magento and wordpress extensions.ability to gather requirements or define issues sent to us from clients.interact with multiple clients.good knowledge of web development including php and mysql.knowledge of e-commerce management systems, flow and how to add modifications (magento, woocommerce, etc) is a must.ability to troubleshoot issues with websites and e-commerce platforms.communicate with clients as needed.strong understanding of a lamp development environment including repositories.about blue stingraythis will be a full-time positionhealth insurancevacation and sick daysmodern open work environmentwe are a stable growing software companyflexible work schedulejob type: full-timejob location:st. louis, morequired experience:magento: 3 years

30+ days ago   -  save job









» apply now

            please review all application instructions before applying to blue stingray.






other jobs you may like


atlassian admin

804 technology -
					st. louis, mo
2 days ago

 easily apply



wordpress developer

fuel travel -
					myrtle beach, sc
2 days ago

 easily apply



gynecologic oncology opportunity - st. louis,...

mercy -
					st. louis, mo
6 days ago


hostler - st louis mo

hirschbach motor lines -
					st. louis, mo
9 days ago


biometric screening specialist - st. louis, m...

aduro -
					st. louis, mo
6 days ago





 




                        blue stingray


                blue stingray is a saint louis based agency dedicated to building responsive websites, enterprise cloud solutions, and mobile apps focused...



let employers find youthousands of employers search for candidates on indeedupload your resume










about - help center


©2017 indeed - cookies, privacy and terms



let employers find you  upload your resume









indeed salary estimatewe know salary is a key component of your decision whether or not to apply for a job. so when the hiring company hasn’t provided a salary for a job, we look at salary data from related companies and locations to come up with a reasonable estimate for what you can expect.with over 450,000,000 salaries collected from other jobs and employees, we use one of the biggest salary databases in the world to inform these estimates. and because we are continually adding feedback from users like you, we are able to keep refining our accuracy.these salary estimates are not endorsed by the hiring companies and may vary from what’s actually offered, but we have a pretty great record of getting close enough for you to make an informed decision.is this your job listing? send us feedback to correct an inaccurate salary estimate.

