



























 toggle navigation  




home
capabilities
careers
our contracts
about
news
contact us









patriotismis part of our fabric





working with intec


as a service disabled veteran-owned business, patriotism is part of the fabric of who we are. intec associates engage in important roles supporting national security and maintaining our nations freedom.









computational thinking web developer/programmer (python)


location:
st. louis, missouri


job code:
513


# of openings:
1



description
intec, llc    is looking for a highly motivated and qualified professional to fill  computational thinking web developer/programmer (python)   position in st. louis mo. ideal candidates will have the ability to adapt quickly to a fast paced and dynamic environment for high impact, mission-critical intelligence operations
position description:
facilitate technical learning sessions on the subject of computer science and python scripting for clients. 
position roles and responsibilities
apply technical knowledge to assist clients in building computational thinking skills. facilitate multiple two-hour technical working sessions that review commercially available learning content on the subject of computer science and python scripting. lead dialog with clients to help build their understanding and mastery of technical skills in python. assist clients with scripts developed to ensure operability and that best practices are being leveraged to help them in their respective roles. 
application of mathematical disciplines may be required to ensure that scripting techniques are considered in the context of applying statistical theory. statistical theory will be used in the modeling, simulation, and large data analysis to deliver lasting, measurable improvements to the client organization.
position requirements
active and current ts sci security clearance
 
·              experience with multiple programming/scripting languages, with particular focus on python. other useful languages include java, javascript, ruby, c, c++, or perl
·              experience in working with relational databases, including oracle, mysql, or microsoft sql
·              experience in working with windows operating systems
·              experience with documenting development processes for use within training aides
 
 
intec, llc is a service disabled veteran owned small business (sdvosb) located in northern virginia. our mission is to provide high quality, cost effective solutions that will provide long term value to our customers and the nation. intec management believes our employees’ welfare is paramount to good business and so provides a compensation and benefits package which reflects our corporate policy and befits our seasoned professionals.
intec is an equal opportunity employer



















are you a returning applicant?












previous applicants:


email:





password:





if you do not remember your password click here.




back to search results


new search










join the intec family
send us your resume today!
submit your resume




our jobs
browse our jobs


our benefits
among the best in the industry


our culture
work and life balance at intec



















fairfax, virginia 22030
                        10306 eaton place, suite 520
                    








(703) 255-1524
                    intec office phone
                








email intec






0306 eaton place, suite 520fairfax, virginia 22030



office phone: (703) 255-1524


n
email intec








intec, is a service disabled veteran owned small business that employs professionals who have dedicated their professional lives to supporting the dod and/or federal agencies and want to continue serving their country in a flexible non-bureaucratic environment.


for intec employees

 adp portal
 timesheets
 web mail



awards & recognition













site map

home
capabilities
careers
our contracts
about us
news
contact us

intec, llc is an iso 9001-2008 certified company. © 2016 intec, llc.













