 


big data engineer in boston, ma | open positions jobs at eliassen



























































eliassen
                





 search jobs












recent searches







skip to main content

toggle navigation






                
                                                            "                                         



menu 


careers home

contact


about


legal & privacy


internal careers


submit your resume


blog


consultant advocate program


job cart







 
                                        
                                        "
                                        
                
            









your job has been added to the job cart.




welcome to










big data engineer
boston, ma
requisition number: 265624
employment type: contract











add to job cart 


                    job type: contract
                    job id : 265624
                
apply now





position summary
job id# 265624 contract length: 6+ months our client is a foremost authority on developing and disseminating educational literature. focused on impacting young learners, our client’s work increases accessibility to educational materials - bridging gaps in opportunity and achievement. our client is seeking a big data engineer to join their dedicated team.  applicant must be willing to work on a w-2 basis. what you'll do:  build data platform to support various business use cases collaborate with it team members and business stakeholders on project goals design, build, test, deploy and maintain highly scalable data management platforms monitor performance and recommending infrastructure changes define data retention and security policies plus data governance  who you are:  5+ years in information technology along with 2 years of big data experience experience with data modeling, design and governance comfortable with continuous integration and deployment sql-based technologies experience with nosql databases such as hbase, cassandra, mongodb experience with some combination of the following technologies:   python, c/c++, java, r. (will consider other languages but must have at least 2) requires statistical analysis, predictive modeling, npl and text analysis good knowledge of big data querying tools such as pig, hive and impala and big data ml toolkits experience with digital marketing analytics tools such as adobe or google analytics would be a plus ability to work in a collaborative and agile team environment excellent oral and written communication skills  about eliassen group: eliassen group provides strategic talent solutions to drive our clients’ innovation and business results. leveraging nearly 30 years of success, our expertise in it staffing, agile consulting, creative services, managed services, and life sciences enables us to partner with our clients to execute their business strategy and scale effectively. headquartered in reading, ma and with offices from coast to coast, eliassen group offers local community presence, deep networks, as well as national reach. for more information, visit http://www.eliassen.com. eliassen group is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer. all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status. don’t miss out on our referral program! if we hire a candidate that you refer us to then you can be eligible for a $1,000 referral check!
requisition number: 

email this job 
to access this job from another computer, email this information to yourself or a friend.








from name





to email address











job location



 previous job
next job 






get notified for similar jobs
sign up to receive job alerts


activate 





















about us
      
community
      
press releases
      
consultant advocate program
      


internal careers
      
careers info
      
internal referral program
      
resource specialist program
      


services
      
technology staffing
          


agile consulting
          




creative services
          




managed services
          




eg life sciences
      




biometrics & data solutions
          




government services
          




blog
      
eliassen blog
      
agile blog
      
eg biometrics blog 
      
contact us
      


















©eliassen group 2017
      privacy statement 
       • 
      legal notices
      
















