
lead ruby developer job - concordia publishing house - st. louis, mo | indeed.com






















skip to job description, searchclose










find jobscompany reviewsfind salariesfind resumesemployers / post job







upload your resume


sign in







:







what
where





advanced job search


 

 



 



job title, keywords or company


city, state, or zip












lead ruby developer

concordia publishing house


8 reviews
 -
st. louis, mo 63118


concordia publishing house is seeking an experienced lead developer to join its emerging products department. developers in ep contribute to the creation and maintenance of web applications, and are responsible for the internal and external quality of source code. they work well as a team and are dedicated to learning and improving their craft.responsibilities include:develop new features guided by automated tests.resolve alerts in the target time.refactor source code.contribute to the design (visual and architectural).learn new techniques or languages to grow as a developer.determine when changes are ready to deploy and perform releases.review coworkers’ pull requests to oversee architecture decisions and provide coaching.participate in project planning.the ideal candidate will:possess a degree in computer science or comparable experience.have experience maintaining a web application in production.show solid understanding of web development (http, dns, client-server architecture, etc.)demonstrate competency writing html and css.have solid experience with ruby, rails, javascript, and coffeescript.possess competency with git, with git-based workflows, and with deploying from version control.be competent with the linux command line.have working knowledge of relational databases; read and write sql queries.write unit and integration tests and use test doubles.apply the principles of object-oriented programming.cph is mission focused, customer driven, and exists for the purpose of providing christian resources that meet the needs of its customers. cph offers competitive pay and a comprehensive benefits package featuring medical, dental, prescription drug, and vision care benefits; disability and survivor benefits; accidental death insurance; and a company provided retirement plan and an optional 403(b) retirement plan featuring a company match. many other benefits are provided to cph employees including free parking, business casual dress code that includes jeans, tuition reimbursement, and a friendly, team-oriented work environment with a management culture that solicits and recognizes employees for their ideas on opportunities to continually improve the company and our service to customers. we are looking for the best candidates to share in our vision.for more information on cph go to www.cph.org.job type: full-time

29 days ago   -  save job









» apply now

            please review all application instructions before applying to concordia publishing house.






other jobs you may like


experienced carpenter

elevate development -
					st. louis, mo
1 day ago

 easily apply



kitchen staff

hooters of america -
					st. louis, mo
30+ days ago


senior medical science liaison, solid tumor o...

johnson & johnson family of companies -
					st. louis, mo
12 days ago


help wanted

fortel's pizza den -
					mackenzie, mo
job spotter - 
					11 days ago


management trainee

buckle -
					st. louis, mo
30+ days ago





 




                        concordia publishing house



8 reviews



let employers find youthousands of employers search for candidates on indeedupload your resume










about - help center


©2017 indeed - cookies, privacy and terms



let employers find you  upload your resume










indeed salary estimatewe know salary is a key component of your decision whether or not to apply for a job. so when the hiring company hasn’t provided a salary for a job, we look at salary data from related companies and locations to come up with a reasonable estimate for what you can expect.with over 450,000,000 salaries collected from other jobs and employees, we use one of the biggest salary databases in the world to inform these estimates. and because we are continually adding feedback from users like you, we are able to keep refining our accuracy.these salary estimates are not endorsed by the hiring companies and may vary from what’s actually offered, but we have a pretty great record of getting close enough for you to make an informed decision.is this your job listing? send us feedback to correct an inaccurate salary estimate.

