


careers center - web developer














































please enable cookies to continue
please enable cookies in your browser to experience all the personalized features of this site, including the ability to apply for a job.







welcome page







returning candidate?

log back in!












web developer


job location

us-co-centennial

posted date

1 week ago



job id

2017-2502


# of openings

0









overview






evolver is a technology company serving the federal, commercial, and legal markets that addresses client challenges in the present and transitions clients into the future by introducing efficient and effective it solutions. established in 2000, evolver has successfully grown to be a trusted technology leader. evolver’s efforts and growth have been recognized by leading publications and organizations, including inc. 5000 for five consecutive years, and most recently “future 50” from smartceo. with a dedicated focus on client satisfaction, evolver has proven its value time and time again, from managing day-to-day operations to skillfully navigating the implementation and support of new technologies. evolver’s core competencies are infrastructure, application development, cybersecurity, cloud, end-user support, data analytics and legal services. we believe our employees are key to our success and continued growth. we attract and retain our diverse workforce by promoting a work-life balance with generous and flexible time off, competitive compensation and benefits, and a commitment to professional development. when you join evolver, you join a community of talented and dedicated individuals whose abilities, skills, and actions contribute to the success of the company. evolver is seeking a web developer to work in the greater denver, co area. 








essential job duties and responsibilities






work with various javascript libraries and frameworks to manage front-end application requirements;designing, producing, documenting, and testing javascript code.








minimum qualifications and requirements






web developer with extensive javascript experience and knowledge on top of standard web technologies;work well within the team and proactive hands-on project participation;agile and scrum knowledge and application;development and quality assurance documentation.minimum 3+ years hands on development








technical requirements (required and desired)






extensive experience in javascript (es5+), html, css, less/scss/sass;unit testing frameworks: jasmine, unitjs/mocha, qunit, karma, casper, jest;libraries/frameworks: bootstrap, jquery, angularjs/2, ember, knockout, react, node, vue 2.0, babel, redux;task runners: gulp, grunt, mimosa;design patterns, dependency injection;excellent verbal and written communication skills;a team player with an ability to own projects and interface with the client.








training and certifications (required and desired)






degree in computer science or equivalent work experience.certifications are a plus








eoe statement






at evolver, we foster teamwork, growth, individuality and entrepreneurialism. we value employee opinions and encourage them to make a difference by getting involved and being thought-leaders. as a part of the evolver team, we actively promote a working and learning environment that supports a highly qualified workforce and a quality of work life that is based on trust and respect for all employees resulting in a healthy and trusting organizational culture. evolver, inc. is an equal opportunity employer (eoe). qualified applicants are considered for employment without regard to age, race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, disability or veteran status. evolver offers a comprehensive benefits plan including (but not limited to): medical, dental, vision, 401(k), life, ad&d and short term and long term disability insurance. 





options

apply for this job onlineapplysharerefer this job to a friendrefer


sorry the share function is not working properly at this moment. please refresh the page and try again later.

share on your newsfeed





application faqssoftware powered by icimswww.icims.com









