



loxo - loxo - full stack developer - vctry ltd































full stack developer
loxo
denver, co

who are we?loxo is a denver-based startup building a machine intelligence saas platform.  we are a pioneer in the emerging web 3.0 era, and will revolutionize the field of talent acquisition. the individuals on our team are top performers in their fields.  we believe that the quality and talent of the individuals on our team is our single greatest advantage, and we plan to build something extraordinary together.  we are a highly collaborative and supportive group with a team-first ethos.  we are obsessive about making the world a better place, and about making an entire industry better.who are we looking for?a full-stack web developer on the correct end of the dunning-kruger spectrum - someone who is both high-performing and humble.  we are a scrappy team competing in an incredibly hot space; we want someone who is tenacious, lives by the kaizen ethos, and has a winner's mentality. specifically, we are looking for someone with these traits:a love for learning and a track-record of professional growthdesire to be the world's besta resilient, positive attitudea commitment to excellencean intense competitive spirita team playerintellectual curiosityability to get things donecan code your way out of a wet paper bag - maybe literally - likely with ruby and javascriptinterest in being on the leading edge of artificial intelligence and machine learningcharacter, kindness, integrity and accountabilitya healthy work/life balanceorientation towards making things better (and more fun)loves startups - and has an appetite for taking risksability to give and receive radical candorwe will provide you with a lot of coaching and mentorship, as well as a lot of autonomy and freedom, so you can achieve mastery in your craft. this is a full-time position with an amazing team, and we'd love to have you in our brand new office in the hip rino neighborhood (see pic below); however under the right circumstances we may consider the option for you to work remotely. we are building an extraordinary team, and will offer a competitive compensation plan that matches our ambitions and rewards you for your talent and contributions.loxo provides equal employment opportunities (eeo) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability or genetics.



apply


















thank you for requesting a demo. we'll be in touch soon.





{{ error }}





















request a demo













