



job application for email developer / designer at ibotta
























          apply now
        
email developer / designer

        at ibotta
      
(view all jobs)

        denver
      


ibotta is reimagining the shopping experience, and it starts with killer design. 
the email developer / designer will report to our creative director and work with our marketing and creative teams to build email communications for a variety of tactics across the organization. while html development will be the main focus, the position will also allow for design input and work on other creative projects. the ideal candidate will be an expert in html, have advance knowledge of major email client renderings while also being a competent designer.
here is what you’ll be doing:

produce modern html email from design comps, ensuring exceptionally high quality to support our marketing efforts
ensure rendering consistency of email campaigns
optimize graphic elements for desktop and mobile devices
working closely and collaborating with other departments to ensure emails adhere to brand standards and email best practices

here is what we are looking for:

1-3 years of relevant experience developing and coding emails and templates, preferably within a corporate environment.
expert html/css skills
knowledge of rendering requirements for relevant email clients (apple mail, gmail, outlook) for web and mobile.
proficiency with adobe creative suite
litmus knowledge preferred
javascript knowledge a plus

about us:
headquartered in denver, co, ibotta (“i bought a...“) is transforming the shopping experience by making it easy for consumers to earn cash back on everyday purchases through a single smartphone app. the company partners with leading brands and retailers to offer rebates on groceries, electronics, clothing, gifts, home and office supplies, restaurant dining, and more. ibotta is the premier destination for rewarded shopping on mobile and has paid out more than $250 million in cash back to its users. launched in 2012, ibotta has 23 million downloads and is one of the five most frequently used shopping apps in the united states.
additional details:

this position is located in denver, co and includes competitive pay, benefits package (including medical, dental, vision), 401k, commuter stipend, and equity.
ibotta provides equal employment opportunities (eeo) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, and genetics.
applicants must be currently authorized to work in the united states on a full-time basis.








apply for this job

* required
        











(optional)

almost there! review your information then click 'submit application' to apply.



first name *



last name *



email *



phone *



resume/cv


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 














cover letter


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 

















how many years of email development experience do you have?
    





linkedin profile
    





website
    





how did you hear about this position? if referred by a current ibotta employee, please include their name. *






what are your compensation requirements? *






will you now or in the future require ibotta to commence ("sponsor") an immigration case in order to employ you (for example, h-1b or other employment-based immigration case)? this is sometimes called "sponsorship" for an employment-based visa status. *



--
yes
no


are you authorized to work lawfully in the united states for ibotta?  *



--
yes
no








 



share this job:    













powered by 

 
      read our privacy policy
















