
sr. software developer job - sensera systems - golden, co | indeed.com






















skip to job description, searchclose









find jobscompany reviewsfind salariesfind resumesemployers / post job







upload your resume


sign in







:







what
where





advanced job search


 

 



 



job title, keywords or company


city, state, or zip












sr. software developer

sensera systems
     -
golden, co


                $110,000 a year



descriptionthe senior software developer will participate in all phases of sensera's software efforts including creation of new tools and applications, enhancement and additions to existing software, and troubleshooting, debugging, and maintenance efforts. software technology in use includes cloud based java web servers, javascript/html/css web applications, and embedded java and c++. we are also making use of a variety of other technology such as image and video processing and wireless communications. this position will have opportunities to do work in all of these areas.responsibilitiesmaintain, troubleshoot, and make additions to the software behind sensera's cloud based web services.develop new web applications using javascript, jquery, html, and css and maintain/make changes to existing ones.help to maintain sensera's cloud server architecture and assist in its expansion and scaling.assist in embedded software development with an emphasis in image and video processing and communications.provide technical assistance to sales, manufacturing, and tech support on software related questions and issues.languages: java, javascript, sqlframeworks: jquerydatabases: mysqlqualificationsbachelor's degree or higher in computer science or related field7-10 years of professional software development experiencedemonstrable advanced proficiency with javaa practical understanding of web services and common web application architecture.a history of rapidly learning and effectively using a variety of software development tools.relational database design, tuning, and administration expertise is a plusexpertise in image processing is a plus but not essential (you will probably be asked to learn something about it).ability to work productively as part of a very small team, that is, often independently and with a smaller than average amount of guidance.job type: full-timesalary: $110,000.00 /yearrequired education:bachelor'srequired experience:software development: 7 years

30+ days ago   -  save job









» apply now

            please review all application instructions before applying to sensera systems.






other jobs you may like


sr. software developer

spectrum -
					englewood, co
14 days ago


.net senior software developer

imagine communications -
					denver, co
23 days ago


sr. software developer

maxum group -
					denver, co
9 days ago

 easily apply



sr. software engineer (as&c developer flight...

sierra nevada corporation -
					louisville, co
30 days ago


java senior software developer

nasdaq -
					lakewood, co
9 days ago





 









                        sensera systems


                sensera systems is a rapidly growing (profitable!) young company that designs and manufactures solar/wireless cameras and remote monitoring...



let employers find youthousands of employers search for candidates on indeedupload your resume










about - help center


©2017 indeed - cookies, privacy and terms



let employers find you  upload your resume









indeed salary estimatewe know salary is a key component of your decision whether or not to apply for a job. so when the hiring company hasn’t provided a salary for a job, we look at salary data from related companies and locations to come up with a reasonable estimate for what you can expect.with over 450,000,000 salaries collected from other jobs and employees, we use one of the biggest salary databases in the world to inform these estimates. and because we are continually adding feedback from users like you, we are able to keep refining our accuracy.these salary estimates are not endorsed by the hiring companies and may vary from what’s actually offered, but we have a pretty great record of getting close enough for you to make an informed decision.is this your job listing? send us feedback to correct an inaccurate salary estimate.

