






monster solutions
						    web software developer - (p16a-cm-co05073)
					




































 this site attempts to protect users against 
	cross-site request forgeries  attacks. in order to do so, you must have javascript enabled in your web browser otherwise this site will fail to work correctly for you.
	 see details of your web browser for how to enable javascript.


 









federal contracting subsidiaries









saxman group subsidiaries






attention safari users: this site requires cookies to function. please click here to accept the cookie. cookies will be used strictly for the functioning of the site.






 




jump to









toggle navigation









 job search


 view all jobs




 create account


 login


 help 

instructions on this page
help on this page
















 


job details



web software developer - (p16a-cm-co05073)
×close this details all the information about the job posting.     












share this job as a link in your status update to linkedin.











														
																	job title
																
															

								web software developer
															



														
																	job description
																
															

concentric methods is seeking an experienced web software developer to support the department of interior it programming applications & services support for human resources directorate. essential functions and responsibilities 
the web developer shall be responsible for:
analyze program, subsystem requirements and specifications as well as to develop data flow and logic diagrams.  
recommend software tools to increase efficiencies and increase accuracy where possible.  
design and develops modules to accomplish system functions.  
design web-based applications in support of analysis and validating migration efforts as well as in support of web-based training.  
develop programs/modules from specifications using coldfusion, hyperion performance suite, oracle business intelligence or other appropriate applications as determined by the federal staff.  
the contractor shall develop procedures to manage data and security using ibm mainframe utilities, unix/linux utilities and windows desktop operating system and other appropriate tools.  
test, debug, and modify computer programs.  
develop test data, test environments, and test procedures which allow modules/programs to run as part of the overall system.  
prepare program documentation to identify all modifications done to any existing program.  
assist in the implementation of clients onto the ibc systems and assist with the resolution of development and migration problems.  
design and modify modules/programs to reduce operating time and improve efficiency where possible.  
perform these functions in ibm main frame, unix/linux, pc/lan, and/or other computer environments as determined by federal staff.  
when requested, the contractor shall assist other ibc divisions with special projects that are within the contractors area of expertise.
other duties as assigned.
 




														
																	travel
																
															





														
																	shift type
																
															





														
																	job type
																
															

								full-time
															



														
																	date needed by
																
															





														
																	salary grade
																
															





														
																	job requirements
																
															

high school diploma and two (2) years of experience in information technology (it) or related field
must have authorization to work in the united states as defined by the immigration reform act of 1986. 
cape fox corporation, its subsidiaries, and joint ventures will provide equal employment opportunities to all persons and prohibits employment decisions on the basis of race, religion, color, creed, national origin, sex, age, disabling condition, political affiliation, protected veterans status, or sexual orientation. cape fox corporation, its subsidiaries and joint ventures offer preference to cape fox corporation shareholders, descendants and other native americans pursuant to public law 100-241.




														
																	category
																
															

								information technology
															



														
																	career level
																
															

								experienced (non-manager)
															



														
																	hiring manager
																
															





														
																	location
																
															

								department of interior - ibc - lakewood, co 80235 us (primary)




														
																	exemption type
																
															





														
																	education
																
															

								high school
															



														
																	# of hires needed
																
															

								1
															



 







 
 apply to this job


 
or



















 top of page


						v14.3.5.1 | copyright © 2017 monster - all rights reserved - u.s. patent no. 5,832,497 - nyse: mww 
													powered by monster.
											



					cape fox corporation, its subsidiaries and affiliates provide equal employment opportunities to all persons and prohibit employment decisions on the basis of race, religion, color, creed, national origin, sex, age, disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, or sexual orientation. cape fox corporation, its subsidiaries and affiliates offer preference to cape fox corporation shareholders, descendants and other native americans pursuant to public law 100-241.
				





















