





front end development engineer  job in lone tree, co at schwab




































charles schwab corporation




who we are
what we do
leadership
careers
citizenship
perspectives





investor relations

governance
news room









diversity
financial consultants
grads and students
veterans
women
events







 careers home
> job details




front end development engineer





apply now
       







job id: 20170725-3776
job category: information technology
relevant work experience: it-distributed and web development-6+ yrs, it-distributed and web development-2-5 yrs
current licenses / certifications: none


position located in: co - lone tree
education: ba/bs
job type: full time






                		 description: lone tree - co, denr2, 9800 schwab way, 80124michelle rocke20170725-3776we believe that, when done right, investing liberates people to create their own destiny. we are driven by our purpose to champion every client’s goals with passion and integrity. we respect and appreciate the diversity of our employees, our clients, and the communities we serve. we challenge conventions strategically to create value for our clients, our firm and the world. we live and bring to life the concept of ‘own your tomorrow’ every day. we champion our employee strengths, guide their development, and invest in their long-term success. we hire optimistic, results-oriented, curious, innovative, and adaptable people with the desire to help our clients and one another succeed.
as a company, we were established by chuck over 40 years ago to champion main street over wall street, and to help americans transform themselves from earners to owners. through advocacy and innovation, we work to make investing more affordable, accessible and understandable for all. as we enter our fifth decade, we are looking for talented, innovative and driven people who believe they can help themselves, and our clients, create a better future.
our opportunity:
charles schwab investment management (csim) technology is part of the schwab technology services (sts) organization which is responsible for the company’s use of information technology including all telecommunications, operations and client and business applications.
csim technology is aligned to support the technology needs of charles schwab investment management inc. (csim) which is the investment advisor for schwab’s proprietary mutual funds, referred to as the schwab funds; and it includes schwab’s exchange-traded funds, referred to as the schwab etfs™. with over $300bn in assets under management, csim is the 3rd largest provider of index mutual funds and the 5th largest provider of efts.
this staff position within csim technology reports to the sr. manager and will provide technical expertise for the operations, finance, performance, and policies / controls technology team. the individual will play a key role in developing solutions sponsored by the chief operating officer. 
what you’ll do:
this is a developer role based in denver, co, working across the software development lifecycle across the business product areas. it will include building and realizing the strategy for the teams to support the dynamic needs of the csim business.
this role includes building the platform to support the operations, finance, performance, and policies / controls teams with a focus on improving the software quality, platform and technology service provided to the csim business.
in addition to the functional responsibilities within the technology organization, the role will include playing a pivotal role in the development of the strategic technology platform, building proprietary applications where a competitive advantage can be gained and integrating and managing industry leading vendor software to provide a cohesive, flexible platform which can scale effectively for future business growth.     
what you have:
this role requires a highly motivated, organized and experienced developer with pride of ownership reflected through clean design, code quality and a disciplined software development approach.
qualifications & experience

at least three to five years’ experience participating in the software development lifecycle leveraging the latest methodologies and industry applicable technologies such as scrum, kanban, or similar agile practices. 
at least 5 years’ experience writing software  with a strong breadth of capabilities including c#, sql, html5, javascript, node.js, and restful services.
experience with responsive web design, design patterns, database design, java, or continuous integration and continuous development are a plus.
proven record of delivering technology solutions within agreed upon timeframes
substantiated experience on supporting junior staff and helping promote a high performance work environments
skilled communicator and negotiator with exceptional written, verbal, presentation, and interpersonal skills
prior financial services experience a plus

personal characteristics

shows a commitment to high ethical standards and integrity and demonstrates this through action
excellent written communication, presentation and facilitation skills
inquisitive, analytical, a strategic thinker, proactive and solutions-oriented
high-energy, positive, entrepreneurial in spirit while goal-oriented and results-driven
self-starter; takes initiative and can work independently
well-organized and disciplined with high attention to detail
direct, plain-spoken; conveys a genuine/authentic demeanor 

what you’ll get:

comprehensive compensation and benefits package
financial health: 401k match, employee stock purchase plan, employee discounts, personalized advice, brokerage discounts
work/life balance: sabbatical, paid parental leave, new mothers returning to work program, tuition reimbursement programs, time off to volunteer, employee matching gifts program
everyday wellness: health and lifestyle wellness rewards, onsite fitness classes, healthy food choices, wellness champions
inclusion: employee resource groups, commitment to diversity, strategic partnerships
not just a job, but a career, with an opportunity to do the best work of your life

 
learn more about life@schwab.charles schwab & co., inc. is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer committed to diversifying its workforce. it is schwab's policy to provide equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding, or related medical conditions), gender identity or expression, national origin, ancestry, age, disability, legally protected medical condition, genetic information, marital status, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, military status, citizenship status or any other status that is protected by law.    
                		 job specifications 

relocation offered?:
no


work schedule:
days


languages:
english - spoken


current licenses / certifications:
none


relevant work experience:
it-distributed and web development-6+ yrs, it-distributed and web development-2-5 yrs


position located in:
co - lone tree


education:
ba/bs


job type:
full time


  
						 category:information technology 
                		 activation date: thursday, august 10, 2017   
                		 expiration date: saturday, november 11, 2017 
apply here


apply now
       



link for schema



















                    brokerage products: not
                    fdic insured • no bank guarantee • may lose value
                



            charles schwab & co., inc. is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer committed to diversifying its workforce.  it is schwab's policy to provide equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex  (including pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding, or related medical conditions), gender identity or expression,  national origin, ancestry, age, disability, legally protected medical condition, genetic information, marital status, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, military status, citizenship status or any other status that is protected by law.  schwab also does not discriminate against applicants or employees because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant.
        

            at schwab, we believe that every employee, through their diverse abilities and experiences, can contribute to our growth, innovation and client loyalty. we embrace diversity and are committed to providing equal opportunity to all employees and applicants. if you have a disability, and require reasonable accommodations in the application process, call human resources at 800-725-3535. we will be happy to assist you. schwab will only share your accommodation request with those individuals who have a specific need to know. the request for an accommodation will not affect schwab’s hiring decisions. all other submissions should be performed online.
        

            the charles schwab corporation provides a full range of securities, brokerage, banking, money
            management, and financial advisory services through its operating subsidiaries. its broker-dealer
            subsidiary, charles schwab & co., inc. (“schwab”), 
                member
                sipc
            , offers investment services and products, including schwab brokerage accounts. its banking
            subsidiary, charles schwab bank (member fdic and an equal housing lender), provides deposit and lending
            services and products.
        








 © charles schwab & co., inc. (member sipc) all rights reserved. (1115-7068)

contact

site map
schwab.com




facebook
twitter
youtube
linkedin
google plus



powered by smashfly





