
front-end web developer job - firepoint solutions - centennial, co | indeed.com






















skip to job description, searchclose









find jobscompany reviewsfind salariesfind resumesemployers / post job







upload your resume


sign in







:







what
where





advanced job search


 

 



 



job title, keywords or company


city, state, or zip












front-end web developer

firepoint solutions
     -
centennial, co


                indeed salary estimate: $98,000 - $124,000 a year




job summaryfirepoint is ready to explode. as the real estate industry’s hottest crm solution, the company is primed for exceptional growth through innovation and execution of our product strategy. we have the core ingredients in place with a dedicated technical team driven to pursue excellence and a world-class crm platform. we are looking for a front-end web developer who is motivated to combine the art of design with the art of programming. responsibilities will include translation of the ui/ux design wireframes to actual code that will produce visual elements of the application. you will work with the ui/ux designer and bridge the gap between graphical design and technical implementation, taking an active role on both sides and defining how the application looks as well as how it works. the core of our development effort is focused on our various web applications, mobile applications (ios, android).responsibilities and dutiesthough every member of our development team spends the majority of their time writing code, we are really looking for an engineer who shares our focus on and care for the success of our product and business. we love to work with engineers who are just as comfortable talking about low-level memory allocation, big-picture api architecture, enhancing the user experience, as discussing the prioritization of various product initiatives from user, business, and development perspectives. our developers are equal parts user-advocate, architect, and coder.lots of coding! work in a dynamic atmosphere of changing requirements and scopedevelop new user-facing featuresbuild reusable code and libraries for future useensure the technical feasibility of ui/ux designsoptimize application for maximum speed and scalabilityassure that all user input is validated before submitting to back-endcollaborate with other team members and stakeholdersparticipate in discussions & brainstorming sessions on architecture, design, and logic/algorithmsparticipate in review of new features and product direction with the product and design teamsexpert understanding of web markup, including html5, css3expert understanding of server-side css pre-processing platforms, such as less and sassexpert understanding of client-side scripting and javascript frameworks, including jquerypride in shipping beautiful, clean, and easily-maintainable code.loves to code collaborativelybe a self-starter who requires little day to day supervision/directionnecessary background and experience: 8+ years in developmentbachelor’s degree or above in computer science and computer information systemsability to deal with ambiguity and work successfully with a globally distributed teamadaptable, enthusiastic, and willing to take ownershiprequired skillset: ruby on rails: 5 yearsjavascript: 5 yearsandroid: 3 yearsios: 3 yearsfamiliarity with: oo-programming, mvc, jira, git, agile, scrumexceptional written, and verbal communication skillsinquisitive, analytical, and creative problem solverjob type: full-time

2 days ago   -  save job









» apply now

            please review all application instructions before applying to firepoint solutions.






other jobs you may like


senior front end developer

high country search group -
					englewood, co
2 days ago

 easily apply



full-stack javascript developer

bombbomb -
					denver, co
13 days ago


angular 2 front-end developer

talent recruiters, inc. -
					highlands ranch, co
21 days ago


web ui developer

nasdaq -
					lakewood, co
9 days ago


web developer, sr (front-end) (2) (contract -...

compri -
					centennial, co
13 days ago

 easily apply






 




                        firepoint solutions


                we believe there is a simpler and more effective way to grow and run a real estate team. whether you are a single agent looking to create a...



let employers find youthousands of employers search for candidates on indeedupload your resume










about - help center


©2017 indeed - cookies, privacy and terms



let employers find you  upload your resume









indeed salary estimatewe know salary is a key component of your decision whether or not to apply for a job. so when the hiring company hasn’t provided a salary for a job, we look at salary data from related companies and locations to come up with a reasonable estimate for what you can expect.with over 450,000,000 salaries collected from other jobs and employees, we use one of the biggest salary databases in the world to inform these estimates. and because we are continually adding feedback from users like you, we are able to keep refining our accuracy.these salary estimates are not endorsed by the hiring companies and may vary from what’s actually offered, but we have a pretty great record of getting close enough for you to make an informed decision.is this your job listing? send us feedback to correct an inaccurate salary estimate.

