


university of phoenix jobs - front end web developer-college for financial planning in denver, colorado, united states


















































 who we are
 corporate responsibility
 our culture
 our benefits
 become a faculty team member










who we are
corporate responsibility
our culture
our benefits
become a faculty member






we change the lives of our students, their families and future generations through higher education





please look carefully at the job location for each job before applying.  if the job location does not say “virtual/online” the position requires the applicant to teach at the local campus/city listed.




where



what



view all jobsview all university of phoenix jobsveterans searchconnect with us













            
                
                    university of phoenix jobs
                
            
        






where

city, state, country


what

job title, keywords











home

            view all jobs
            
(138)












university of phoenix


front end web developer-college for financial planning in
            
denver, colorado








overview
the front end web developer plays a key role in the design and development of current and planned web applications and web services.
responsibilities

design and develop rich user interfaces for internal and customer facing web applications.
participate in planning and provide input to the design and architecture of the projects.
design the templates (css/html) and javascript framework that will be the toolbox for rapid development of the colleges online educational system.
work closely with the back end team to port asp.net applications to modern front-end frameworks and backend .net core apis.
create a strategy to provide both modern functionality and backwards browser compatibility for new websites

qualifications
basic requirements:
• bachelor’s degree with a focus on computer science, technology, ecommerce, analytics, design or marketing.
• five years of experience hand-coding web-based applications using html and css
• three years of experience with javascript and jquery
• experience developing responsive web applications
• experience with front-end frameworks such as angular or react
• experience with css and javascript frameworks such as bootstrap, ember, etc.
• experience with restful services and apis
• experience designing with css and css preprocessing (sass and less)
• basic graphics design skills and experience with photoshop, illustrator or gimp
• knowledge of package management tools and build automation (npm, webpack, grunt, gulp, etc.)
• knowledge of web standards and browser compatibility
• experience with unit testing and tools such as jasmine, karma, etc.
• experience with versioning and source control, preferably git
additional responsibilites:
• programming experience with c# or java
• experience with telerik tools and kendo ui components
• familiar with development tools such as visual studio
• comfortable working with both windows and linux target platforms
• working knowledge of relational databases and basic sql
• experience with agile methodologies such as scrum
• demonstrate a willingness to learn
• excellent written and oral communication skills
company college for fin plan institute
job family information technology
virtual eligible no
requisition id 2017-9238
position type full-time









apply now





apply now


share















current search criteria




              front end web developer-college ...
            



              denver
            



              colorado
            

clear all










 	©  apollo education group inc. all rights reserved.
 	apollo education group is an equal opportunity employer. we will consider all qualified applicants for employment without regard to race, color, national origin, age, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, protected veteran status or disability status.
eeo policy
eeo law
eeo is the law-supplemental
accommodations
contact us


            the university of phoenix annual security report can be found here: http://www.phoenix.edu/content/dam/altcloud/doc/about_uopx/annual-security-report.pdf. if you would like a paper copy of the report, please contact a campus security authority or any university representative to request one.
	



















