





associate  job in software development engineer  at schwab




































charles schwab corporation




who we are
what we do
leadership
careers
citizenship
perspectives





investor relations

governance
news room









diversity
financial consultants
grads and students
veterans
women
events







 careers home
> job details




associate - software development engineer





apply now
       







job id: 20170413-1803
job category: information technology
relevant work experience: it-other specialty engineering-less than 2 yrs
current licenses / certifications: none


position located in: co - lone tree
education: ba/bs
job type: full time






                		 description: lone tree - co, denr3, 9800 schwab way, 80124jeanie bannon20170413-1803we believe that, when done right, investing liberates people to create their own destiny. we are driven by our purpose to champion every client’s goals with passion and integrity. we respect and appreciate the diversity of our employees, our clients, and the communities we serve. we challenge conventions strategically to create value for our clients, our firm and the world. we live and bring to life the concept of ‘own your tomorrow’ every day. we champion our employee strengths, guide their development, and invest in their long-term success. we hire optimistic, results-oriented, curious, innovative, and adaptable people with the desire to help our clients and one another succeed.
as a company, we were established by chuck over 40 years ago to champion main street over wall street, and to help americans transform themselves from earners to owners. through advocacy and innovation, we work to make investing more affordable, accessible and understandable for all.  as we enter our fifth decade, we are looking for talented, innovative and driven people who believe they can help themselves, and our clients, create a better future.
our opportunity:
charles schwab has been a leader in financial services for over four decades, working to make investing more affordable, accessible and understandable to all. driven by our purpose to champion every client’s goals with passion and integrity, we’re committed to providing an environment that respects and appreciates the diversity of our employees, our clients, and the communities we serve. our goal, as seen through clients' eyes, is that schwab continuously improves on being a premier financial service provider through best in class service, technology, products, people and advice. the trading and mutual fund technology teams are in the midst of re-architecting and rebuilding our core enterprise software platform to support our rapidly growing and evolving business.
what you’ll do:
we are looking for a motivated junior developer to join our applications development team.

as a member of the development team you will participate in the design, development, and implementation of web applications, restful web services, database procedures, and etl processes using ssis and other tools.
you will also participate in various software engineering projects using advanced development patterns and component-based architecture.
you will actively collaborate with the team in ongoing product development - design, development, review, integration, test, and deployment activities.
you possess and will develop the ability to be self-directed and able to work with an extended, distributed team to deliver products in a timely manner.
contribute to the team efforts by bringing in ideas and knowledge of latest technologies and techniques and be comfortable working in a fast-paced development environment.

what you have:
you should possess a keen desire and passion to learn and produce usable and scalable software using advanced development technologies.  as a developer you will design, develop, and deploy enterprise applications using c# and .net primarily, that adhere to corporate security and compliance guidelines.
the following qualifications are sought for this technical position:

coursework and/or experience developing software in the .net framework and/or java enterprise frameworks.
coursework and/or experience with any one or more of the following: c#, restful services, mvc, database procedures, scripting, jquery, javascript, ajax, html/css, or asp.net web forms
development expertise with the visual studio ide, knowledge of model-view-controller (mvc) architecture or mvvm
knowledge of agile/scrum development methodology is preferred
bachelor's degree in computer science or related discipline
strong interpersonal, analytical, problem solving and organizational skills
ability to independently work as a contributing member in a high-paced and focused team
good verbal and written communication skills
ability to thrive in a flexible and fast-paced environment across multiple time zones and locations

recent and upcoming graduates with a computer science or related background are also invited to apply for this position.
what you’ll get:
 

everyday wellness: healthy rewards, onsite fitness classes, healthy choices, wellness champions
financial fitness: 401k match, employee discounts, personalized advice, brokerage discounts
work/life balance: sabbatical, new mothers returning to work program, tuition reimbursement programs, time off to volunteer
inclusion: employee resource groups, commitment to diversity, strategic partnerships
not just a job, but a career, with an opportunity to do the best work of your life

learn more about life@schwab.charles schwab & co., inc. is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer committed to diversifying its workforce. it is schwab's policy to provide equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding, or related medical conditions), gender identity or expression, national origin, ancestry, age, disability, legally protected medical condition, genetic information, marital status, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, military status, citizenship status or any other status that is protected by law.    
                		 job specifications 

relocation offered?:
yes


work schedule:
days


languages:
english - spoken


current licenses / certifications:
none


relevant work experience:
it-other specialty engineering-less than 2 yrs


position located in:
co - lone tree


education:
ba/bs


job type:
full time


  
						 category:information technology 
                		 activation date: wednesday, may 17, 2017   
                		 expiration date: friday, december 1, 2017 
apply here


apply now
       



link for schema



















                    brokerage products: not
                    fdic insured • no bank guarantee • may lose value
                



            charles schwab & co., inc. is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer committed to diversifying its workforce.  it is schwab's policy to provide equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex  (including pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding, or related medical conditions), gender identity or expression,  national origin, ancestry, age, disability, legally protected medical condition, genetic information, marital status, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, military status, citizenship status or any other status that is protected by law.  schwab also does not discriminate against applicants or employees because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant.
        

            at schwab, we believe that every employee, through their diverse abilities and experiences, can contribute to our growth, innovation and client loyalty. we embrace diversity and are committed to providing equal opportunity to all employees and applicants. if you have a disability, and require reasonable accommodations in the application process, call human resources at 800-725-3535. we will be happy to assist you. schwab will only share your accommodation request with those individuals who have a specific need to know. the request for an accommodation will not affect schwab’s hiring decisions. all other submissions should be performed online.
        

            the charles schwab corporation provides a full range of securities, brokerage, banking, money
            management, and financial advisory services through its operating subsidiaries. its broker-dealer
            subsidiary, charles schwab & co., inc. (“schwab”), 
                member
                sipc
            , offers investment services and products, including schwab brokerage accounts. its banking
            subsidiary, charles schwab bank (member fdic and an equal housing lender), provides deposit and lending
            services and products.
        








 © charles schwab & co., inc. (member sipc) all rights reserved. (1115-7068)

contact

site map
schwab.com




facebook
twitter
youtube
linkedin
google plus



powered by smashfly





