





software web developer





























































            software web developer        









 return to job opportunitiesjob detailslevel experiencedjob location corporate office - aurora, coposition type full timeeducation level graduate degreesalary range undisclosedtravel percentage nonejob shift dayjob category information technologydescription come join our team. you will be working for one of colorado’s largest mortgage companies. american financing is an innovative and national company! we value our employees and offer a fun environment, stability, high earning potential, growth and longevity. we truly are a team!! make american financing your next career choice today!
we are looking for a talented and enthusiastic person to become the newest member of our growing it team at american financing. the ideal candidate will be responsible for programming and maintaining internal applications while also helping in the development and expansion of our client facing website. this candidate will be responsible for maintaining existing systems while also playing a big part in developing new technology for our growing business. we are looking for ideas as well as execution; this team member will participate in all aspects of our development cycle.
 
job responsibilities & qualifications:
2+ years of ruby on rails
2+ year of php
solid understanding of html5, css3, javascript, jquery
mysql, sql server knowledge
database design and management (sql management and relational database management)
experience with jira and agile methodologies a plus
good working knowledge of system/internet security
participate in the proactive identification of product/systems enhancements which may improve tool appeal, process flow, and overall functionality and performance
mortgage industry knowledge a plus
design, development, testing, implementation and documentation of solutions that meet a specific business need
strong troubleshooting skills with firm knowledge of system design and analysis
effective time management and be able to float between multiple projects
great team attitude and able to work comfortably with technical staff as well as business and non technical individuals
as a regular full time employee, you will be eligible to participate in the company’s benefit programs which include:
medical, dental and vision
paid long term disability
voluntary fsa and dependent care accounts
voluntary aflac coverage (life insurance, short term & long term disability, accident & cancer)
voluntary allstate accident coverage
voluntary identity and legal shield coverage
voluntary employee assistance and travel programs
paid holidays, time off, sick, maternity/paternity leave
on-site massage therapists, yoga classes, fitness center, fully stocked kitchen, interactive game room, local event and concert tickets
mission statement family owned and operated, american financing, a national mortgage banker, is committed to providing financial solutions to make communities better places in which to live. we will conduct business morally and ethically, while ensuring we are providing superior customer service and innovative mortgage products. return to job opportunities 




first time user?
create account



returning user? please sign in!


sign in

forgot password?

 


work stations


 
break room


 


 









 








