help.com - software engineer (front-end - react.js)software engineer (front-end - react.js)austin, txengineeringfull-timeapply for this jobhelp.com strives to optimize the customer service experience. with our streamlined interface and all-in-one platform, you can say goodbye to long waits and uninformed agents. seamless integrations, specialized live chat/helpdesk components, and an easy-to-use workspace are all key features of the help.com platform. the only thing we’re missing is you!as a front-end react.js developer at help.com, you will work on our live chat development team in austin, tx. the ideal candidate enjoys solving usability challenges, building reusable components, and contributing to well-structured, highly performant code.required duties & skillsexecute creative and visually stunning front-end solutionstranslate designs, wireframes, and mockups into highly composable codecollaborate and troubleshoot issues with various stakeholders and help.com’s back-end teamwrite clean, readable code and testsgive and receive feedback while working with a teamqualifications and experienceextensive involvement with react and its ecosystem (webpack, redux, es6, flow, jest)experience developing cross-browser compatible applications across the most used browsers and versions3+ years working with front-end javascript developmentbackground in javascript testing frameworks such as jest and enzyme, restful web services, and gitpassionate about uxexperience with agile/scrum methodologies, jira and other toolsnice-to-have skillsprior experience launching a new product for a startupbackground in building cross-platform native applications using electron and react nativeexperience using graphql and apollo or relay clients in a production applicationperkswork with node core contributors and other talented people.we have a proven record of success. our founders helped build companies like cpanel, cloudflare, and hostgator.free on-site lunch unlimited pto and fully-paid medical benefitshigh standards. we review code thoroughly to ensure high quality results. you'll gain a ton of experience and feedback by building a platform used by customers daily. all of our positions are based in our office in austin, tx. we offer competitive compensation (both cash and equity), an unlimited vacation policy, as well as fully paid medical benefits (health, dental, vision) for eligible employees. best of all, we have the energy, agility, and fun of a startup. help.com is an equal opportunity employer and we value diversity at our company. we do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. we are unable to sponsor visas at this time, so all candidates must be legally authorized to work in the us.apply for this jobhelp.com home pagejobs powered by 