


software advice - open position: intern - web application developer





















































skip to content


software categories

back

software categories


accounting software


advertising agency software


app development software


appointment scheduling software


auction software


audit software


auto repair software


bpm software


bug tracking software


business intelligence tools


business management software


business phone systems


call center software


camp management software


catering software


church management software


cmms software


collaboration software


community software


compliance management systems


construction software


content management systems


contract management software


cpq software


crm software


customer loyalty program software


 database management systems


data entry software


daycare software


debt collection software


dental software


distribution software


ecommerce platforms


ediscovery software


ehs software


electronic signature software


email marketing software


erp software


event management software


facility management software


field service software


fleet management software


form automation software


gym management software


help desk software


home health software


hotel management software


human resources software






idea management software


insurance software


inventory management software


issue tracking software


itsm software


landscaping software


learning management systems


legal software


loan servicing software


long term care software


manufacturing software


marketing software


martial arts software


medical software


membership management software


mentoring software


network monitoring tools


nonprofit software


online payment software


patch management software


personal trainer software


portal software


project management software


property management software


psa software


registration software


reporting tools


reputation management software


retail pos software


rfp software


risk management software


salon software


scheduling software


school management software


security software


sports league management software


staffing agency software


supply chain management software


survey tools


ticketing software


tour operator software


travel agency software


veterinary software


video conferencing software


virtual data room


visitor management systems


workflow software
















home
careers
intern - web application developer



537,165 companies have chosen the right software using ourextensive research on over 2,080 systems. how does it work?





intern - web application developer




we’re looking for a spring 2018 intern who want to get their feet wet in cloud computing, front-end web development.  if you’re still learning the ropes and are eager to work on fast-paced projects using the javascript and the lamp stack, then keep reading.





 


we're looking for someone who:

wants to code for a living. you’re currently enrolled in a bachelor’s degree program for computer science (or related field) and have some experience in software development.
is eager to learn and work on custom cloud-based applications. you’ve learned oo concepts, know your way around linux, and want to be part of a dynamic software engineering team.
is a diligent programmer. you think ahead of time about how best to approach a problem. your code is clean, well organized and properly documented.
has learned basic javascript. you enjoy working with the presentation layer and have some experience with javascript, html, and css.
is a team player. you have a roll up the sleeves attitude that is always ready to take on new tasks. you enjoy working with your peers on projects and sharing knowledge across the team.
 

what you'll do all day:

code. you’ll spend your days writing and refactoring code, and figuring out how to scale solutions for our growing business. bonus points if you've worked in javascript, php, mysql and git.
collaborate. you’ll work with our team to understand our code base to perform and participate in code reviews and peer inspections.
learn new technical skills. we’re always trying new things and you should be too. you’ll be expected to enhance your skills as you learn and grow.


you'll be measured on how well you:

problem solve. you’ll carefully analyze the problem at hand and work with other members of the team (when necessary) to develop a solution.
deliver high quality code. we have high standards and we want to keep it that way. your code will have to be well structured and as bug-free as possible.
get stuff done (that’s gsd around here).  we move at lightning speed around here. to keep up you’ll need to be productive, proactive and get projects completed quickly.
work with others.  we are all working towards the same goals and we want someone that will get along well with the rest of the team. 

a few reasons why you might hate it:

you don't want to get your hands dirty. this is a hands-on active coding role, so you’ve got to be ready to jump right in and take on assignments.
you like a slow pace of development and testing. we have a startup mentality and love getting things done quickly. there will always be plenty of deadline-driven projects on your plate.
you don’t like being challenged. you’ll get the opportunity to solve some real-time coding challenges. if you’re just looking for an easy “a”, this isn’t the internship for you.


and a few reasons why you might love it:

you’ll grow and learn a ton. you’ll become a better engineer as you immerse yourself in the world of technology. your contributions will make a huge impact on the team.
you'll learn cutting-edge technologies. we are always striving to try new things and use the best tools for the job. you’ll get to see first hand what it’s like to work in a progressive atmosphere.
coolness factor. our soco office is insanely cool and you’ll work with a team of smart, driven people in the live music capital of the world! 










software advice is a gartner company, so to be considered for a position here, you'll need to apply through the gartner website.

click here to apply now




software advice is a gartner company, so to be considered for a position here, you'll need to apply through the gartner website.

click here to apply now


not for you? share it:
 
		 
		 
		 
	

 
 


how it works


we match organizations with software that meets their needs.
our service is simple and 100% free to customers like you because software vendors pay us when we connect them with quality leads. you save time and get great advice. vendors get great referrals. it's a win for everyone!

call now for advice: (844) 687-6771





×





in just fifteen minutes, the experts at software advice can help you narrow down the right software for your organization. call us for a free faststart consultation: (844) 687-6771
call us for a free faststart consultation: (844) 687-6771






		    
		  about us  
		  careers  
		  terms of use  
		  privacy policy  
		  vendors  
		  resources  
		  all categories  
		

about us
careers
terms of use
privacy policy
vendors
resources
all categories

 

 
			 
			 
			







 

© 2006-2017 software advice™, inc.










