

	jr software developer #465749 us-tx-austin













 


















view all jobs


company web site








        social solutions
    




view all jobs
jr software developer








×
email this job






your first name



your last name




your e-mail address



e-mail address to share with

subject

message










 send e-mail
close






 us-tx-austin



apply



























×
employee referral





tell us who you are


first name
last name
e-mail address



                                please complete all 3 fields.
                            




how do you want to share?















close







company information


job description


	 

	are you eager to work within a large and complex codebase? do you get satisfaction from knowing that you did things the right way, even if it’s the harder way? are you passionate about exceeding user’s expectations? does creating and modernizing a saas product used to help nonprofits transform lives excite you? if so, keep reading!

	what you’ll do


		follow established departmental sdlc policies and procedures (ie: agile/scrum, rally workflow.)

		develop web backend infrastructure, utilize applications to ensure technical performance, and assess new technologies to fit social solutions' needs.

		provide professional and high level technical expertise to all aspects of the sdlc.

		develop web front-end infrastructure, utilize applications to ensure technical performance, and assess new technologies to fit social solutions’ needs.

		maintain up-to-date knowledge of new technologies and their applicability to company products.

		interface with customers to manage and resolve elevated technical issues.

skills & requirements


		bachelor’s degree or diploma in computer science or computer programming, or equivalent experience.

		1+ year of experience/knowledge creating enterprise level software/reporting systems in an agile/scrum environment.

		experience/knowledge with git code management

		knowledge/experience with node.js

		experience with mvc design patterns and object-oriented design and programming

		experience with modern javascript frameworks such as jquery, react, angular, etc.

		use/understanding of php code frameworks

		experience with sql queries using mysql as well as sql query creation and optimization

		web services (soap, rest)


why we’re awesome

	fun fact: lee on the apricot dev team was at one point ranked 5th in world for street fighter.

	at social solutions, we’re mission focused and results oriented! we’re a diverse team of innovators, creatives, and digital architects that come together to help organizations transform lives. social solutions’ software (saas) helps some of the most vulnerable human beings in our society. our software for nonprofits allows them to spend less time on compliance and more time on ensuring the effectiveness of their service programs for the people who rely on them. since our software was designed by direct service works for direct service providers, it also helps them to demonstrate impact to stakeholders.

what you’ll get


amazing coworkers

		100% employer paid benefits for employees

		8 hours per quarter of volunteer time

		company sponsored events and happy hours

		career advancement opportunities

		that’s not all, folks! 


all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, or protected veteran status and will not be discriminated against on the basis of disability.

	 
qualifications






 
 



powered by hirebridge











