






ut austin job posting - software developer/analyst | the university of texas at austin














skip to main content
 
 



              ut direct help
            



              logoff
            












 
 




select the type of search to perform:

any word
all words
exact phrase

enter a search term:



 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
	                        job search
                           
 
 
 
 

 
                              my application
                             

 
 
 
 

 
                              jobs i've applied for
                             

 
 
 
 

 
                              resources
                             

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
the university of texas at austin job posting
 





 
 









return to job search
                    
                



share







                                start application process 





switch to mobile view



software developer/analyst - front-end web developer

hiring department
office of admissions



                        monthly salary
                    

                         
                            $3,957+ depending on qualifications
                        

                        
                    



hours per week

                     40.00 standard from  800am to  500pm
                


posting number

                    17-08-31-01-9359
                


job status
open


flsa status
exempt


earliest start date
immediately


position duration
funding expected to continue


position open to
all applicants


location
austin (main campus)


number of vacancies
1



general notes


                    must be authorized to work full-time in the united states for any employer.
                


required application materials


a resume is required in order to apply
a letter of interest is required in order to apply.
a list of 3 references is required in order to apply.




additional information


purpose


                    provide design, development, theming, support and ongoing maintenance for web properties, applications, email and an integrated crm for the offices of admission and financial aid.
                



essential functions


                    
                        work closely with other members of the marketing and communications team to develop and deploy a wide range of digital projects, including drupal-based websites and html email. develop and maintain web applications and content management system implementations in accordance with project requirements. create and maintain end user, site administration and system documentation. assist with migration of legacy applications and websites. work with admissions and financial aid it teams to support front-end development of mainframe-based applications. ensure compliance with university brand, web accessibility and security standards. continuously enhance technical skills related to digital design, web development and cms implementation and maintenance. participate in professional development and university it communities. evaluate emerging technologies and applications and make recommendations for new software acquisitions and/or practices.
                    
                



marginal/incidental functions


                    
                        other related functions as assigned.
                    
                



required qualifications


                    
                        bachelor's degree and one or more years of experience in web development or a related field. two or more years of experience in drupal administration and theming. two or more years of experience in client-side design, development and testing in responsive html, css and js/jquery. two or more years of experience with php development, mysql administration and linux command line. experience analyzing and remediating web-related accessibility issues. excellent written and verbal communication skills. demonstrated ability to work effectively, both independently and collaboratively, in a team environment. demonstrated history of meeting deadlines and managing projects to completion. ability to handle multiple tasks and projects simultaneously.
                        equivalent combination of relevant education and experience may be substituted as appropriate.
                    
                



preferred qualifications


                    experience with current version control tools and workflow practices. experience with python/django development. demonstrated understanding of the entire scope of complex, database-driven web applications, including basic web server configuration and application deployment techniques. experience debugging client-side code (js/jquery).
                



working conditions


                    
                        
                            may work around standard office conditions
                        
                            repetitive use of a keyboard at a workstation
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                        may require occasional extended work hours or on-call obligation.
                    
                





                            
                                a criminal history background check will be required
                                for finalist(s) under consideration for this position.
                            
                        

                        
                            the retirement plan for this position is teacher retirement
                            system of texas (trs), subject to the
                            position being at least 20 hours per week and at least
                            135 days in length.
                        
                    

                        the university of texas at austin, as an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer, complies with all applicable federal and state laws regarding nondiscrimination and affirmative action. the university is committed to a policy of equal opportunity for all persons and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, age, marital status, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, disability, religion, or veteran status in employment, educational programs and activities, and admissions.       
                    

                            if hired, you will be required to complete the federal employment
                            eligibility verification form, i-9. you will be required to present
                            acceptable, original
                            documents
                            to prove your identity and
                            authorization to work in the united states. information
                            from the documents will be submitted to the federal e-verify
                            system for verification. documents must be
                            presented no later than the third day of employment. failure to do
                            so will result in dismissal.
                        

ut austin is a tobacco-free campus







return to job search
                    



                            start application process 










return to top of page
 
 
 








comments to: human resource service centerut job centralfor questions or concerns regarding equal opportunity only, contact office for inclusion and equityif hired, you will be required to complete the federal employment eligibility verification form, i-9. you will be required to present acceptable, original documents to prove your identity and authorization to work in the united states. information from the documents will be submitted to the federal e-verify system for verification. documents need to be presented no later than the third day of employment. failure to do so will result in dismissal.the open carry of handguns on campus is prohibited by law. for questions concerning concealed carry of handguns on campus, please refer to the university handbook of operating procedures, hop 8-1060.for more job information, call the human resource service center at (512) 471-4772, or toll-free at (800) 687-4178.

 

sitemap
  


academics
administrative applications
admissions
around campus
colleges, schools and academic units




computing and technology
directories and offices
employment and careers
finances
graduation




instruction
news, events and calendars
personal info
research
working at ut



              the university of texas at austin
              1 university station
              austin, texas  78712
             
  

 






ut direct comments
web privacy policy
web accessibility

©the university of texas at austin 2011
 
 
 
 

