help.com - software engineer (backend - node.js)software engineer (backend - node.js)austin, txengineeringfull-timeapply for this jobat help.com, we want to help eliminate terrible customer service experiences and make good experiences great. waiting around for agents to locate your account information, lookup a company policy, or see your previous interaction history will become a thing of the past. we're just getting started so you have the chance to come in and help us build new products on a small, agile team. your contributions will be felt immediately and you'll be able to help us shape our products and development path.we are predominantly in the javascript/node.js ecosystem, but are developing a microservice architecture that gives us immense flexibility in our choice of languages and tools. we take pride in making sure that our apis are well documented, our code is well tested, and our team understands what we're building and why. we're looking for a solid backend developer who has been around the block to help us build out our api driven (micro)services architecture. we're working with the realtime web (websockets) so we have some interesting challenges that you won't see at a pure restful http shop. some of the following could make you a great fit to work at help.comyou are excited about working at a startup and on a small, talented team. you are excited about javascript, node.js, microservices, and/or messaging systems, and can explain the benefits and detriments of these technology choices. you are active in the open source community or have a desire to start contributing; our software engineers are constantly learning, using, and contributing to open source projects. you care deeply about code quality, performance, and execution, but aren't a dogmatic perfectionist.you don’t mind helping out on other areas of the stack if necessary.you are comfortable in an environment where projects are time-sensitive.adapting to changes in products, projects, and direction won’t throw you for a loop.qualifications3+ years experience in development using modern stacks/frameworks/technologiesan expert understanding of javascript and node.jsexperience with object-oriented and mvc design patternsapi design experiencestrong understanding of systems using real time interactions (websockets, long-polling, server sent events)familiarity with service oriented architecture (soa) or distributed systemsexperience with "big data" data stores and technologies (elasticsearch, cassandra)proficiency with a linux environmentexperience with relational database schema design (preferably postgresql or mysql)nice-to-have skillsexperience with dockerdevelopment experience on a saas productexperience with ci/cd systemsall of our positions are based in our office in austin, tx. we offer competitive compensation (both cash and equity), an unlimited vacation policy, as well as fully paid medical benefits (health, dental, vision) for eligible employees. best of all, we have the energy, agility, and fun of a startup. help.com is an equal opportunity employer and we value diversity at our company. we do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. we are unable to sponsor visas at this time, so all candidates must be legally authorized to work in the us.apply for this jobhelp.com home pagejobs powered by 