


teachergraphfront end developer - intern | teachergraph






















 

















school communication made simple






home
careers
donate
back to teachergraph.com





topics 
communication

community

ed-tech

education

events

parent engagement

parent-teacher communication

product updates

startups

student engagement

teachers


 
 





front end developer – intern 


job title:  
front end developer – intern


job location:  
austin, texas, united states


compensation:  
tbd


 description:  
we are looking for a member to add to our team of entrepreneurs. this could be a huge opportunity to someone passionate about education technology – working in a high potential growth industry, flexible hours and schedule, and working alongside myself and my other co-founder to learn the in’s and out’s of getting a startup company built, funded, launched, and growing! we are extremely passionate about what we’re doing and want someone that is going to share in that belief and attitude. requirements for this position would include: working with designers to implement ui/ux and support development of product as requested. since we’re just getting things off the ground, other requirements could come up, but that’s the best part of being involved with a startup…lots of opportunity to learn and plenty of challenging work. the person we are looking for should be fluent in english, hard-working, have a strong willingness to learn about business and entrepreneurship, be proficient with html, css, javascript and have the ability to communicate within a team environment. experience with jquery and integration to php is a plus. we work pretty closely together, but it’s a blast.
we value our interns as team members. our interns have the same expectations of employees and the opportunity to dive into real projects. hours are flexible with 15-20 hrs/week. we are very open to discuss compensation.


instructions:  
if interested, shoot over your resume to careers@teachergraph.com with subject line “front end developer – intern” and we can consider you for an interview.



 
	


leave a reply

click here to cancel reply.





name 

mail (will not be published) 

website


comment moderation is enabled, no need to resubmit any comments posted.















from the teachergraph team
top ↑ 


 



