


        front end (javascript) engineer -        sparkcognition -         job board
    

























 






view our website



view all jobs








                                                                         sparkcognition                                                                        





we’ve made a name for ourselves building systems that solve previously unsolved problems —and we continue to pursue worthwhile, industry changing goals with tremendous drive and commitment. our team is highly self-motivated, pursuing new innovations at a fast and furious pace. we love nothing more than the thrill of making it through a tough problem and seeing the final outstanding result. by the very nature of the goals we pursue, we push ourselves to go beyond limits perceived by others. impossible is nothing. 



front end (javascript) engineer


austin, tx                    

full time                

engineering                    

mid level                


















we are seeking a talented front-end (javascript) engineer to join our growing agile web development team responsible for developing large-scale, modern, cutting-edge web interfaces for our deep analytical and artificial intelligence solutions. our web interfaces span a wide range of industries, giving you the opportunity to contribute meaningfully while broadening your professional skill set at an extremely rapid pace.
 
essential duties & responsibilities
cross-team collaboration with product, design, engineering, and data science teams to visualize, architect, and implement new products from concept to delivery
contribute to multiple applications and special products at various stages, including design, implementation, unit testing, and deployment
develop and maintain architecture, design patterns, and components utilizing the latest web technologies
support the production team to develop and ensure real-time availability of our applications and data feeds
 
required skills
expertise in css3/html5 and the latest ecmascript language specs (es6+)
expertise in javascript spa frameworks such as angular, react, vue, etc.
ability to deliver high quality user interfaces from wireframes and/or high-fidelity mockups
ability to thrive in a fast-paced environment with overlapping deadlines
strong written/verbal communication skills and ability to explain technical details to technical and non-technical audiences
familiarity with object-oriented, functional, and reactive programming paradigms
familiarity with modern web application design architectures and patterns
familiarity with mobile-first, responsive web techniques
experience using css pre-processor languages such as sass, less, etc.
experience with javascript development tools such a grunt, gulp, webpack, etc.
experience with javascript testing frameworks such as jest/enzyme, selenium, mocha/chai, etc.
strong knowledge of the latest web techniques in security, state management, client-side storage, caching, bundling, etc.
strong knowledge of how the front-end communicates with and ties to external rest apis and rtc services
 
education/experience
bachelor’s degree in computer science, related field, or equivalent experience
3+ years experience contributing to the development of large-scale web applications, either as a front-end or full-stack web developer
1+ years experience using an spa framework such as angular, react, etc.
 
bonus skills
passionate about working on the web — keeping up with the latest frameworks and libraries (a.k.a immune to javascript fatigue)
full-stack javascript experience and/or knowledge
experience with cloud deployments and/or services — aws, google cloud
experience working with ci systems and tools — jenkins, gitlab, kubernetes, docker
experience using product management software such as jira, trello, etc.
experience developing in a native mobile and/or desktop environment
 
sparkcognition is an equal opportunity employer. all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, national origin, protected veteran status, disability, genetics, or citizenship status (when otherwise legally authorized to work) and will not be discriminated against on the basis of such characteristics or any other status protected by the laws or regulations in the locations where we operate..if you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, you may contact us at accommodations@sparkcognition.com 

read more



apply for position








            apply for this position        
required*



apply with linkedin







apply with indeed









first name*



last name*



email address*



address
















phone*



resume*

attach resume
                    or
                    paste resume



                        attach resume as .pdf, .doc, or .docx (limit 2mb) or
                        paste resume


 




                            paste your resume here or
                            attach resume file









cover letter*



who referred you to this position?



are you willing to relocate?
no answeryesno 

what's your citizenship / employment eligibility?*
no answeri am a u.s. citizen/permanent residentnon-citizen allowed to work for any employernon-citizen allowed to work for current employernon-citizen seeking work authorizationi am a canadian citizen/permanent residentother 

desired salary



in 150 characters or fewer, tell us what makes you unique. try to be creative and say something that will catch our eye!

150


the following questions are entirely optional.

                        to comply with government equal employment opportunity / affirmative action reporting regulations, we are requesting (but not requiring) that you enter this personal data. this information will not be used in connection with any employment decisions, and will be used solely as permitted by state and federal law. your voluntary cooperation would be appreciated. learn more.
                    



gender

decline to answerfemalemale

 


race/ethnicity

decline to answerwhite (not hispanic)african american/black (not hispanic)hispanic/latinoasianpacific islanderamerican indiannative alaskannative hawaiianmulti-racial

 


veteran/disability status

decline to answerdisabled veteranspecial disabled veteranvietnam era veteran3 yr. recently separated veteran1 yr. recently separated veteranother protected veterandisabled individualnot applicable

 


submit application














×close
forward this position





recipient email address (one)



your name



your email address



enter a message (optional)
the message cannot contain links




human check*




















powered by















