


		full-stack web developer -		springbox - 		job board
	










































 


go to our website »












« go back to job listings


full-stack web developer



location: austin, tx		

department: development		

type: full time		

min. experience: experienced		





full-stack web developer
at springbox, our full-stack developer works to create visually appealing as well as programmatically superior work that helps create best-in-class solutions for our clients. vague, right? more specifically, this person will help build applications and websites, working with internal teams and directly with clients. you must have several years’ experience working from written project briefs and functional specifications to produce quality applications as well as make adjustments and improvements to existing applications when necessary. this job requires someone willing to adapt to new technologies with a willingness to experiment, sometimes fail, and inevitably succeed.
responsibilities

develop world class applications that perform at scale using the latest technologies and frameworks
develop strategies and solutions that challenge and expand the thinking of everyone around you
troubleshoot problems and assist teammates as needs arise
participate in the execution and planning of all development projects.
contribute to solution envisioning and functional specifications definition
work with a technical lead to produce development estimates

required skills / qualifications

love to solve problems and code
2-5 years of development experience with javascript frameworks such as react
experience delivering web applications at scale using node or another backend framework
ability to eloquently describe your joy for developing scalable solutions that leverage aws services
experience with bootstrap, foundation or some other front-end framework. css preprocessors such as scss/less experience a plus
tradition of writing clean, reusable code and markup from scratch
use of existing libraries when appropriate. webpack is your friend, right?
ability to translate visual interactions from wireframes, visual styles from photoshop comps, and requirements from a technical brief into a functioning, appealing product
strong interpersonal and communication skills
fearlessly seek out and suggest latest technologies to bring to our clients. during down time, experiment with a new framework to evaluate whether we should jump to that
work hard, work smart, and have fun doing it

perks (because it matters, right?)

wear what you want to work, up to a point (no speedos)
fully stocked kitchens with snacks & beverages
ping-pong table
located downtown at 8th and colorado street
modern, comfortable workplace, with areas to chill when you need it
flexible hours (some of us aren’t morning people)
bring your best friend to work (dogs allowed)
commuter & parking assistance
competitive benefits






 

 

 





forward this position




				recipient email address (one)
			

 



				your name
			

 



				your email address
			

 



				enter a message (optional)
			

 








human check*





  




« go back to job listings













			apply for this position		

			* required fields
		















first name*





last name*





email address*





location 





phone number*





resume*


attach resume or
					paste resume





						attach resume as .pdf, .doc, or .docx (limit 2mb) or
						paste resume



 




						paste your resume here or
						attach resume file



 



cover letter*





in 150 characters or fewer, tell us what makes you unique. try to be creative and say something that will catch our eye!*



















 






