





full stack developer
































































            full stack developer        









 return to job opportunitieslevel entryjob location corporate - austin, txposition type full timeeducation level 4 year degreejob category professional servicesdescription we’re a small team of experienced developers determined to change modern mobility, including the entrenched car rental industry. we emphasize team ownership, iterative development, and moving fast without breaking things.
we’re looking for someone who can drive development of restful apis while building out a rapidly scaling backend. ideal candidates will have experience with web programming, be comfortable working with aws infrastructure, know the ins and outs of whatever frameworks and libraries they currently use, and be open to mastering new frameworks when necessary.
we are currently hiring full-stack engineers for all experience levels: sde i, sde ii and senior sdes. applicants should have a minimum of 1+ years of professional software development experience and fluency in at least one dynamic language (ruby preferred). at silvercar you might be:
building apis for our client facing apps in ruby on rails
interacting with data stores like rds, elasticache, redis, and others
creating and maintaining scalable infrastructure leveraging modern aws products
building amazing ux client side apps with angular, bootstrap or other js frameworks
writing tests and documentation as you work through feature development with your scrum team
maintaining expertise in current and emerging technologies and tools
your technical friends would say you:
really grok your ci (jenkins, etc) and source control tools (git)
can't go to sleep knowing your tests are failing
really know about scalable infrastructure
love agile development and delivering code
make things work, get things done and are a great communicator
would never consider yourself a rockstar ninja
know what an automotive can bus is
think unlocking an audi via ssh sounds awesome
your non-tech friends might even say you:
make excellent, informed, decisions and know when to ask for advice
take your work seriously, but you don’t take yourself too seriously
enjoy mentoring others and leading by example
love to learn new things and can do so quickly
like working in teams
leave things better than you found them
we offer:
competitive base salary with bonus incentive eligibility
full benefits (medical, dental, vision, 401k, pto)
working in a dynamic team in downtown austin alongside other developer product-owners
friendly, small company environment with progressive culture and flexible hours, backed by a 107 year old automotive industry leader
 return to job opportunities 




first time user?
create account



returning user? please sign in!


sign in

forgot password?

 











 








