 









front-end developer #0024 job at coresecure, inc. in cambridge, ma, powered by jobscore















































your browser cookies must be enabled in order to apply for this job. please contact support@jobscore.com if you need further instruction on how to do that.












front-end developer
engineering | cambridge, ma | full time






job description


we are looking for a front-end web developer who is motivated to combine the art of design with the art of programming. responsibilities will include translation of the ui/ux design wireframes to actual code that will produce visual elements of the application. you will work with the ui/ux designers and bridge the gap between graphical design and technical implementation, taking an active role on both sides and defining how the application looks as well as how it works.

responsibilities
    develop new user-facing features.
    build reusable code and libraries for future use.
    ensure the technical feasibility of ui/ux designs.
    optimize application for maximum speed and scalability.
    assure that all user input is validated before submitting to back-end.
    collaborate with other team members and stakeholders.
skills and qualifications
    proficient understanding of web markup, including html5, css3, bootstrap.
    basic understanding of server-side css pre-processing platforms, such as less and sass.
    proficient understanding of client-side scripting and javascript frameworks, including jquery.
    good understanding of asynchronous request handling, partial page updates, and ajax.
    basic knowledge of image authoring tools, to be able to crop, resize, or perform small adjustments on an image.
    must have familiarity with photoshop.
    proficient understanding of cross-browser compatibility issues and ways to work around them.
    proficient understanding of code versioning tools, such as git.
    good understanding of seo principles and ensuring that application will adhere to them.
    basic understanding of node.js is a plus!
notes

    while headquarters is in cambridge, candidate must be able to work onsite at clients office in marlborough a couple
    times per week.





return to coresecure, inc.


apply for this job










apply for this job


apply for this job


share










not the right job?

join our talent network




return to coresecure, inc.








powered by







applicant tracking













