


        front end developer -        cyclops.io -         job board
    

























 






view our website



view all jobs















thanks for visiting our job board. please review our open positions and apply to the positions that match your qualifications. 



front end developer


boston, ma                    

full time                

mid level                


















cyclops.io
would you like to be first or second employee with a team of experienced entrepreneurs?
we are a team of serial entrepreneurs who have collectively founded venture-funded 3 companies (2 acquired, 1 ongoing profitable) and taken 1 public.  we have extensive background in web video and collaboration, machine vision and deep learning.  we are a masschallenge finalist.
at cyclops.io, we focus on enabling distributed teams to get work done together as if they were in the same room.  we have created an application layer on top of a video conferencing platform, and created apps and bots to help people get work done.  we are to video conferencing what slack is to instant messaging.
our team
we have a product with teams in large and small organizations using it.  we have a big vision solving a big market need.  we purposefully have a very tight team, so we can move fast without much overhead.  we have an experienced backend engineer putting in place an architecture that will enable us to move quickly and scale without compromising on quality.  we are looking for an experienced front-end engineer who can do the same.  this is a unique opportunity to be an early employee and have a tremendous amount of autonomy to make decisions and get things done.
desired skills:

3+ years of experience in a related product development area
javascript client side mvc frameworks; preferably experience with react/redux
api development / rest best practices
experience building continuous integration / continuous deployment pipelines
experience with docker/docker-compose is a plus
proven history of building/deploying web applications at scale
strong desire to build out front end architecture from the ground up
interest in growing their role and responsibilities as the company grows.

compensation includes salary and equity and benefits include medical, vision and dental.
cyclops.io provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants without regard to age, race, creed, religion, color, national origin, sex, pregnancy, disability, veteran status, marital status, sexual orientation or gender identity, or any other protected status in accordance with applicable federal, state and local laws.
 

read more



apply for position








            apply for this position        
required*



apply with linkedin







apply with indeed









first name*



last name*



email address*



address
















phone*



resume*

attach resume
                    or
                    paste resume



                        attach resume as .pdf, .doc, or .docx (limit 2mb) or
                        paste resume


 




                            paste your resume here or
                            attach resume file









cover letter*



in 150 characters or fewer, tell us what makes you unique. try to be creative and say something that will catch our eye!*

150



submit application














×close
forward this position





recipient email address (one)



your name



your email address



enter a message (optional)
the message cannot contain links




human check*




















powered by















