














career opportunities: front end developer (51661) 



























javascript is turned off in your web browser. turn it on to take full advantage of this site, then refresh the page.

loading...














skip to main content












career opportunities: front end developer (51661)




















req id 51661 - posted 12/08/2017 - united states - massachusetts - cambridge - data science & surveys & enabling technologies



 &nbspjob description print preview









	                  apply
	                 
	         	 
              




                  apply using linkedin™
                 
               
              







	                  save job
	                





	                  email job to friend
	                





                  return to list
                







 



organization overview
data sciences, surveys, and enabling technologies (dset) is abt’s full-service technology, data, and innovation partner, offering expertise across the entire spectrum of data — from the initial capture, to data wrangling and analytics, and data visualization and dissemination. they combine deep experience in developing, conducting and capturing high-quality data via complex surveys with an ability to normalize, analyze and transform data into actionable insights.
 
opportunity
 
abt associates seeks a qualified front end developer to support the data sciences, surveys, and enabling technology division in cambridge, ma.
 
the front end developer is responsible for creating attractive and fully functional websites. the web designer is both creative and technically inclined, and uses both of these attributes to build or redesign websites. the ideal candidate has the ability to understand what is needed to make a website functional and easy to use, but at the same time make it aesthetically appealing to the user.

key roles and responsibilities
 

development – implement approved designs in cms tools such as wordpress and drupal, and other technologies, including coordinating with the team of application developers
determine technical requirements – interface with clients/managers to gather and implement specifications on the desired task and then translate those needs into concepts
provide design direction – present initial wireframes/mock-ups, incorporate design principles (color theory, shapes, space, alignment), gather feedback, and present final designs for approval
content management – ensure all content/code complies with development best practices.

 
preferred skills / prerequisites
 

experience with web graphic design and web user interface design
deep understanding of html5, css3 and cross-browser compatibility
adobe creative suite tools (e.g. edge, captivate, fireworks)
balsamiq experience a plus
node.js experience
working knowledge of apis
database modeling familiarity
familiarity with current and emerging technologies, from responsive design to d3

 
minimum qualifications
 

3 – 5 years of experience or the equivalent combination of education and experience.

abt associates is an affirmative action/equal opportunity employer committed to fostering a diverse workforce. abt associates provides market-competitive salaries and comprehensive employee benefits.






 









	                  apply
	                 
	           	
              




                  apply using linkedin™
                 
              
              







	                  save job
	                





	                  email job to friend
	                





                  return to list
                






















email this job to a friend





 








 


 



the job has been sent to
          


 



please provide the information below



job title:
        




*your email address:
        




*your friend's email address:
        



message:
        
         






verification code:
        





*please enter the verification code here:
        














send
            




cancel
            












powered by successfactors










