intrepid pursuits - web developer apprenticeweb developer apprenticeboston, maengineeringapprenticeapply for this jobacquired by accenture digital in june 2017 and founded in 2010, intrepid is an end-to-end mobile design and development studio with offices in cambridge, ma and nyc. with expertise in insightful product strategy, well-crafted design and development for ios, android, web and rails, we help companies, from startup to enterprise, boldly navigate their mobile future. accenture digitalthe digital revolution is changing everything, transforming how we work and play.  are you reacting to the disruption each day or are you leading the way as a digital disrupter? accenture digital is driving these exciting changes and bringing them to life across 40 industries in more than 120 countries.  at the forefront of digital, you’ll create it, own it and make it a reality for clients looking to better serve their connected customers and operate always-on enterprises.  join us and become an integral part of our experienced digital team with the credibility, expertise and insight clients depend on.   job descriptionour web developer apprentices are junior engineers eager to master the fundamentals of their practice area. the apprentice program builds onto a undergraduate course load or dev bootcamp, taking theoretics and applying them to real-life development work. the apprentice program equips qualified individuals with the skills they need to join client engagements as productive engineers. during this 12-week training program, apprentices will work alongside our team participating in existing client projects. in addition, the apprentice class will participate in a capstone project, demonstrating the breadth of knowledge he or she has learned over the course of the program.we are currently seeking web developer apprentices for the january - april 2018 and april - june 2018 cohorts. your role: web developer apprenticeseeking a career as a software developerthirst for knowledge and a desire to continue learningthrive in a collaborative environmentshould care deeply about the quality and aesthetics of code you produce, and always strive to be betterwork closely on a cross functional team including other developers, designers, project managers, qa, etcparticipate in agile/scrum sdlc participate in code and architecture reviewsyour experience: basic qualificationsexperience with ruby developmenta github account or code samples to shareside projects outside of coursework or internshipsenjoy working a wide variety of projects, both short and long-termbachelor’s degree or equivalent in computer sciencefamiliar with all phases of software lifecycle, agile experience a plusexperience with test-driven development a plusfamiliarity with both version control (git) and one or more cloud hosting providers (e.g. heroku) are good-to-havesfamiliarity with javascript is a plusfamiliarity with css, html, jquery a plusexperience with front-end frameworks like react, angular, backbone, or ember a plusset yourself apart: preferred skillswork closely with our team of designers and developers to build exceptional productscontribute to projectscommunicate project plans, progress, and scope to clientsparticipate in code and architecture reviewscontinue learning, adding new stacks to our teamintrepid has some of the best benefits you’ll find. it’s something we take great pride in.medical, dental, vision plansflexible spending accounts401k plan with matchingpre-tax commuter programgenerous paid time off9 company observed holidaysannual bonus and raisestock purchase programgreat team eventsemployee assistance programwellness benefitsprincipals only. recruiters, please don't contact this job poster.applicants for employment in the us must have work authorization that does not now or in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the united states and with accenture (i.e., h1-b visa, f-1 visa (opt), tn visa or any other non-immigrant status).currently not accepting opt students for this program.candidates who are currently employed by a client of accenture or an affiliated accenture business may not be eligible for consideration.  accenture is an eeo and affirmative action employer of females/minorities/veterans/individuals with disabilities.equal employment opportunity:all employment decisions shall be made without regard to age, race, creed, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, disability status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, citizenship status or any other basis as protected by federal, state, or local law. job candidates will not be obligated to disclose sealed or expunged records of conviction or arrest as part of the hiring process.accenture is committed to providing veteran employment opportunities to our service men and women.apply for this jobintrepid pursuits home pagejobs powered by 