







front end developer | aquto

















 skip to main content 



 








aquto
aquto




 

 





homemarketer / app publishermobile operatorcompanyoverviewin the newsblogpress releasesmanagementinvestorscareerscontact us 




home
marketer / app publisher
mobile operator
company overview
in the news
blog
press releases
management
investors
careers
contact us
 

 
 












front end developer
as a front end developer you will be responsible for building mobile and desktop applications using a variety of javascript technologies. must be able to work creatively, collaboratively, and iteratively with our back end development team to ensure we are building a maintainable code base and minimizing technical debt. we’re a fast-moving shop with weekly sprints focused on getting you contributing quickly. the right person for this position is highly passionate about javascript development, aware of cutting edge technologies and sees how they can be applied to our products.
responsibilities
responsible for implementation of the customer facing applications on both mobile and desktop environments
work collaboratively with ux developers and backend engineers to develop leading-edge javascript applications
iterate on our code base and testing procedures to ensure maintainable code
resolve desktop and mobile browser compatibility and accessibility issues as well as investigate and troubleshoot complex css, js and html bugs
maintain cutting-edge knowledge of current and emerging web technologies, including html5, css3 and mobile platforms
provide ideas about new ways to leverage web and mobile technology to improve our products and work to implement those ideas
required skills and experience
position requires a bachelor’s degree (b.a. or b.s.) from a four-year college or university; or equivalent combination of both education and experience. computer science degree is a plus.
expert knowledge with javascript, html, css and other advanced web and mobile application technologies
experience building web based applications with react and react native
experience with test driven development and tools such as jasmine and phantom
pro-active, driven, and looking to work in a fast-paced and challenging environment
ability to learn quickly and display solid logic/engineering thinking
qualities of an aquto employee:
top performer - exceed expectations in goals you have set for yourself
accountable - follow through with your commitments and ownership
creative - think of new ways to accomplish tasks and challenge convention
fun - bring humor to the organization
hard worker - we have a lot left to accomplish. it will be a challenge.
mentally malleable - you will constantly be learning new technologies, new concepts, and new businesses. the ability to quickly learn and adapt is a must.
about aqutowe're a multi-disciplinary team of seasoned entrepreneurs, technical engineers, developers and designers with extensive backgrounds in wireless technologies, mobile advertising and software/mobile app development. we push ourselves to create amazing products and make sure to have a fun time doing it. a culture of passion, enthusiasm, dedication and accountability has been created at aquto, and we do all we can to maintain it. we are a new startup fresh out of the gate with generous funding and a competitive benefits package. 
our missionthe mission of aquto is to change the mobile industry when it comes to how mobile broadband is bought, managed, and distributed. why? to provide access to mobile broadband to all individuals, allowing people to gain access to great content without worrying about the consumption of their limited data plan. with the explosion of mobile broadband usage and the inability for mobile broadband providers (carriers) to keep up with the demand, mobile broadband is fast becoming a precious resource. providing the very best technology to distribute and manage mobile broadband opens up great opportunities for end-users, content providers, advertisers, and operators.
location: boston, maposition type: full time
  contact careers@aquto.com if interested.
 









company sub menu

overview
in the news
blog
press releases
management
investors
careers
 

 
 










sign up for aquto news, updates and events




 

 

 

 

 
 





aquto - 320 congress street, 3rd floor, boston, ma 02210


 copyright © 2016 aquto. all rights reserved. terms of use | privacy policy 



 
 
 




