intrepid pursuits - web developerweb developerboston, maengineeringfull-timeapply for this jobacquired by accenture digital in june 2017 and founded in 2010, intrepid is an end-to-end mobile design and development studio with offices in cambridge, ma and nyc. with expertise in insightful product strategy, well-crafted design and development for ios, android, web and rails, we help companies, from startup to enterprise, boldly navigate their mobile future. accenture digitalthe digital revolution is changing everything, transforming how we work and play.  are you reacting to the disruption each day or are you leading the way as a digital disrupter? accenture digital is driving these exciting changes and bringing them to life across 40 industries in more than 120 countries.  at the forefront of digital, you’ll create it, own it and make it a reality for clients looking to better serve their connected customers and operate always-on enterprises.  join us and become an integral part of our experienced digital team with the credibility, expertise and insight clients depend on.  job descriptionwe are seeking a software developer who will bring added knowledge and frameworks to our talented web engineering team. this role will work closely with the web services, ios and android teams. to date, the team works most frequently with ruby on rails, phoenix elixir & reactjs.  if this sounds like you, please apply!your role: web developerwork closely with our team of designers and developers to build exceptional productsbuild apis, administrative tools and infrastructure to support ios and android mobile applicationsbuild full-stack web applicationslead projects and mentor junior developerscommunicate project plans, progress, and scope to clientsenhance our knowledge of new stackschallenge us to push the envelope and broaden our collective skillsetsparticipate in agile/scrum sdlcparticipate in code and architecture reviewsyour experience: basic qualifications5+ years working with sql or related database technologies3+ years in software development in a team environmentbachelor's degree in computer science or similar fieldset yourself apart: preferred skills3-7 years work experienceexperienced and interested in ruby, elixir, java, python, node.js, phoenix elixir, or other backend programming language or frameworkproficiency in front-end languages like html, css, javascript, and jqueryexperience with one or more front-end javascript frameworks (e.g. angularjs, backbone, reactjs or ember)familiarity with sql; no-sql a plusexperience leading projectsfamiliar with all phases of the software development lifecycleinterest in a client-facing consultant rolestrong breadth of languages and frameworks (specifically java, node.js, .net)expertise in test-driven development (tdd) methodology and toolshave worked in agile environment (scrum preferred)familiarity with both version control (git) and one or more cloud hosting providers (e.g. heroku)familiarity with cloud technologies and development tools like amazon web services & firebasean interest in managementintrepid has some of the best benefits you’ll find. it’s something we take great pride in.medical, dental, vision plansflexible spending accounts401k plan with matchingpre-tax commuter programgenerous paid time off9 company observed holidaysannual bonus and raisestock purchase programgreat team eventsemployee assistance programwellness benefitsprincipals only. recruiters, please don't contact this job poster.applicants for employment in the us must have work authorization that does not now or in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the united states and with accenture (i.e., h1-b visa, f-1 visa (opt), tn visa or any other non-immigrant status).candidates who are currently employed by a client of accenture or an affiliated accenture business may not be eligible for consideration.  accenture is an eeo and affirmative action employer of females/minorities/veterans/individuals with disabilities.equal employment opportunity:all employment decisions shall be made without regard to age, race, creed, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, disability status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, citizenship status or any other basis as protected by federal, state, or local law. job candidates will not be obligated to disclose sealed or expunged records of conviction or arrest as part of the hiring process.accenture is committed to providing veteran employment opportunities to our service men and women.apply for this jobintrepid pursuits home pagejobs powered by 