pluralsight web developer | smartrecruiters

web developerboston, mafull-timecompany descriptionour mission at pluralsight is to democratize professional technology learning. as a global leader in our space, we are improving people’s lives every day and helping businesses build their futures by giving them access to our platform. we are eternal optimists, entrepreneurs and truth seekers. every decision we make is guided by our values, and every decision is made to drive business performance. we’re looking for positive, passionate, goal-driven people who thrive in a fast-paced environment. we offer a vibrant culture, competitive pay and loads of other perks. job descriptionthe development team at pluralsight works closely with our product team to create a best-in-class customer experience online and expose millions more to the pluralsight brand. one of the key features that our team focuses on is the adaptive assessments - a technology that unlocks access to key learning through the pluralsight platform by allowing learners to identify gaps in their knowledge, in as few as 10 questions and 120 seconds.as the leader in professional online developer and it training, we are always looking for experienced, skilled, and passionate developers who craft quality solutions and will strengthen our team by bringing practices which are in line with our values and can work full time in our boston office.our core values as a company:truth seeking: we are a meritocracyentrepreneurship: innovation and continual improvementeternal optmism: we are eternal optimistsresponsibilitiesimplement and maintain web components for our adaptive assessment platformprovide architectural, strategic and scale recommendations for both frontend and backend developmentwork closely with product and ux to provide valuable input into standards, layouts, navigational features, functional design, and usabilityhelp us assure absolute stability in our product through continuous integration, staged releases and feature togglesimplement asynchronous messaging patterns to communicate between servicesapply your experience in making intelligent, forward-thinking, technical decisions to our development process, including implementing new standards, tools, apis, and workflowsqualificationsprior experience building software for high traffic websites, using languages such as python, java, .net, or rubyfull stack experience preferredexperience with web frameworks and apisexperience with frontend development, including heavy javascript and responsive layout across a wide number of devices.  experience with react/redux is a bonus.deep understanding of relational databases, nosql databases and other types of data storessolid understanding of the unix operating system and the issues related to developing large-scale systems using a linux platform.  actual aws devops and networking experience is a bonus.a firm grasp of modern testing principlesexperience with microservices architecture a plus.technologies we create with:pythonjavascriptreact and reduxmocha, chai and sinonjswebpack, yarnsqlalchemypostgresql (rds), cassandra and othersjenkins, puppetgithubrabbitmq and kafkaawsspecial consideration for:full stack experiencecontinuous delivery experiencedevops mindsetworking at pluralsightwe're committed to a values-driven culture here at pluralsight and our mission inspires everything we do:creating progress through technology that lifts the human condition.this is our north star — it's the why and how behind all of our decisions. since our start in 2004, we’ve chosen to grow in a way that will make our mission a reality. we’ve raised over $190 million in funding and acquired five awesome startups (peepcode, trainsignal, tekpub, digital tutors, & code school) that have grown our platform in immense ways. we're growing quickly and we're looking for people who are passionate about making a serious impact on technology -- and the world. we invite you to help us create the future while doing the best work of your life.need more inspiration? take a look at what others are saying on glassdoor and on social media at #wearepluralsight. check out our awards as well, or find who you know on linkedin that works at pluralsight and learn what drives their desire to make the world a better place. and it’s okay to be curious about our benefits- they’re one great example of our purpose-driven people programs that enable our teams to do amazing work.additional informationbe yourself. pluralsight is an equal opportunity employer. i'm interestedi'm interestedrefer a friendposted bykara petersonshare this jobpowered by