 


















ui / front-end engineer | winterwyman































winterwyman home
facebook
linkedin
twitter
aboutwelcome to winterwyman
meet our team
winterwyman contract staffing
winterwyman executive search
winterwyman search
community development
in the news

contact
blog
 




search form

search 





 










our talent is finding talent.
 

 

- any - new england
new york


- any - new england
new york & new jersey


- any - 
					accounting & finance
				

					human resources
				

					information technology
				

					quality assurance
				

					software technology
				


- any - 
					accounting & finance
				

					technology
				


- any - 
					accounting, finance & admin
				

					human resources
				

					technology
				


- any - 
					accounting, finance & admin
				

					technology
				


you are herehome » job search » ui / front-end engineer




ui / front-end engineer  






ui/front-end engineer: early-stage startup focused on the open source community
my client is a very early-stage, extremely well funded startup building a platform and marketplace to support the open source community. the founders have had multiple successful exits (google acquired their last startup), and they are building a collaborative remote-friendly team. while early-stage, this is a best-of-both-worlds opportunity. you'll be able to make an enormous impact and directly influence the technical direction and overall success of the company, one that is combined with the stability and family-friendly culture of a much later-stage company. your work will enable companies and institutions that utilize open source software to gain insight into the tools they're using (security, reliability, maintenance, etc.), as well as a platform/marketplace to filter money back to the developers and open source community. 
role:
senior or principal front-end engineer
skills/experience:
bs in computer science, or related field.
5-10+ years of professional software development experience.
strong experience building complex data-driven web applications using python, ruby, node.js, or related.
strong ui development experience using modern javascript tools, frameworks, etc.
any experience with vue.js or related (react.js, angular.js, etc. and interest in learning/using vue.js).
while this role has a front-end focus, we are interested in engineers who have the desire and ability to contribute across the stack.
prior startup experience is a strong plus. 
prior experience with or strong interest in working for a company that's building a distributed team.
excellent communication skills.
this is a full-time role.
if interested, please send your resume and contact information to john vandersande of winterwyman's software group at jvandersande@winterwyman.com
job id: 158720
 

   
 
job id: 158720employment type: permanentsalary: $160k location: bostondate posted:10/10/2017







 


 
 




© 2017 winterwyman       waltham     |     boston     |     nyc     |     privacy policy    |     careers 


 
 







   


