




jobs | jnj mobile







     
news

     
about
     
team
     

advertise
     
contact




join the team!

open positions

javascript mobile / web developer
mobile / web designer


mocospace is a young, fast growing company that is setting the standards for html5 on mobile.  every day millions of people access mocospace through their mobile devices. the mocospace team constantly pushes the boundaries of the mobile experience, striving to become a leader in an exciting and fast-paced industry. our team is passionate about our mobile community and believes in the game-changing potential of the mobile web. our startup environment requires imaginative thinkers with the ability to work independently on simultaneous projects and the ability to collaborate effectively with other team members.

  


  all positions are full-time. benefits include:

100% company paid medical for employees and dependents
dental insurance for employees and dependents
401k
employee stock option plan
generous vacation / pto package
10 paid holidays per year
playing mobile and console games in the office encouraged
relocation assistance available


interested in joining the mocospace team? email us at jobs@corp.mocospace.com.



javascript mobile / web developer
we are seeking a full-time web developer with extensive javascript, html5 and css experience for our small, close-knit startup team.
you will be part of a collaborative product development process - working together with our product and development teams to build awesome, highly scalable mobile and desktop apps and games.
with fast, iterative development cycles you will be able to make an immediate impact on millions of users.


responsibilities

produce great looking and highly functional user interfaces for mobile and web using javascript, html5 and css.
participate in full product life-cycle starting from analyzing user data and behavior, gathering requirements, creating wireframes and/or prototypes to implementation.
identify and communicate best practices for mobile and web front-end engineering


requirements

expert javascript, html5 and css skills, and knowledge of cross-platform browser compliance.
practical working experience with web and/or mobile user interface design.
knowledge of android, ios / iphone, java, php and/or sql development a plus.
degree in computer science or related field or equivalent work experience

send resume to jobs@corp.mocospace.com with subject “web developer”



mobile / web designer

we are looking for an experienced and creative user interface designer with strong javascript, html5 and css skills to play a key role in supporting the mocospace mobile and web sites as well as delivering features to serve our members.
you will be part of a collaborative product development process - working together with our product and development teams to build awesome, highly scalable mobile and desktop apps and games.
with fast, iterative development cycles you will be able to make an immediate impact on millions of users.




responsibilities 

produce great looking and highly functional user interfaces for mobile and web using javascript, html5 and css.
integrate front-end ui code with application apis.
participate in full product life-cycle starting from analyzing user data and behavior, gathering requirements, creating wireframes and/or prototypes to implementation.


requirements

3+ years of working experience with web and/or mobile user interface design.
detailed knowledge of javascript, html5 and css and cross-platform browser compliance.
working experience with usability testing a plus.
knowledge of android, ios, java and/or sql a plus.
bachelor's degree in computer science,related field or equivalent work experience.
previous startup experience preferred.





	© 2005-2017 by jnj mobile, inc. all rights reserved.
mocospace    
	app store    
	google play    
	advertisers






