


        data visualization engineer -        lux research inc -         job board
    

























 






view our website



view all jobs















about lux researchlux research is a leading provider of intelligence services, helping clients drive growth through technology innovation. with quality data derived from primary research, fact-based analysis, and opinions that challenge traditional thinking, lux clients are empowered to make better, informed decisions today to ensure future success. a pioneer in the research industry, lux is uniquely positioned with technical expertise in addition to business insights, augmented by advanced analytics.analysis you trust. opinions you rely on. make better decisions, faster. for more information visit www.luxresearchinc.com, connect on linkedin, or follow @luxresearch. 



data visualization engineer


boston, ma                    

full time                

experienced                


















what we do:
at lux research you’ll find new and uniquely interesting problems to solve. we help uncover new technologies and strategies that help world-class companies find long-term growth. you will analyze data from uncommon sources, create visualizations, and ultimately design tools to uncover insights on emerging technologies like nanomaterials, hyperloops, artificial cells, and space exploration. you’ll participate in planning our future products by helping capture issues and breaking down stories into achievable tasks, deploying your solutions in a cloud environment for our customers. we work on making each other better engineers through pair programming, code review, and tech talks. we make great solutions as a team.
what you’ll do:

design and build custom visualizations, data-rich user interfaces, and modular visualization components.
develop, deploy and support cloud-based tools for innovation data analytics.
programming and engineering throughout the entire stack of our projects, with a focus on data analytics, visualization, and ux.
establish and maintain usability standards and visual best practices.
work with counterparts in other parts of our software development team, and more broadly with lux research’s other departments.

what we look for:

experience developing dynamic-browser based applications using javascript and rest apis.
bachelor of computer science or similar relevant field
a passion for data visualization and a keen design sense.
proficiency with static and dynamic web visualization, like d3.js or similar.
experience with css, jquery, and a framework like vue or react.
ruby on rails or python experience
familiarity with aws.
ability to rapidly prototype new concepts and iterate on feedback from various stakeholders.
great communication and organizational skills are essential, including the ability to meet deadlines in an agile, fast-paced, and collaborative workplace.

 
about lux research
lux research is a leading provider of intelligence services, helping clients drive growth through technology innovation. with quality data derived from primary research, fact-based analysis, and opinions that challenge traditional thinking, lux clients are empowered to make better, informed decisions today to ensure future success. a pioneer in the research industry, lux is uniquely positioned with technical expertise in addition to business insights, augmented by advanced analytics.
analysis you trust. opinions you rely on. make better decisions, faster. for more information visit www.luxresearchinc.com, connect on linkedin, or follow @luxresearch.

read more



apply for position








            apply for this position        
required*





apply with indeed









first name*



last name*



email address*



address
















phone*



resume*

attach resume
                    or
                    paste resume



                        attach resume as .pdf, .doc, or .docx (limit 2mb) or
                        paste resume


 




                            paste your resume here or
                            attach resume file









cover letter*



in 150 characters or fewer, tell us what makes you unique. try to be creative and say something that will catch our eye!*

150



submit application














×close
forward this position





recipient email address (one)



your name



your email address



enter a message (optional)
the message cannot contain links




human check*




















powered by















