
web developer for learning company job - work-learning research, inc. - somerville, ma | indeed.com






















skip to job description, searchclose









find jobscompany reviewsfind salariesfind resumesemployers / post job







upload your resume


sign in







:







what
where





advanced job search


 

 



 



job title, keywords or company


city, state, or zip












web developer for learning company

work-learning research, inc.
     -
somerville, ma 02143


job summarythis new position will involve both development and overall strategy in building a new saas platform in the workplace learning field. using lean-startup practices, and working with a learning expert, the position will be solely responsible for developing a working prototype and testing successive improvements.responsibilities and dutiesselecting toolsbuilding a minimally-viable productusing split-half testing to improve productworking with learning expertsworking with customersrecommending resources (for example, graphic design, ux design help, development tools, etc.)working with ownership to inform business strategy on this productqualifications and skillsexperience building web-based saas platforms.experience working strategically.experience working with customers, or demonstrated ability to do so.ability to work largely alone (at least at first).ability to work virtually.looking for a job that means more than just having a job.benefitsbenefits to be negotiated. you will be our first hire, so we don't yet have plans in place.important note on salary: we are not able to pay industry-standard rates, but can offer bonuses or profit sharing based on revenue. we do have a ready customer base, so getting paying customers on the new product should not be too difficult.job type: full-time

16 days ago   -  save job









» apply now

            please review all application instructions before applying to work-learning research, inc..






other jobs you may like


web developer

onward search -
					boston, ma
7 days ago


web application developer – php

polar design -
					woburn, ma
3 days ago

 easily apply



web applications developer - 00048443

mitre corporation -
					bedford, ma
5 days ago


amazon web services (dms) - software develope...

amazon.com -
					cambridge, ma
12 days ago


lead web developer

teema solutions group -
					cambridge, ma
26 days ago

 easily apply






 





let employers find youthousands of employers search for candidates on indeedupload your resume










about - help center


©2017 indeed - cookies, privacy and terms



let employers find you  upload your resume









indeed salary estimatewe know salary is a key component of your decision whether or not to apply for a job. so when the hiring company hasn’t provided a salary for a job, we look at salary data from related companies and locations to come up with a reasonable estimate for what you can expect.with over 450,000,000 salaries collected from other jobs and employees, we use one of the biggest salary databases in the world to inform these estimates. and because we are continually adding feedback from users like you, we are able to keep refining our accuracy.these salary estimates are not endorsed by the hiring companies and may vary from what’s actually offered, but we have a pretty great record of getting close enough for you to make an informed decision.is this your job listing? send us feedback to correct an inaccurate salary estimate.

