drizly - senior data engineersenior data engineerbostonengineeringfull-timeapply for this jobdrizly inc., boston, ma seeks senior data engineers to help it become the best place to shop for alcohol, period.responsibilities- identify and design data requirements and access patterns for big data initiatives. - identify and integrate data processing and reporting frameworks using hadoop and mapreduce.- implement near real-time etl process to handle hundreds of data sources using spark and kafka technology.- monitor performance and advise of any necessary infrastructure changes to help scale the etl process.- define and design data retention policies leveraging data stores such as vertica, hive or redshift.- setup etl jobs using workflow systems including azkaban and oozie.- educate team on new technologies and best practices in interacting with data platform.  - own the entire etl process to ingest data and help design and support different data products with real time data.- assist as required on data extraction for data scientists and other internal or external parties. this position is full-time and is in boston, ma.  we are not hiring for remote positions at this time.requires bachelor’s (or educ. equiv.) degree in computer science or information technology and five (5) yrs. (post-degree, progressive) experience in job offered.  alternatively, will accept master’s (or educ. equiv.) degree in computer science or information technology and three (3) yrs. experience in job offered.  at least 2 yrs. experience must have included working with batch-processing and tools in hadoop technology stack including mapreduce, pig, hiveand hdfs; building realtime systems with storm or spark data transformation pipelines; large data store experience, including hbase, hdfs, vertica, redshift; data modeling and performance tuning; experience with message queues/brokers such as kestrel, kinesis or kafka and working with workflow systems including azkaban and oozie. apply for this jobdrizly home pagejobs powered by 