

  graphic designer and web developer (sacramento) – safe food alliance







































submit




 



 



 







home
services


laboratory services

overview
locations
microbiology
chemistry
pesticide analysis
moisture meter


research

overview
current services
past research


training & consulting

overview
upcoming trainings
haccp
gfsi
fsma
additional programs
custom onsite programs


safe food certifications

about the certification body
haccp verification
gfsi certification
additional audits
certification audit resources
request an audit quote




resources


food safety resources

glossary of food safety terms
food safety modernization act (fsma)
hazard analysis critical control points (haccp)
global food safety initiative (gfsi)
safe quality food (sqf)
british retail consortium (brc)


safe food networking partnership

overview
benefits
partnership application
our partners


newsletter

latest safe food spotlight
archive
subscribe




events
about


company

safe food alliance
faq
certifications and accreditations
dfa of california
scholarship foundation
media kit


safe food california

about the conference
attendance
2018 safe food california conference
presentation slides




careers
contact





 
graphic designer and web developer (sacramento)under general supervision of the senior marketing manager, the graphic designer and web developer is responsible for a wide range of activities including; developing marketing design materials, updating our company website, and developing graphics for marketing and business development campaigns.
essential duties and responsibilities

manage and maintain company and annual conference websites.
adjust existing web pages as necessary via cms.
add templates and functionality as needed via php, js, css.
set up dns/hosting.
debug performance and stability problems.
develop and send html emails.
create all needed print based marketing materials such as mailers, banners, tri-folds, registration forms, ads.
create digital-based marketing materials including website, power point presentations, social media ads, and editorial illustrations.
review data to better understand deficiencies and strengths of marketing materials.
analyze email reports, marketing tools and programs after each campaign to understand effectiveness and success rate.
communicate marketing campaign results in a technical and non-technical manner.
research the food industry to identify better ways to market for business development.
work cross functionally to execute the marketing design plan that meets company strategy and goals.
support with planning, creating, and delivering marketing programs to support the growth and expansion of company products and services.
other duties as assigned.

education and experience

bachelor of fine arts in graphic design, computer science or other related field.
minimum 3 years of experience in design and web development.
knowledge of food processing, food manufacturing – preferred.

qualifications

familiar with word press or similar cms.
working knowledge in javascript, php, and css.
ability to improve codebases.
strong ability to solve problems, debug code (google, stack overflow).
strong knowledge in color theory, accessibility, composition with both print and web environments.
proficiency in adobe creative cloud products.
proficiency in sketch.
experience in wordpress theme development.
familiar with css pre-processors.
solid understanding of website performance best practices.
familiar with html email development.
familiar with command line interface tools and ability to interact with servers via ssh.
strong research skills.
exceptional analytical, writing, and editing skills.
extremely detail oriented and organized.
highly energetic, resourceful, and creative problem solver.
highly proficient in microsoft word, excel, outlook, and powerpoint.
strong communication skills.
some overnight travels required.
this recruitment will require candidates to submit a portfolio.



important:
all applicants must submit a completed employment application form in order to be considered.
the form is available for download here.


apply online











your resume (required. max size 4mb. accepted filetypes: pdf, doc, docx)

your application (required. max size 4mb. accepted filetypes: pdf, doc, docx)



your name (required)



your email (required)




additional comments
 


 



questions?
we recommend you start by learning more about safe food alliance or checking out our faq. if you still have questions, feel free to contact us.


application form
important!
all applications must be accompanied by an employment application form pdf in order to be considered. the form is available for download here.
download


more openings
visit our careers page for a full listing of available positions.








© 2017 safe food alliance


                710 striker avenue
                sacramento, ca 95834

              (916) 561-5900

a division of dfa of california


careers
join the most historic food safety organization in the country! visit our careers page to see available positions.


follow us!

facebook
twitter
linkedin



subscribe
industry updates delivered monthly directly to your inbox. subscribe and stay current with food safety trends!













