



fullstack labs - jobs: front-end application developer (mid / senior) - apply online





















fullstack labs



all jobs
→
front-end application developer (mid / senior)

front-end application developer (mid / senior)
granite bay, california, united states

descriptionfullstack labs is a fast growing software consultancy with offices in sacramento, ca and washington, d.c., and barranquilla, co. we build web, desktop, and mobile applications for businesses, from small startups to large enterprises, and we’re looking for experienced developers to help us grow. you will work independently or on small teams to help our clients build technology to advance their businesses and achieve their goals. you’re passionate about software development and are deeply committed to building well-designed, high quality applications that users love and rely on.what you’ll be doing lead front-end development efforts at fullstack.  work with fellow fullstackers to build web, desktop, and mobile applications using cutting-edge technologies.  collaborate with fullstack’s clients to build new apps, and improve existing systems.  use cutting-edge technologies to build modern apps that users love.  requirementsthe ideal candidate will have the following skills: 2 - 8 years of professional front-end application development experience we only build apps (not marketing websites) so front-end application development experience is required expert in css, javascript, and html development experience with abstraction and code reuse of css/scss/sass/less or similar technologies experience and educated opinions on preference, best practices and when to use the following: css/scss/sass/less or similar technologies experience working on large projects and have formed strong opinions on scalable html/css structuring and architecture expert in one or all of the following: bootstrap/foundation/semanticui or similar ui frameworks expert knowledge of dom manipulation with javascript and jquery expert in designing and implementing mobile responsive applications experience with javascript frameworks like react, angular, and ember a plus but not required.  forensic attention to detail and ability to implement pixel perfect designs strong work ethic ability to focus and single-task ability to work well with other developers within an agile development team positive, optimistic, can-do attitude a working knowledge of current best practices and a commitment to high-quality, well documented code the ability to own and run projects start to finish the ability to effectively and efficiently work on a variety of types of projects ability to own projects, and work independently ability to communicate effectively with clients strong written and verbal communication skills willing to work monday - friday, during normal business hours benefitswhy fullstack labswe’re a medium size team that’s growing fast, so everyone that joins has a direct impact on the direction and success of the company. today’s hires will be tomorrow’s leaders. we strive for an open, flat, collaborative, work-hard play-hard environment. we offer competitive compensation with overtime pay, pto, medical, dental, vision, and 401k w/ 4% match. 

apply for this job











fullstack labs website

powered by
workable





