



fullstack labs - jobs: web developer / software engineer (mid-level to senior) - apply online





















fullstack labs



all jobs
→
web developer / software engineer (mid-level to senior)

web developer / software engineer (mid-level to senior)
granite bay, california, united states

descriptionfullstack labs is a fast growing software consultancy with offices in sacramento, ca and washington, d.c. we build web, desktop, and mobile applications for businesses, from small startups to large enterprises, and we’re looking for experienced developers to help us grow. you will work independently or on small teams to help our clients build technology to advance their businesses and achieve their goals. you’re passionate about software development and are deeply committed to building well-designed, high quality applications that users love and rely on.what you’ll be doing work with fellow fullstackers to build web, desktop, and mobile applications using cutting-edge technologies.  collaborate with fullstack’s clients to build new apps, and improve existing systems.  use cutting-edge technologies to build modern apps that users love.  requirementswhat we’re looking for professional experience working with any of the following technologies:   react react native angular ember node ruby on rails python or proven ability in at least two modern languages   meaningful experience working on large, complex systems a positive mindset and can-do attitude forensic attention to detail excellent written and verbal communication skills you’re passionate about software development...it’s not just your career, it’s your hobby. you’re constantly striving to learn new things and improve. you follow industry news, regularly tinker with new technologies, and read books and blogs to keep your skills current.  you work well within a team environment and enjoy working in the office with your colleagues. benefitswhy fullstack labswe’re a small team that’s growing fast, so everyone that joins has a direct impact on the direction and success of the company. today’s hires will be tomorrow’s leaders. we strive for an open, flat, collaborative, work-hard play-hard environment. we offer competitive compensation with overtime pay, pto, 401k with 4% match, medical, dental, and vision.   

apply for this job











fullstack labs website

powered by
workable





