xfusion technologies front end web developer and lead roles | smartrecruiters

front end web developer and lead rolessacramento, ca, usacontractcompany descriptionwant to be part of a dynamic and innovative technology architecture and strategy team to drive large scale business-technology transformation and modernization? xfusion technologies, inc. is a state of california incorporation headquartered in rancho cordova, california. we are an expertise-based organization that specializes in serving various public and private sector organizations. xfusion offers a full spectrum of it services which are delivered via our practices and expertise in the areas of enterprise architecture, strategy, systems integration, custom product development, and business analytics services. we bring years of expertise in business, information and technology architecture, strategy, business and systems analysis, enterprise architecture (ea), service oriented architecture (soa), enterprise service bus (esb), big data ecosystem including hadoop, hbase, nosql, mpp databases, machine learning, and data visualization, business process management (bpm), legacy modernization strategy, and systems integration with specific subject matter expertise in the health and human services industries.job descriptionlocation: sacramento, caduration: 3 months multiple positions1 .lead front end web developer:the lead front end web developer shall have at least two (2) years experience leading the development on at least two (2) agile software projects or platform(s). the lead front end web developer shall have at least three (3) years experience creating and deploying user-facing interfaces in an agile environment. the lead front end web developer shall have at least two (2) years experience with each of the following: a.    writing front ends using ruby on rails;b.    consuming restful apis; c.    developing software using a test-driven development (tdd) approach; and d.    developing and executing automated unit, integration, and acceptance tests. 2. front end web developer (5 resources) each front end web developer shall have at least two (2) years experience in creating and deploying user-facing interfaces in an agile environment. each front end web developer shall have at least two (2) years experience with each of the following: a.    writing the front ends using ruby on rails and/or building web front ends in other modern javascript-based web frameworks (e.g., angular, backbone, and react.js);b.    consuming restful apis; c.    developing software using a test-driven development (tdd) approach; and d.    developing and executing automated unit, integration, additional informationlocal candidates are encouraged to apply.xfusion provides equal employment opportunities (eeo) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability or genetics. in addition to federal law requirements, xfusion complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities. this policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training.xfusion expressly prohibits any form of workplace harassment based on race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, genetic information, disability, or veteran status. improper interference with the ability of xfusion’s employees to perform their job duties may result in discipline up to and including discharge.any job applicant or employee who requires an accommodation in order to perform the essential functions of the job should contact xfusion’s human resource department.i'm interestedi'm interestedrefer a friendshare this jobpowered by