


        php programmer / developer -        intelisys -         job board
    

























 






view our website



view all jobs















thanks for visiting our job board. please review our open positions and apply to the positions that match your qualifications. 



php programmer / developer


sacramento, ca                    

full time                

it                    

experienced                


















are you a php samurai?  an entrepreneur magazine winner of the “best entrepreneurial companies in america award”, located in the north bay, is looking for you.  we need someone that can hit the ground running in a fun, competitive, fast-paced environment with a lot of room to grow and expand.

you won’t be slicing up bad guys though.  you’ll be slicing up php applications and programs that support one of the most cutting edge and forward thinking companies in the telecom and it industries.  we’re looking for someone excited about the impact they can have on the world.  if you appreciate recognition for your contribution, this is the place for you.

we’re looking for a mid-level php sensei, but also someone comfortable learning and programming in multiple other languages as well.

this is not a monotonous, stare-at-your-computer-screen-all-day, php samurai position.  you must have experience working with others in a fast paced environment.  you must be apt at training others on all the application you create, and you must be able to communicate complicated programming applications in a simple way for non-samurais.

for some projects, this position must also be able to pivot from project to project quickly.  for others, you’ll need to focus for long periods of time and go deep.

position must have a good grasp of the english language, as documentation of the programs you write will be required

you must be able to think on your toes, solve problems creatively, and make cool programs exponentially cooler.  samurai sword experience not required (or preferred).

this position will require:

experience developing in php on multiple applications
experience creating end-user documentation is required.  must be able to write english well.
experience with person-to-person software error-resolution required
excellent communication skills required
experience with mysql, html, css, and jquery are required.
experience using html 5, css 3, and raw javascript to maintain web-based software is a plus
experience with the slim framework, composer, and api development are a plus
a bachelors degree in computer science or related field, or a minimum of 2-4 years of related work experience required
must be physically located in northern california.  sacramento county, and yolo county are preferred.

relocation assistance is not available for this position.
please include the exact words “i love php” in your response.  also include your salary requirements with your resume.
 

read more



apply for position








            apply for this position        
required*



apply with linkedin







apply with indeed









first name*



last name*



email address*



address*
















phone*



resume*

attach resume
                    or
                    paste resume



                        attach resume as .pdf, .doc, or .docx (limit 2mb) or
                        paste resume


 




                            paste your resume here or
                            attach resume file









who referred you to this position?



what's your citizenship / employment eligibility?*
no answeri am a u.s. citizen/permanent residentnon-citizen allowed to work for any employernon-citizen allowed to work for current employernon-citizen seeking work authorizationi am a canadian citizen/permanent residentother 

are you 18 years of age or older?*
no answeryesno 

earliest start date?



have you ever been convicted of a felony?*
no answernoyes 

if “yes”, you have been convicted of a felony, please explain the circumstances around the conviction:



in 150 characters or fewer, tell us what makes you unique. try to be creative and say something that will catch our eye!*

150


references: please enter names and contact information:



are you currently employed? if yes why are you looking at leaving your current position?*
 

what are your minimum compensation requirements?*
 

what are your greatest strengths that you feel would be an asset to the company? (explain)*
 

do you have any telecommunications experience?*
-- no answer --yesno 

what is your competency level with microsoft office?
-- no answer --beginnerintermediateadvanced 

the following questions are entirely optional.

                        to comply with government equal employment opportunity / affirmative action reporting regulations, we are requesting (but not requiring) that you enter this personal data. this information will not be used in connection with any employment decisions, and will be used solely as permitted by state and federal law. your voluntary cooperation would be appreciated. learn more.
                    



gender

decline to answerfemalemale

 


race/ethnicity

decline to answerwhite (not hispanic)african american/black (not hispanic)hispanic/latinoasianpacific islanderamerican indiannative alaskannative hawaiianmulti-racial

 



invitation for job applicants to self-identify as a u.s. veteran


a “disabled veteran” is one of the following:
                                        
a veteran of the u.s. military, ground, naval or air service who is entitled to compensation (or who but for the receipt of military retired pay would be entitled to compensation) under laws administered by the secretary of veterans affairs; or
a person who was discharged or released from active duty because of a service-connected disability.


a “recently separated veteran” means any veteran during the three-year period beginning on the date of such veteran's discharge or release from active duty in the u.s. military, ground, naval, or air service.
an “active duty wartime or campaign badge veteran” means a veteran who served on active duty in the u.s. military, ground, naval or air service during a war, or in a campaign or expedition for which a campaign badge has been authorized under the laws administered by the department of defense.
an “armed forces service medal veteran” means a veteran who, while serving on active duty in the u.s. military, ground, naval or air service, participated in a united states military operation for which an armed forces service medal was awarded pursuant to executive order 12985.




veteran status

 i identify as one or more of the classifications of protected veteran listed above i am not a protected veteran i don’t wish to answer
		



voluntary self-identification of disability

                                voluntary self-identification of disability form cc-305
                                omb control number 1250-0005
                                expires 1/31/2020
                            

why are you being asked to complete this form?

because we do business with the government, we must reach out to, hire, and provide equal opportunity to qualified people with disabilities.i to help us measure how well we are doing, we are asking you to tell us if
                                    you have a disability or if you ever had a disability. completing this form is voluntary, but we hope that you will choose to fill it out. if you are applying for a job, any answer you give will be kept private and will not be used against you in any way.
if you already work for us, your answer will not be used against you in any way. because a person may become disabled at any time, we are required to ask all of our employees to update their information every five years. you may voluntarily self-identify as having a disability on this form without fear of any punishment because you did not identify as having a disability earlier.


how do i know if i have a disability?


you are considered to have a disability if you have a physical or mental impairment or medical condition that substantially limits a major life activity, or if you have a history or record of such an impairment or medical condition.
disabilities include, but are not limited to:

blindness
deafness
cancer
diabetes
epilepsy
autism
cerebral palsy
hiv/aids
schizophrenia
muscular dystrophy
bipolar disorder
major depression
multiple sclerosis (ms)
missing limbs or partially missing limbs
post-traumatic stress disorder (ptsd)
obsessive compulsive disorder
impairments requiring the use of a wheelchair
intellectual disability (previously called mental retardation)



please check one of the boxes below:




                                                yes, i have a disability (or previously had a disability)                                            


                                                no, i don’t have a disability                                            


                                                i don’t wish to answer                                            




you must enter your name and date







your name
today's date





reasonable accommodation notice


federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified individuals with disabilities. please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job or to perform your job. examples of reasonable accommodation include making a change to the application process or work procedures,
                                    providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment.

isection 503 of the rehabilitation act of 1973, as amended. for more information about this form or the equal employment obligations of federal contractors, visit the u.s. department of labor's office of federal contract compliance programs (ofccp) website at www.dol.gov/ofccp. 

public burden statement: according to the paperwork reduction act of 1995 no persons are required to respond to a collection of information unless such collection displays a valid omb control number. this survey should take about 5 minutes to complete.





human check*











submit application














×close
forward this position





recipient email address (one)



your name



your email address



enter a message (optional)
the message cannot contain links




human check*




















powered by















