
senior full stack web developer job - nothing specific, inc. (dba graphics and more) - rancho cordova, ca | indeed.com






















skip to job description, searchclose










find jobscompany reviewsfind salariesfind resumesemployers / post job







upload your resume


sign in







:







what
where





advanced job search


 

 



 



job title, keywords or company


city, state, or zip












senior full stack web developer

nothing specific, inc. (dba graphics and more)
     -
rancho cordova, ca 95742


nothing specific, inc. (dba graphics and more) is a thriving e-tailer and manufacturer looking for an excellent senior full stack web developer on site in rancho cordova. you can see some of what we do at graphicsandmore.com.what you’ve got and what you’re like: 5+ years of web development or ability to demonstrate equivalent proficiency (a short test project will be given during an in-person interview).2+ years experience with ruby on rails or php preferred. we’re a rails shop, so you’ll need to be willing to learn it if you don’t already.familiar with and willing to do test driven development in a pair programming environment.strong knowledge of web stack technologies from javascript and html/css all the way down through mysql.working knowledge of git source control or equivalent - we use git, with git flow, and a pull request process through bitbucket.comfortable working in a unix environment.aws & devops experience is a big plus - if not, you’ll need to learn it.strong teamwork and communication skills.the ability to work independently, multitask, and meet deadlines with minimal supervision.organized, self-sufficient worker with a disciplined, analytical approach to problem solving.bachelor's degree or equivalent experience .humble - no big egos allowed.fun, friendly and a joy to be around.no cat allergies because we have a very affectionate office kitty...his name is bruce.what you get to do: take requirements and turn them into new features on the various nothing specific, inc. web properties and back-end systems.help maintain and streamline our master product launcher application which builds new products on the fly and publishes them to amazon, ebay, etc. as the system grows to millions of records we will continue to optimize processes and add new resellers via their apis.more than just programming! we’re a small team that helps the company with all things technology, including system administration/devops, server maintenance, and network administration. we are not it desktop support but are still the go-to group when occasional hard questions arise.ask thoughtful questions to make sure stories are well defined and understood.given the product requirements, clearly write out subtasks for the implementation steps and execute methodically.participate in code reviews, collaborating with peers and mentoring junior developers.help triage and fix existing bugs.write new automated tests for all projects.write clean, maintainable code and refactor old, messy code as you go.what we’re like: fun, goofy, relatively smart peoplelike to learn new, cool skillswork at a pretty fast pacedress casually (sometimes badly)about us: we’re a growing e-commerce company that manufactures and sells thousands of different items that allow our customers to express themselves, whatever their interests. some of the products that we make include tech accessories, jewelry, home goods, stickers and automotive accessories. you can see more about what we do at graphicsandmore.com.what started out as a small ebay business from a garage, spread into a house then moved to a tiny warehouse in a sketchy neighborhood, then across a freeway to a bigger and somewhat nicer office and now occupies an even larger space. one of the fastest growing companies in the country (four times on the inc. 5000 list), we think the business has morphed into something pretty neat and we’re looking forward to bringing on talented people to help us make this great company even better. we also have health benefits, pto, and a 401k plan like a real company. we kinda rock.nothing specific, inc. is an equal opportunity employer. the company does not discriminate on the basis of sex, age, color, race, religion, marital status, national origin, ancestry, sexual orientation, physical & mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, veteran status, or any other basis protected by federal, state or local law.job type: full-timerequired education:bachelor'srequired experience:ruby on rails: 2 years

15 days ago   -  save job









» apply now

            please review all application instructions before applying to nothing specific, inc. (dba graphics and more).






other jobs you may like


fullstack web developer

staff tech, inc. -
					folsom, ca
30+ days ago


full stack software engineer

marketing evolution -
					rancho cordova, ca
30+ days ago





 









                        nothing specific, inc. (dba graphics and more)


                we’re a growing e-commerce company that manufactures and sells thousands of different items that allow our customers to express themselves,...



let employers find youthousands of employers search for candidates on indeedupload your resume










about - help center


©2017 indeed - cookies, privacy and terms



let employers find you  upload your resume










indeed salary estimatewe know salary is a key component of your decision whether or not to apply for a job. so when the hiring company hasn’t provided a salary for a job, we look at salary data from related companies and locations to come up with a reasonable estimate for what you can expect.with over 450,000,000 salaries collected from other jobs and employees, we use one of the biggest salary databases in the world to inform these estimates. and because we are continually adding feedback from users like you, we are able to keep refining our accuracy.these salary estimates are not endorsed by the hiring companies and may vary from what’s actually offered, but we have a pretty great record of getting close enough for you to make an informed decision.is this your job listing? send us feedback to correct an inaccurate salary estimate.

