


        lead front-end web developer -        hhs technology group -         job board
    

























 






view our website



view all jobs















thanks for visiting our job board. please review our open positions and apply to the positions that match your qualifications. 



lead front-end web developer


sacramento, ca                    

full time                

professional services                    

manager/supervisor                


















hhs technology group is a global software and solutions company serving the needs of commercial enterprises and government agencies. we deliver purpose-built, modular software products, solutions, custom development, and integration services for modernization and operation of systems that support a wide spectrum of business and government needs.
hhs technology group is seeking a lead frontend developer.
the lead frontend web developer will be primarily responsible for the application architecture and design, subject to approval by the service manager. the lead frontend web developer will be responsible for choosing the direction of the application software developers to execute the service manager’s vision and goals, and to deliver working software at the end of each sprint. the lead frontend web developer will also help develop product roadmaps, backlogs, and measurable success criteria.
mandatory qualifications:

the lead frontend web developer shall have at least two (2) years’ fte experience leading the development on at least two (2) agile software projects or platforms that are similar in scope to this rfo.
the lead frontend web developer shall have at least three (3) years’ fte experience creating and deploying user facing interfaces in an agile environment.
the lead frontend web developer shall have at least two (2) years’ fte experience with each of the following:

writing the frontends using ruby on rails;
consuming restful apis;
developing software using a test-driven development (tdd) approach
developing and executing automated unit, integration, and acceptance tests.



 

read more



apply for position








            apply for this position        
required*



apply with linkedin







apply with indeed









first name*



last name*



email address*



address
















phone*



resume*

attach resume
                    or
                    paste resume



                        attach resume as .pdf, .doc, or .docx (limit 2mb) or
                        paste resume


 




                            paste your resume here or
                            attach resume file









cover letter*



in 150 characters or fewer, tell us what makes you unique. try to be creative and say something that will catch our eye!*

150


the following questions are entirely optional.

                        to comply with government equal employment opportunity / affirmative action reporting regulations, we are requesting (but not requiring) that you enter this personal data. this information will not be used in connection with any employment decisions, and will be used solely as permitted by state and federal law. your voluntary cooperation would be appreciated. learn more.
                    



gender

decline to answerfemalemale

 


race/ethnicity

decline to answerwhite (not hispanic)african american/black (not hispanic)hispanic/latinoasianpacific islanderamerican indiannative alaskannative hawaiianmulti-racial

 


veteran/disability status

decline to answerdisabled veteranspecial disabled veteranvietnam era veteran3 yr. recently separated veteran1 yr. recently separated veteranother protected veterandisabled individualnot applicable

 


submit application














×close
forward this position





recipient email address (one)



your name



your email address



enter a message (optional)
the message cannot contain links




human check*




















powered by















