
web developer job - visit california - sacramento, ca | indeed.com






















skip to job description, searchclose










find jobscompany reviewsfind salariesfind resumesemployers / post job







upload your resume


sign in







:







what
where





advanced job search


 

 



 



job title, keywords or company


city, state, or zip












web developer

visit california


3 reviews
 -
sacramento, ca 95814


develop and maintain apis, public-facing web sites, & intranet properties. responsible for maintenance of apps affecting multiple departments. manage web development vendors to ensure consistency in process and code, and manage code repositories and testing.also help support the entire it infrastructure. candidates must have skills in programming and networking.key duties & responsibilitiesestimated % of time : 30% manage of online systems, provide vendor oversight, maintain system architecture20% audit vendor code to ensure quality and security20% desktop/user & network support20% design and build reports related to system health and metrics10% other duties as assigned by supervisorrequirementsweb development experienceweb maintenance experiencenetwork administration experienceeducation equivalent to a bachelor's degree or higher in an information technology/web-related field.web design concepts and terminology, experience with html, css, linux, windows servers, iis, .net, c#, etc. experience in application development lifecycle and project management lifecycle.familiarity with team foundation server and source controlms sql server, queries, ssis packages, ssrssalary: up to $100,000 per year doe. excellent benefit package!how to apply : please provide your (1) cover letter and (2) resume in a single pdf file . failure to follow these requirements may result in disqualification.please respect our clients wishes and do not contact them directly . doing so may result in disqualification, as they value the ability to follow directions and don't have the time to handle inquiries and/or contact.our client has an organizational commitment to the principles of diversity and inclusion. in that spirit, we welcome all qualified individuals without regard to race, religion, color, sex, ancestry, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, age, marital status, disability, national origin, medical condition, u.s. veteran/military status, pregnancy, or reasonable accommodation.job type: full-timesalary: $0.00 to $100,000.00 /year

29 days ago   -  save job









» apply now

            please review all application instructions before applying to visit california.






other jobs you may like


web developer manager

visit california -
					sacramento, ca
30+ days ago

 easily apply



ada compliance web developer

edataworld llc -
					sacramento, ca
30+ days ago

 easily apply



web application developer, davis, ca, requisi...

the university of california division of agriculture and natural resources -
					sacramento, ca
22 days ago


senior full stack web developer

nothing specific, inc. (dba graphics and more) -
					rancho cordova, ca
15 days ago

 easily apply



front end engineer (react)

clear capital -
					roseville, ca
13 days ago





 




                        visit california



3 reviews

                visit california is a non-profit organization self-tasked with developing and maintaining marketing programmes to further develop tourism in...



let employers find youthousands of employers search for candidates on indeedupload your resume










about - help center


©2017 indeed - cookies, privacy and terms



let employers find you  upload your resume











