


        front end developer -        brightwave -         job board
    

























 






view our website



view all jobs















brightwave creates and manages email programs for some of the best brands in the world. we engage valuable audiences with strategic thinking and beautiful, functional creative that’s right on brand—then drive meaningful business results that demand attention from the corner office.  passionate about email?  find your next awesome opportunity here.     



front end developer


atlanta, ga                    

full time                

mid level                


















brightwave, north america’s leading email agency, is on the hunt for a passionate front end developer to create beautiful html emails and landing pages. the developer will work on converting email mockups to html templates for our growing list of blue-chip clients like aflac, chick-fil-a, mattress firm, mizuno and other leading brands. this person will elevate the creative team’s offerings and contribute to the overall success of the agency.
key responsibilities:

solid creative thinking, executing ideas and being a part of the creative and development process
ability to translate client brand guidelines and marketing strategy into beautiful emails
knowledge or interest in the development of responsive html email templates
convert mockups to html email templates that meet the standards of most modern email clients (including gmail, apple mail, and outlook)
identify and recommend coding standards and improvements

key qualifications:

bachelor’s degree in relevant discipline preferred
1-3 years of experience in technology related fields preferred
familiar with the qa process and implementation of qa fixes
knowledge of html, css, adobe suite, git, responsive design
javascript/jquery knowledge preferred
working knowledge of php and/or python
be familiar with templating languages, such as jinja or twig
keen attention to detail and version control experience
working knowledge of current web technologies and usability best practices
strong verbal skills
effective handling of multiple assignments in a fast-moving environment
mac os experience preferred

_________________
brightwave is a fast moving, high growth email focused agency (inc 5000 list the past five years) that is all about delivering remarkable results to our clients (which include some of the best brands in the world). this is a key role with great responsibility and opportunity for growth.
if you'd like to be part of an award-winning, collaborative and downright fantastic team, then we look forward to hearing from you!
 
 
 

read more



apply for position








            apply for this position        
required*



apply with linkedin







apply with indeed









first name*



last name*



email address*



address
















phone*



resume*

attach resume
                    or
                    paste resume



                        attach resume as .pdf, .doc, or .docx (limit 2mb) or
                        paste resume


 




                            paste your resume here or
                            attach resume file









cover letter*



what's your citizenship / employment eligibility?
no answeri am a u.s. citizen/permanent residentnon-citizen allowed to work for any employernon-citizen allowed to work for current employernon-citizen seeking work authorizationi am a canadian citizen/permanent residentother 

desired salary



in 150 characters or fewer, tell us what makes you unique. try to be creative and say something that will catch our eye!*

150



submit application














×close
forward this position





recipient email address (one)



your name



your email address



enter a message (optional)
the message cannot contain links




human check*




















powered by















