


    web development contractor, roseville, ca at augustine






























                    www.augustineagency.com
                

                    website
                    
















web development contractor, roseville, ca

roseville, california, united states
contract





 
 
web development contractor
summary:
as a web development contractor, the candidate will be working within a team of digital marketers, designers and developers to build and maintain web-based applications built with php, js, wordpress, expression engine and other technologies.
the candidate will work collaboratively in a full-service advertising agency. strong communication and cooperation between team members through the design, development, implementation, and quality assurance phases are essential to this position.
   essential duties and responsibilities include the following.

supports director, digital services on critical efforts to ensure that the department achieves its goals.
provides insight for the selection of content management systems (cms), ecommerce platforms, plugins/modules or third party integrations for use in client websites.
strong visual and design sense, ability to manage and provide best practices oversight for web design.


strong understanding of the fundamentals of computer science and software engineering
working knowledge of javascript and html/css
ability to maintain a positive team attitude and demonstrate professional behavior
strong communication and writing skills 
experience working with wordpress and custom-built websites and email development
real-world experience in front-end and back-end web application development
experience working with php, canvas, plesk, hosting server environments 

strong candidates should be able to provide web development related samples
 education and/or experience:
degree preferred but not required; 5-7 years’ related experience and/or training; or equivalent combination of education and experience required.
send resume along with salary requirements to:  slfbauch@gmail.com
about augustine
augustine is an award-winning, integrated marketing and communications agency with 20 years of experience providing branding, digital strategy, creative services, web development, social media marketing, public relations, graphic design, shopper marketing and retail activation to clients in a diverse range of industries. the firm is one of the largest and most competitive in northern california with over 50 employees and offices located in roseville, ca and dallas, tx.
no phone calls please. equal opportunity employer





apply for this opening





                                        apply with linkedin
                                    






                                    apply with indeed
                                


apply for this opening at 
                        http://augustine.recruiterbox.com/jobs/fk0fzxj?apply=true



 other openings at augustine
                                
see all the jobs at augustine here: 
                                    http://augustine.recruiterbox.com/jobs
                                






                        fetching your linkedin profile ...
                    



application form




                        apply with linkedin
                    





                        apply with indeed
                    






                        first name
                         *
                    




                        last name
                         *
                    




                        email
                         *
                    




                        phone
                         *
                    




                        resume
                         *
                    
















thanks for your time





apply for this opening



                    apply with linkedin
                



                    apply with indeed
                

share this opening with friends








 other openings at augustine
                    
see all the jobs at augustine here: 
                        http://augustine.recruiterbox.com/jobs
                    














powered by
recruiterbox















