


front-end development careers at nebo

































1 (800) 908-6326




portfolio
about
services
blog
careers
contact

quick nav

nebo

portfolio
about
services
blog
careers
contact


for the best experience of the nebo site, we recommend using a javascript-enabled browser (yours is not).


join the teamback to careers
think you've got what it takes?



contact us

1 (800) 908-6326

careers@neboagency.com


    atlanta
    1000 marietta st nw
    suite 270
    atlanta, ga 30318
  

    portland
    4949 sw macadam ave
    portland, or 97239
  




on twitter
tweets by @neboagency






front-end developer
do you dream about building elegant, engaging digital experiences? do you dream of pixel-perfect layouts? are you incredibly smart and curious? do you like puppies and beer fridays? if so, you may be a fit for nebo's award-winning in-house front-end development team.
 
being a front-end developer at nebo
nebo is a human-centered agency committed to doing great work and never settling for "good enough." the culture is friendly, and the work is challenging, because that's the way we like it. located in west midtown atlanta, we're at the heart of the southeast's digital, startup and marketing scenes, and we're also conveniently located right across the street from the best coffee in town. we're looking for front-end developers who can help our clients build elegant, engaging digital experiences. we don't care about how many years of experience you have, just the work you've done and the work you're capable of doing. we also appreciate a good sense of humor and an open mind.
 

front-end developer requirements

2+ years of front-end development
slicing & dicing experience
mastery of javascript
passion for front-end development
communication skills
attention to detail




how to apply
this is a full-time, on-site position. compensation is dependent upon experience. if this sounds like you, send your resume and work samples to: careers@neboagency.com.




tweet



















© nebo agency, llc 2017.1000 marietta st nw, suite 270, atlanta, ga 30318privacy policysitemap
back home







