

















careers








































 













loginregistrationsitemaplost password?







					home									



					about us									



					services									



					careers									



					contact									



					privacy									



					legal									



 
 








   
 find your 
 dream job 
today ! 




search... 























it support services
smooth platform for your computing needs.











custom software development
smooth platform for your computing needs.








database administration
smooth platform for your computing needs.









job details

log in and apply
register and apply



position:
web application developer (ref: 3380)


location:
atlanta,ga,30313,united states


duration:
4 months 16 days - contract


openings:
1

pay rate:login 
description:
		submission deadline:   12/22/17

primary function will be core development of web applications in a fast paced environment using agile methodology. the developer will work with a team lead and different business segments both inside and outside of technology departments. a successful developer will be comfortable interacting with different groups within the technology and within different business areas to understand the user experience (ux) goals of business requirements, provide clients with pertinent feedback relative to pros/cons of development course and understand how to match existing user interface (ui) guidelines to meet requirements within the outsystems platform.  daily activities will include the development of functional components including pages, processes and custom ui in outsystems.

competencies and skills:
•	experience and comfort with agile methodologies
•	ability to interpret business requirements and think through “logical” next steps
•	ability to do basic data modeling and enforce proper referential integrity constraints
•	understanding of rapid application development(rad) best practices and implementation
•	understanding of full stack development
•	understanding of best practices for web application security
•	proficiency in web based languages (javascript, jquery, css, html)
•	proficiency with oracle sql
•	proficiency with asp.net
•	proficiency with web services (rest and soap)
•	proficiency with outsystems service studio & integration studio
required / desired skills
bachelor’s degree in computer science or related field and at least 2 years of experience building web applications  (required 4 years)outsystems specific development experience (required 1 years)web application development (required 3 years)outsystems certification: web associate developer or higher (required 1 years)proficiency in web based languages (javascript, jquery, css, html) (required 3 years)oracle sql (required 3 years)asp.net (required 3 years) 

log in and apply
register and apply



















					privacy policy									



					terms of use									



					sitemap									



					faq									



					contactus									






copyright @ www.professionaltechintegration.com.2011 all rights reserved





 
 



