



equifax - job - ui developer




















  .search all jobs at equifax search









search








ui developer


				apply
			



job number:
								12885
						

position title:


external description:
position summary:as a ui developer, you will be responsible for creating the platform manager ui for our core exchange platform, which is being rolled out across all of equifax globally. the ui developer is essential to taking continuous feedback from clients and improves on the ui of this platform. the ui developer position is responsible for working with management to design, architect and implement the platform ui.as part of the core exchange platform (cep) team you will be working on a big data team which is creating a platform which is being rolled out across equifax globally. this platform will be used for big data batch reporting that is requested both internally and by equifax customers.additional responsibilities of the ui developer include:working with the manager to design, architect and implement the platform manager uiparticipate in the scrum calls and ensure the rest services are designed as expectedworking and coordinating with other technical teams around the world to deliver projects, to share knowledge, and to build skills and expertise.required skills:2+ years of development experience, with a focus on uihtml5, angular js/java script and other frameworksspring and hibernatemvc and ui design patternssecurity and single sign-oninternationalization and localization.preferred skills:jsonbusiness layer and backend services designeducation : bachelor's degree or equivalent experienceprimary location:usa-atlanta-one-atlantic-centerfunction:function - it product engineeringschedule:full time
						
					
						
city:
								atlanta
						

location_formattedlocationlong:
								atlanta, georgia  us
						

state:
								georgia
						

community / marketing title:
								ui developer
						

company profile:


requisition number:
								j00053670
						

eeo employer verbiage:
								<p>equifax is an equal employment opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, or disability status.</p>
						





				apply
			


not ready to apply?
save for later


share this job





other jobs at equifax


lead java developer

leeds, uk-yh

senior software engineer

leeds, uk-yh

software engineer, prod dev - intermediate

st. louis, mo

acro systems lead

alpharetta, ga

software engineer, prod dev - intermediate

st. louis, mo



search







® 2017 equifax, inc. all rights reservedequifax and the equifax marks used herein are trademarks of equifax inc. other product and company names mentioned herein are the property of their respective owners.privacy policy® 2017 equifax, inc. all rights reservedequifax and the equifax marks used herein are trademarks of equifax inc. other product and company names mentioned herein are the property of their respective owners.
privacy policy



