
front-end web designer & developer job - ams vans llc - tucker, ga | indeed.com






















skip to job description, searchclose










find jobscompany reviewsfind salariesfind resumesemployers / post job







upload your resume


sign in







:







what
where





advanced job search


 

 



 



job title, keywords or company


city, state, or zip












front-end web designer & developer

ams vans llc
     -
tucker, ga


ams vans is actively seeking a front-end web designer & developer for our headquarters located in tucker, ga.the front-end web designer & developer is responsible for research, development, design, implementation, and real-time updates of all company web properties. this professional will collaborate directly with the lead web developer and other members of the i.t. and marketing departments.the ideal candidate for this role has a proven ability to:conceptualize and execute a user interface expressed through design ideas that align with our brand;demonstrate expert skill in html, css, and javascript; and,ask the necessary questions of a non-developer to transform ideas into reality.job requirements include: 3+ yrs knowledge of html, css2+ yr knowledge of javascript/jqueryexperience with common software development tools, including source control tools (e.g. git), build automation, and testing toolsexperience with content management systems (e.g. wordpress) is a pluspreference given to: experience with php/wordpressexperience with bootstrapui/ux skills including photoshop, illustrator, mockups/wireframe system, etc.previous freelance experiencejob type: full-timerequired experience:html: 3 yearsjquery: 2 yearscss: 3 yearsjavascript: 2 years

30+ days ago   -  save job









» apply now

            please review all application instructions before applying to ams vans llc.






other jobs you may like


web developer, cro

elite sem -
					atlanta, ga
9 days ago

 easily apply



front-end/web developer

istaff inc -
					alpharetta, ga
2 days ago

 easily apply



front-end web developer

airbus aerial -
					atlanta, ga
28 days ago

 easily apply






 









                        ams vans llc


                ams vans is a retailer, manufacturer and renter of wheelchair accessible vehicles and mobility equipment. we sell, deliver and pick up...



let employers find youthousands of employers search for candidates on indeedupload your resume










about - help center


©2017 indeed - cookies, privacy and terms



let employers find you  upload your resume










indeed salary estimatewe know salary is a key component of your decision whether or not to apply for a job. so when the hiring company hasn’t provided a salary for a job, we look at salary data from related companies and locations to come up with a reasonable estimate for what you can expect.with over 450,000,000 salaries collected from other jobs and employees, we use one of the biggest salary databases in the world to inform these estimates. and because we are continually adding feedback from users like you, we are able to keep refining our accuracy.these salary estimates are not endorsed by the hiring companies and may vary from what’s actually offered, but we have a pretty great record of getting close enough for you to make an informed decision.is this your job listing? send us feedback to correct an inaccurate salary estimate.

