








apply for siemens web developer job - marketing - alpharetta, georgia
























skip to main content




















global job opportunities

toggle navigation











global job opportunities
life at siemens
what we do
search careers
faq


global job opportunities
life at siemens
what we do
search careers
faq



careers home
search jobs


					check application status / manage profile
					



global jobs






















































siemens careers






share this job


























web developer


locations:
alpharetta, georgia




job family: marketing





apply

english (us)






job description



division: global servicesbusiness unit: business process shared servicesrequisition number: 214076primary location: united states-georgia-alpharettaassignment category: full-time regularexperience level: mid leveleducation required level: bachelor's degreetravel required: 25%division description:corporate core 
siemens is a global technology powerhouse that has stood for engineering excellence, innovation, quality, reliability and internationally for more than 165 years. as a global technology company, siemens is rigorously leveraging the advantages that this setup provides. to tap business opportunities in both new and established markets, the company is organized in nine divisions: power and gas, energy management, building technologies, mobility, digital factory, process industries and drives, healthineers and financial services.
our support functions are split into two organizations, corporate core and corporate services. these organizations provide essential services to better enable responsible and profitable growth.for more information, please visit: http://www.siemens.com/businesses/us/en/
job description:our siemens business shared services' global marketing team is looking for a full-time web developer in alpharetta, ga.  as the web developer you will lead it projects and support our internal customers from the project start until the successful implementation.
 
main responsibilities include:analyzing and defining business processes to develop innovative and customer specific solutions based on standard platforms. (i.e. sharepoint) configure and develop tools.  with established project management methodologies, extensive testing and continuous quality control you will assure a smooth project process. ability to coordinate complex problems involving various key stakeholders.  positively interact with all internal customers.creation of professional and technical documents during the requirements phase is also part of your main tasks.
 
required knowledge/skills, education, and experience:bachelor’s degree in information systems, it or business with an it focus required  (master’s degree preferred).2+ years of related work experience required, sales and marketing knowledge are ideal.solid understanding of business process analysis, design and optimization.development skills in web-based technologies like javascript, jquery and html are required. sharepoint expertise is highly desirable.results driven and excellent problem solving abilities.fluency in technical, legal and business terminology.good negotiation, influencing and networking skills in a global environment.ability to work cooperatively and collaboratively with all stakeholders (team player). customer oriented service mindset.professional demeanor, ability to interact and present to upper management.ability to prioritize and organize work effectively in order to meet project deadlines. willingness to travel ~25%.
 
*li-jmt



equal employment opportunity statement

      siemens is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer encouraging diversity in the workplace. all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to their race, color, creed, religion, national origin, citizenship status, ancestry, sex, age, physical or mental disability, marital status, family responsibilities, pregnancy, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender expression, gender identity, transgender, sex stereotyping, protected veteran or military status, and other categories protected by federal, state or local law.
    

eeo is the law

      applicants and employees are protected under federal law from discrimination. to learn more,
      click here.
    

pay transparency non-discrimination provision

      siemens follows executive order 11246, including the pay transparency nondiscrimination provision. to learn more,
      click here.
    






 





check application status / manage profile



global jobs
united states jobs


us only: review accommodations for disability
contact us




© siemens ag, 1996 – 2017 |
corporate information |
privacy policy |
cookie policy |
terms |
digital id


jobs & careers on:













jobs & careers on:








© siemens ag, 1996 – 2017 |
imprint






















