 








frontend web developer 










































skip to the content







avid design | we build hospital websites




menu












              
this is avid                                    






careers                    		        







              
solutions                                    






consulting                    		        





development                    		        





content writing                    		        





design/user experience                    		        





analytics                    		        





content management systems                    		        







              
our work                					





              
blog                					





              
contact                					














































home

this is avid

careers

frontend web developer







frontend web developer








frontend web developer

are you ambitious, persistent, and goal-oriented?
can you visualize designs in html/css?
looking to join a team of passionate and dedicated web professionals?
do you thrive in knowing that millions of people annually will be experiencing your work?
 

position and duties:
as a frontend web developer, you will be responsible for participating in the development and support of our websites, web applications, mobile applications and other digital products. our developers work closely with both the creative and development teams to fully realize the ui/ux implementation of our award winning designs. 
 
innovation and excellence are encouraged as a key part of our culture and the diversity of our projects keeps the work engaging, while providing a solid base to grow and improve your craft.
 
as a web developer, you will be responsible for:

implement creative solutions within our websites and content management solutions
work as a key member of a mixed discipline development team in a fun and positive environment.
develop new user facing features to enhance and grow a our client websites
evolve an existing web application to take advantage of the latest and best practices.
collaborate with back end developers in designing and maintaining our web properties
translate ui/ux requirements into lightweight, performant and scalable code.
keep abreast of the latest front end technologies and use them to develop new ideas and concepts 

core proficiencies:

extremely strong front-end development skills in html5, xhtml, css, javascript 
solid knowledge of cms content-editing and template based systems
three to five years of previous experience
excellent organizational skills and attention to detail in an environment that requires working at a fast pace, with regular evaluation and negotiation of priorities
teachable, and a constant learner – reads industry blogs, books, etc., and desires to dive in to learn and shape their role
ability to work under pressure proactively and with limited direction, at peak performance
adobe creative suite 
client-side scripting and motion graphics implementation
understanding and experience creating responsive mobile web
strong team player with high energy and a positive attitude

special consideration will be given to candidates with the following experience:

iphone and android mobile app design
sharepoint design 

compensation:
salary based on experience as well as health and 401k benefits.

apply now
















find us

11675 rainwater drive suite 300
alpharetta, ga 30009







phone us
770.248.1752 





social


facebook
twitter
linkedin
youtube















privacy policy
© 2017



sitemap					


back to the top ↑












