

purered | careers



























 











career homeemployment listingsabout usfaqs



 


your user session will timeout in 5 minutes.  please click ok to continue with your application.

















					front end developer
				


						tracking code
					

						288-768 
					

						job description
					

purered is an integrated marketing solutions provider located in stone mountain, ga.  we create, manage, re-purpose and execute content across all marketing channels. ga is looking for a wordpress developer that will be responsible for supporting existing infrastructure as well as developing new technologies.
 
the ideal candidate must display excellent communication and documentation skills, as well as the ability to work effectively as part of a team. this position requires the developer to be well versed in multiple computer languages and applications for website design and development. some of the essential languages and software for this position include php, html5, css3, and javascript.  the position is largely working within a wordpress environment, so experience with wordpress is a must.  the ideal candidate will have at least 3-4 yrs experience in wordpress and front end technologies.  additional technologies include jquery, other javascript frameworks, and ajax.
 
essential duties and responsibilities:
include the following however other duties may be assigned.

develop new web applications as identified by supervisor and management through packaged and customized applications.
maintain and enhance existing web applications unit and system, engaging users as necessary.
design and implement user-web applications and all internal systems assigned.
work with photoshop files to extract required images for web interface, working with creative personnel as needed.
extend content management systems through theme and feature development
perform complete testing of driven templates, databases and interfaces for ease of use.
candidate must be a team player and willing to teach and to learn.

education and/or experience:

ba/bs in computer science or equivalent.
capable of managing multiple projects simultaneously and work well under pressure.
minimum 2 years’ experience coding user interfaces for web applications and web pages using javascript, html, css, cookies, session variables and related client side technologies for cms systems such as (sharepoint, wordpress, magento and teamsite)
experience with version management systems, such as git.
the ability to communicate and teach non-technical users a must.
develop with regards to seo, site-load, and usability and accessibility best practices. 
strong attention to detail.
ability to work additional hours as needed.
respond proactively to training, technical support and customer service needs in line with provided guidelines.
experience working as part of a software development cycle including interfacing and coordinating work in the development, testing, and production environments.
exposure and experience with agile development/methodology preferred

purered/ferrara is an equal opportunity employer.  background checks and drug screenings are performed on all new hires and required by the agency.


						job location
					

						stone mountain, georgia, united states
					

						position type
					

						full-time/regular
					





							apply
						











								share
							






















					return to job listings
				






employment listingssearch current openingsupdate your profilecreate a job agentupdate job agent
  



purered™ © 2017. all rights reserved | site map











