 









ui developer #0031 job at softvision - tams in johns creek, ga, powered by jobscore















































your browser cookies must be enabled in order to apply for this job. please contact support@jobscore.com if you need further instruction on how to do that.












ui developer
ux/ui design | north atlanta, ga | contract











‹
›




job description


we are a transformational partner
we marry design and engineering language in ways that produce impactful and memorable experience journeys. we partner all the way to continuously improve our clients’ digital maturity. our studio network brings the optimal combination of skill, scale, and cost for each stage of the product development lifecycle. and to do this we need great transformational people that want to impact the projects and organizations that they work with. 
we are looking for an exceptional user experience designer to work with our cross-functional team onsite at our client in the north atlanta area. core to this need are:
candidate should have minimum 2+ years experience working as a visual designer
candidate should have an understanding of user interface design 2+ years of experience designing clean, informational yet captivating user interface visuals for web and/or mobile software applications
portfolio that demonstrates consistent and compelling visual design and ability to articulate why specific visual aspects were used.
past graphic design for mobile application experience highly preferred.
full stack developer - angular js, nodejs, react js, mongo db on mean stack.
ability to develop new approaches to complex design problems and to convey these designs in the form of comps and design specification an eye for detail, and the ability to multi-task across projects, with great ability to prioritize.
self-starter with ability to work both independently as well as collaboratively with cross-functional teams. please bring or provide work samples and/or urls or online portfolio
we are a thriving community of top technology talent that is globally connected. we engage, make, run and evolve the technology that makes many brands that you know and love. so let’s take this journey together. no matter where you are on your digital career roadmap, we can help you grow and have fun doing it. 
pack and move relocation available. softvision llc is an equal opportunity employer. no 3rd party agency candidates.
 





return to softvision - tams


apply for this job










apply for this job


apply for this job


share










not the right job?

join our talent network


location





return to softvision - tams








powered by







applicant tracking


















