




ui developer























search for more jobs
forward this job to a friend

apply by email without registering
apply by creating/using  account


sign in


            language
        


                english
            


                français
            

                español
            










from:




to:



subject:



message:















ok
cancel
























email:



password:



forgot your password?
log in











please enter your registered email address, and we'll email you a link to reset your password right away.

your email






ok








from




subject



resume





browse





browse




browse







message





how were you referred to us? 


referral







ok
cancel






























				previous
			


ui developer





			next
		





ref no.:
17-03596

location: 
atlanta, georgia

start date / end date: 12/11/2017 to 11/09/2018




title: ui developer
location: atlanta, ga (midtown)
duration 12 month contract with possible extensions
 

         expect knowledge of bootstrap – questions on responsive layout, breakpoints, columns
         expert with css, with less preferred. variety of theming questions, priority of css directives, troubleshooting css. ability to create bootstrap product themes.
         expert with jquery – common events and methods, selector usage, ajax with jquery, cors
         experience with additional frameworks. prefer someone who knows some of the latest ecma standard, and possibly some pre-processor, like babel, for cleaner, more concise javascript. if person is expert on angular that will be useful, so additional questions on angular should follow.
         experience on the usage of font awesome, glyphs and sprites.
         any knowledge of asp .net mvc / core  questions, as if person has some familiarity with asp.net they'll be on easier integration terms with other developers, especially if they can use visual studio and check in and debug their updates.
         knowledge of client side debugging techniques, such as fiddler (knowledge of fiddler or charles preferred), chrome debugging tools, console etc.






apply by creating/using  account














ok





