

sr. web developer - php/drupal jobs in atlanta georgia | software/web development job recruiters






































































like us on facebook follow us on twitter connect with us on linkedin follow us on google+ our blog rss feed 
time entry


home
job seekers employers about us search jobs news flash contact us 











         search jobs        


















toggle navigation







 new search
 sign up
 login

















choice technology group
http://cdn.haleymarketing.com/templates/61929/logos/choicetechgroup-hml-small.png
http://www.choicetechgroup.com





sr. web developer - php/drupal





atlanta, 
                        georgia





2017-10-06
job id: 487
industry: software/web development

pay rate:
$65 - $70/hr







job description 




senior web developer
description
this position provides high-quality development and support for our client’ s primary website and associated digital products. the project is focused on both the maintenance and operation of the existing website as well as a cms upgrade and site redesign. it will touch on all aspects of web design, including video, live data integrations, social media integration, content syndication and web analytics. the site architecture includes drupal (7 + 8) as the primary cms as well as custom-built interactive applications and publishing systems.
duties

code – develop dynamic and data-driven solutions for web and digital platforms. participate in the analysis, definition, and scoping of work. work with internal departments to provide associated deliverables. develop (both backend and frontend components), test, integrate, document, and deploy in accordance to turner development standards. write clear, documented, and explainable code. consistently meet or exceed deadlines on projects.
participate – be active in project ideation and design. contribute to task identification, work effort estimates, and work schedules. research new technologies to provide ideas to the team. be able to step in and assist other developers when necessary.
maintain – assist in operational maintenance, update code where necessary, provide on-call support as assigned.

qualifications

full stack development – 5 years in web development required. concentration in either client-side or server-side development is ok, but the candidate needs to be able to work on both sides of the development fence.
git – experience with git merging, branching and pull requests is required. experience with gitflow or similar workflows is handy but not required.
strong php development skills - experience with drupal 8 or other object-oriented php framework. experience with drupal 7 is ok if coupled with experience with oo programming.
strong front end skills, including the use of css preprocessors (sass preferred) and modern principles of javascript development (jquery is required; experience with other js frameworks is useful but not required).
experience with responsive web design.
familiarity with the command line – ability to perform tasks (git, drush, etc) without the aid of a gui.
analytical and critical thinking skills, as well as strong attention to detail.
good interpersonal skills as well as written and verbal communication skills.








meet your recruiter 





krissy hoadley









 apply online





 apply online


not ready to apply?
 apply later


send an email reminder to:
email address










share this job:






 refer a friend
                     
                            
                                refer a friend to earn a referral bonus!
                            
                        



related jobs:


    
    
        there are currently no related jobs. please sign up for job alerts.
    
    

 loading...





































oracle developer jobs
javascript developer jobs
java developer jobs
it staffing agencies
it staffing services
it recruiting companies
software engineer jobs
web developer jobs
it project manager jobs
 


back to top 


like us on facebook follow us on twitter connect with us on linkedin follow us on google+ our blog rss feed 

© 2017 choice technology group | site credits
website design by haley marketing


























