





















time warner, inc. - job details












  time warner careers                    company  about us management operating divisions corporate governance corporate responsibility tw investments global media group strategy    investor relations   newsroom  press releases press contacts media & identity materials    blog   careers  working with us areas of operation search for jobs     facebook link twitter link youtube link instagram link              company   investor relations   newsroom   careers   blog           working with us  why time warner benefits career development diversity going green our stories stay connected    areas of operation  our divisions job spotlight industries interests internships locations    search for jobs   login to access your profile or create a new account.            ?

careers home  pagejob seeker     toolssearch  openingssearch  resultscurrent pagejob  details   

job detailstweetjob 1 of 1   submit to job   send to friend   save to cart          posting job title  tech spring 2018 intern - web developer [eleague]   time warner  division  turner   business unit_tbs  corpo    industry advertisingcable/broadcast television networksgames – development & publishingonline content/services    area of interest  internship/trainee   location  united states - georgia - atlanta   requisition #  161736br   position type  intern   posting job description  eleague is the premium esports tournament and content brand formed in partnership between turner and img that officially launched in 2016. a leader in the delivery of live event experiences, eleague content is regularly showcased on tbs and widely distributed across digital platforms including twitch, youtube and eleague.com.   what part will you play?  we're looking for a web developer who will be responsible for developing web products that advance new ideas for section and page creation, feed development or integration, application development, bug fixing and feature development for eleague. the web developer will also be responsible for development support for eleague.com during live events and participate in operational responsibilities in off hours, depending on the eleague schedule. this role will participate in business requirement gathering and strategic discussions, technology analysis, and actively develop working web pages and products that are capable of migration into production environments. as part of the eleague digital team, this role will take direction from a cross-section of inputs, including business and product management.    what will you be doing?  the web developer intern will work with a technical team and other internal business partners to further our goals for developing a content management system. partnering with other web devs in our global technology & operations organization to launch and populate a new content management system for eleague is the priority, along with bringing an enthusiasm for the gaming culture, networking, and learning new skills.  what do we require from you?  a successful candidate will have a solid work ethic, excellent communication skills, be a self-starter, and willing to take feedback odd hours okay (ops hours will be into evenings)  web development skills with an /emphasis on front end (html, css, js, json) basic photoshop skills preferred: experience with squarespace platform familiarity with esports/cs:go a plus familiarity with drupal  other important requirements:  current student at a senior level, masters level, or recent graduate (within 6 months) computer science, software engineering, or relevant degree familiarity with game development  turner broadcasting system, inc. and its subsidiaries are equal opportunity employers and e-verify users. qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, or protected veteran status.     submit to job   send to friend   save to cart        


         disclamer help international privacy policies       legal and privacy caution concerning forward-looking statements sitemap contact us shop  © time warner 2014. all rights reserved.      



