







full stack web developer | gohealth urgent care careers



































toggle navigation










about gohealth uc
search by location
tour gohealth
physicians and pas/nps
career opportunities







full stack web developer

atlanta, ga (coming soon ) | information technology





position summary:

	at gohealth urgent care, we strive to provide an effortless experience to the patient, provider, and staff experience. we are constantly innovating and looking for new ways to use technology to enhance our customers’ interaction.
	 

	you will be responsible for supporting, testing and updating the next generation of gohealth urgent care online web applications and back-end services.

	 

	you will play a key role in developing patient, provider, and staff facing web applications to achieve outcomes such as allowing a patient to complete their demographic and insurance details an efficient and secure manner and feed the information into the electronic medical record system.

	responsibilities will also include working with gohealth urgent care partners to facilitate efficient integration and support channel partnerships.

	 

	the role will require collaboration with diverse individuals such as physicians, those in positions in marketing and operations leadership, as well as others within the it team. it will require excellent problem-solving skills to anticipate and solve for complexities before launch.

	 

education 

	 


		4-year cs degree required (or equivalent experience)


	 

work experience  

	 


		excellent adult education, training, and presentation skills required.

		experience supporting physician practices with ambulatory emr preferred.
		 


additional knowledge, skills and abilities required

	 


		experience with languages such as node.js, javascript, html, and css.

		knowledge of docker tools/process for software deployment.

		strong communication skills.

		knowledge of sql/mysql databases.

		knowledge in website development and architecture design.

		proficient with both microsoft and *nix familiy of operating systems.

		proven record of success using development practices including agile project management, test driven development, continuous deployment, etc.
		 


additional knowledge, skills,and abilities preferred

	 


		expertise with healthcare business processes within physician practices and associated application software necessary to support those processes within an integrated delivery system.

		build front-end web applications for patient and staff interaction, backend api’s, and databases using various programming and scripting languages.

		develop/update web applications as identified by gohealth urgent care leadership and marketing through packaged and customized applications.

		a solid understanding of web application development processes including the software development life cycle.

		manage production software. you ship it you own it!

		maintain and build the development pipeline to increase speed, production and quality.

		monitor, identify and relieve bottlenecks and restraints on production systems through development and system tuning.

		ensure the production software is scalable, stable and secure.

		gather and analyze information necessary to create feature mock-ups and obtain design approval from appropriate stakeholders.

		use analytical thinking skills to work through complex situations.

		troubleshoot, fix and test software bugs.

		test and document current and future systems and development.

		read through code to find discrepancies which prevent applications from running correctly.

		demonstrate strong multitasking and problem-solving skills to identify errors in software.

		self-motivated, detail-oriented and organized.

		other duties as assigned.


	you'll also be collaborating with a great team of people moving exciting projects forward and working to deliver an effortless patient and staff experience along the way.


gohealth urgent care invites military veterans to apply for our positions.

		 





                           apply now
                           





gohealth provides equal employment opportunities (eeo) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability or genetics. in addition to federal law requirements, gohealth complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities. this policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training.
keywords:job, healthcare, career, employment, opening, staff, benefits, health care, linux, unix, computer science, bachelor's degree, ms in computer science, ms in information systems








                                 apply now
                                 








                           apply now
                           





similar opportunities

software test analyst | corporate headquarters, atlanta, gait support administrator | corporate headquarters, atlanta, gaclinical application analyst | rockville centre, ny

see all similar opportunities


search

career opportunities search







all regions
atlanta metroconnecticutnew yorkportland/vancouversan francisco bay area




all categories
accounts receivableadministrativeadvanced practitionersdirectorexecutivefinancehuman resourcesinformation technologymanagermarketingmedical assistantmedical scribesoperationsphysiciansradiologic technologist








all schedules
full timepart timeper diem


















share on facebook




tweet




share on linkedin




email this job









why gohealth?
gohealth has outstanding urgent care career opportunities, from new york city to san francisco to the portland-vancouver area. and all of these positions have one thing in common: the flexibility to practice urgent care medicine the way it was meant to be, without the stress and bureaucracy of hierarchical organizations. with reasonable work hours that don’t emotionally exhaust or burn them out, providers can balance and prioritize their professional and personal lives. and our practice model helps free them from excessive paperwork and overly burdensome regulatory programs that take away from the time they could spend providing the highest-quality care for their patients.








             the lifestyle you can lead. atlanta is georgia’s state capital and home to approximately half a million residents. well known for its arts, theater, galleries and museums, cultural attractions, and institutions of higher education, atlanta offers many things to do. visit georgia aquarium, the largest public aquarium in the western hemisphere. shop and enjoy great entertainment in underground atlanta. see wildlife shows at zoo atlanta. catch a pro football, basketball or baseball game. foodies will delight in local favorites, such as crab fritters, chicken biscuits, pulled pork sandwiches and salted caramel ice cream. choose from many welcoming neighborhoods to live in, from downtown and midtown to chastain park, and from buckhead to cabbagetown, kirkwood and morningside. there’s also a good selection of public and private schools and nearby colleges and universities. public transportation is excellent, and atlanta is also served by amtrak and hartsfield-jackson atlanta international airport.   












copyright © 2017 gohealth urgent care. all rights reserved.






about gohealth uc
search by location
tour gohealth
physicians and pas/nps
career opportunities




new york
portland/vancouver
san francisco bay area
atlanta
connecticut









gohealth corporate headquarters

5555 glenridge connector, suite 700
atlanta, ga 30342
gohealth urgent care








follow us on twitter





follow us on google+














tell a friend







send link











