captech consulting front end solutions developer | smartrecruiters

front end solutions developeratlanta, gafull-timecompany descriptioncaptech is an award-winning national management technology-consulting firm with an enterprising, entrepreneurial environment. we have achieved four straight years ranked in the top 10 of consulting magazine’s best firms to work for, including a #5 ranking overall in 2015. additionally, we placed 28th within the vault consulting 50 for the second year in a row, including a #5 ranking in work/life balance.at captech you’ll experience a flat organizational structure with access to constant learning -- where your career path isn’t set in stone, and you have unlimited potential for growth. captech is based upon a culture of mutual respect. we look for, and hire the best. the creatively innovative, the technically insightful, the driven, the self-managed, the value conscious, the caring, and the gracious person – these are all qualities that we look for along with a love and a passion for the work that we do.  job descriptionfront end solutions developers at captech are part of an intelligent, highly motivated community of developers who strive to continuously learn the latest tools and architectures to deliver innovative solutions for our clients. they are involved in the design, development and delivery of innovative web solutions in partnership with a variety of fortune 500 clients. captech’s developers enjoy a highly collaborative environment and have many opportunities to learn from and share knowledge with other captech developers, architects, and our clients.specific responsibilities for the front end solutions developer position include:understand the challenges being addressed by an engagement and collaborate with team members, clients, and stakeholders to deliver a technical solution that meet the unique needs of our clients.help our clients maximize the value of their web presence by building accessible, high-performance web applications using the latest web standards.create quality deliverables to communicate technical solutions to appropriate audiences.design, develop, unit test, and deploy web based solutions using common standards and frameworks.leverage captech’s internal programs and self-directed training to continually develop industry relevant knowledge and skills.provide technical mentoring and leadership to more junior resources.qualificationsspecific qualifications for the front end solutions developer position include:demonstrated progression in standards-compliant web development (semantic html and css, unobtrusive javascript, etc.).understanding of performance testing and optimization techniques.ability to present technical ideas and high-level concepts and solutions to internal and external team members with varying degrees of technical knowledge.ability to create responsive website and understand device agnostic development techniques.experience with javascript libraries and frameworks (angular, jquery, emberjs, backbone).familiarity with css pre-processors (less, scss/sass, compass).understanding of front end development best practices (accessibility, 508/wcag compliance, performance optimization, seo).experience in integrating ui technologies with content management systems (drupal, sitecore, sharepoint, etc.).high proficiency with development tools and workflows (modern source control systems, unit testing, continuous workflow, etc.).ability to convert photoshop mockups to valid cross-browser webadditional informationwe offer challenging and impactful jobs with professional career paths. all captechers can keep their hands on technology no matter what position they hold. our employees find their work exciting and rewarding in a culture filled with opportunities to have fun along the way.at captech we offer a competitive and comprehensive benefits package including, but not limited to:competitive salary with performance based bonus opportunitiessingle and family health insurance plans, including dental coverageshort-term and long-term disabilitymatching 401(k)competitive paid time offtraining and certification opportunities eligible for expense reimbursementteam building and social activitiesmentor program to help you develop your careerat this time, captech cannot transfer nor sponsor a work visa for this position. applicants must be authorized to work directly for any employer in the united states without visa sponsorship.candidates must be eligible to work in the u.s. for any employer directly (we are not open to contract or “corp to corp” agreements).   captech is an equal opportunity employer.  captech is a drug-free work place. candidates must have the ability to work at captech’s client locations.  all positions include the possibility of travel.captech has not contracted/does not contract with any outside vendors in its recruitment process. if you are interested in this position, please apply to captech directly.i'm interestedi'm interestedrefer a friendshare this jobpowered by