


        web developer -        ally commerce -         job board
    

























 






view our website



view all jobs








                                                                         ally commerce                                                                        





thanks for visiting our job board. please review our open positions and apply to the positions that match your qualifications. 



web developer


atlanta, ga                    

full time                

engineering                    

mid level                


















company overview
ally commerce is a turnkey ecommerce solution for brand manufacturers selling direct to consumers. our multi-channel offering includes marketplaces and branded technology that yield significantly greater results for our clients.
this is a rare opportunity to be part of building a rapidly growing business, with strong financial backing, for a product that you believe in.  we are a collaborative, fluid, entrepreneurial, results-oriented team.  
summary
the web developer role at ally commerce will hold responsibility for designing, coding, modifying, and developing front end facing websites for high volume brand manufacturers.  this role should strive to create visually appealing websites with modern development tools and languages that are visually appealing, responsive, and have prominently displayed calls to action.
our ideal candidate is someone who enjoys building a site from concept all the way to completion.  this is a build from the ground up opportunity touching code from the home button to site layout to site functionality through performance and responsiveness.
we work with large brands to build an ecommerce presence, so the sites you build will be high volume, transactional sites where expeditious call to action and lightning fast page processing times are paramount to success.
responsibilities

write well designed, testable, efficient code by using best software development practices for front end development
create website layout/user interface by using standard html/css practices
integrate data from various ally back-end services and databases through rest calls
gather and refine specifications and requirements based on technical needs
be responsible for maintaining, expanding, and scaling assigned sites
stay plugged into emerging technologies/industry trends for front end development for applicability to current sites

required qualifications

open source development experience preferred – lamp stack (linux, apache, mysql, php)
front end magento experience highly desired
html5 / css
css preprocessors (sass/less)
javascript frameworks exposure (ember, react) with javascript tool sets like grunt or gulp
expert knowledge of responsive web design
jquery or angularjs experience
web services (rest/soap)
web interface user design (ui)
ability to build a webpage from scratch using purely html, javascript, and css
expert knowledge of browser compatibility issues
solid understanding of relationship between html, layout, and seo implications

workplace and benefits
the ally commerce workplace is casual in dress but rigorous in all other ways! you will be surrounded by smart people who like to work hard and have fun with each other. we offer the typical benefits including medical, dental, 401k and paid time off.
ally commerce provides equal employment opportunities (eeo) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability or genetics. we prohibit any form of workplace harassment related to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, genetic information, disability, or veteran status.
 

read more



apply for position








            apply for this position        
required*



apply with linkedin







apply with indeed









first name*



last name*



email address*



address
















phone*



resume*

attach resume
                    or
                    paste resume



                        attach resume as .pdf, .doc, or .docx (limit 2mb) or
                        paste resume


 




                            paste your resume here or
                            attach resume file









cover letter*



who referred you to this position?



what's your citizenship / employment eligibility?*
no answeri am a u.s. citizen/permanent residentnon-citizen allowed to work for any employernon-citizen allowed to work for current employernon-citizen seeking work authorizationi am a canadian citizen/permanent residentother 

what's your highest level of education completed?
no answerged or equivalenthigh schoolsome collegecollege - associatescollege - bachelor of artscollege - bachelor of fine artscollege - bachelor of sciencecollege - master of artscollege - master of sciencecollege - master of fine artscollege - master of business administrationcollege - doctoratemedical doctorother 

college or university



gpa



are you 18 years of age or older?*
no answeryesno 

linkedin profile url:*



website, blog or portfolio:



desired salary*



have you ever been convicted of a felony?*
no answernoyes 

if “yes”, you have been convicted of a felony, please explain the circumstances around the conviction:



the following questions are entirely optional.

                        to comply with government equal employment opportunity / affirmative action reporting regulations, we are requesting (but not requiring) that you enter this personal data. this information will not be used in connection with any employment decisions, and will be used solely as permitted by state and federal law. your voluntary cooperation would be appreciated. learn more.
                    



gender

decline to answerfemalemale

 


race/ethnicity

decline to answerwhite (not hispanic)african american/black (not hispanic)hispanic/latinoasianpacific islanderamerican indiannative alaskannative hawaiianmulti-racial

 


veteran/disability status

decline to answerdisabled veteranspecial disabled veteranvietnam era veteran3 yr. recently separated veteran1 yr. recently separated veteranother protected veterandisabled individualnot applicable

 


submit application














×close
forward this position





recipient email address (one)



your name



your email address



enter a message (optional)
the message cannot contain links




human check*




















powered by















