



job application for data scientist at whoop






















          apply now
        
data scientist

        at whoop
      
(view all jobs)

        boston
      


at whoop we’re passionate about solving data challenges on the cutting edge of physiological thought. we’re seeking a talented data scientist, excited to answer never before asked questions by leveraging our massive, growing biometric and performance dataset. your work will directly impact the performance optimization of whoop’s growing elite and professional athlete user base while establishing whoop as a thought leader in performance analytics.
qualifications

degree in mathematics, statistics, computer science, or a related field.
significant years of full-time professional experience in a related area.
significant years of experience applying advanced mathematical and statistical techniques.
knowledge of machine learning and bayesian modeling.
proficient in python.
ability to formulate hypotheses, draw conclusions and deliver results.
excellent verbal and written communication skills.
ability to present findings to stakeholders and communicate results to all colleagues.
understanding of exercise physiology or athletic experience a plus, but not required.

responsibilities

develop mathematical models and algorithms to solve problems.
develop software tools and libraries for analytics applications
identify and build new datasets that would enhance models and decision making
work closely with the product manager and engineers to translate research prototypes into deployed features.








apply for this job

* required
        


first name *



last name *



email *



phone



resume/cv


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 














cover letter


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 

















linkedin profile
    





website
    





how did you hear about this job?
    





are you authorized to work lawfully in the united states?
    


--
yes
no








 



share this job:    













powered by 

 
      read our privacy policy
















