





ui engineer description at cox automotive































skip navigation






cox enterprises
cox communications
cox automotive
cox media group





menu

careers home
why cox
our people
industry innovation
diversity





menu

careers home
working at cci
careers at cox
call center
our people
university relations





menu

careers home
why cox automotive
our brands
our people
campus





menu

careers home
why cmg
our people
cmg in the community
campus/early career







at cox, you don’t just have a job, but the opportunity to grow and advance across many dynamic industries.




search all cox automotive jobs


keyword or job number



location



radius
radius
5 miles
15 miles
25 miles
35 miles
50 miles



go


cox team member site
search all cox jobs




apply now
ui engineer
location atlanta, georgia
job number 1717107 brand cox automotive
descriptionthe user interface engineer is responsible for
planning, designing, and producing websites and other screen based digital
media solutions.  the user interface engineer
also plays a role in providing advice and guidance, and monitoring emerging
trends.key responsibilities: agile planning·works with product management to understand the
challenges that end users face and partner with customers to design viable front-end
solutions.     ·provides input into story sizing, backlog grooming,
and release planning for front-end solutions.product development·designs, creates, develops, and maintains dynamic
user interface templates for multiple applications, complete with page-level
unit testing  ·architects and implements front-end frameworks to
increase development speed-to-market. ·develops dynamic web pages for high-volume,
multi-tier, architecture-based applications.       ·   performs trouble-shooting efforts and investigations
when necessary.application support     ·    provides ongoing support, monitoring, and
maintenance of deployed products.advice and guidance·    actively works with less experienced user interface
engineers providing technical guidance and oversight.emerging technology monitoring·    actively participates in the engineering community,
staying up to date on new web development technologies and best practices and
shares insights with others in the organization.qualificationsrequirements:working experience in design, development, and
implementation of highly scalable, high-volume software systems and components,
client-facing web applications, and major internet-oriented applications and
systemsworking experience realizing applications from
conception and design, to implementation and supportworking experience in coding within front-end
technology stacks (e.g. html/xhtml/dhtml, css, javascript)working experience designing and developing content
management systemsworking experience with user interface design
patterns and visual design elementsworking experience with application lifecycle
methodologies (e.g. agile, iterative)working experience in analysis, design and
programmingworking experience with appropriate database technology preferred requirements:bachelor’s degree in computer science or related
field or equivalent combination of industry related professional experience and
educationscrum developer certification or equivalent2 - 5 years of working experiencecox automotive is
transforming the way the world buys, sells and owns cars with industry-leading
digital marketing, retail, financial and wholesale solutions for consumers,
dealers, manufacturers and the overall automotive ecosystem worldwide. the cox
automotive family includes autotrader®, dealer.com®, dealertrack®, kelley blue
book®, manheim®, nextgear capital®, vauto®, vinsolutions®, xtime®, incadea® and
a host of other brands. with a complete and connected view of the automotive
ecosystem, cox automotive is a global company connecting people, cars and
capabilities with services that link the automotive value chain. cox automotive
is a subsidiary of cox enterprises. for more information about cox automotive,
visit www.coxautoinc.com.organization: cox automotiveprimary location: us-ga-atlanta-3003 summit blvdemployee status: regularjob level: individual contributorshift: day jobtravel: noschedule: full-timeunposting date: ongoing
apply now




share this opportunity

linkedin
facebook
twitter
google+
email



get job listings that match your profile



join our talent community
join here to receive the latest company information, news and upcoming events across cox businesses.



sign up for job alerts

your email addressenter category and/or location, then click add. you must enter at least one criteria to sign up.interested incategorylocationaddinformation technology, atlanta, georgia, united statesremoveremove

confirm email










    jobs.coxautoinc.com is the only official website for employment opportunities with cox enterprises and its affiliates. applications for employment on any other website will not be considered. cox does not hold online interviews on social media sites such as google hangouts. if you have been requested to apply for an employment opportunity other than through jobs.coxautoinc.com, or, if you have sought out career opportunities with cox and found a different website in your search, you should not submit your application, nor should you provide any personal identifying information such as a social security number, birth certificate, financial institution information, driver’s license number or passport information.







careers website

linkedin
facebook
twitter
instagram



cox enterprises
cox
cox automotive
cox media group


our brands


column 1

aim
autotrader
autostreets
bitauto
carsguide
central dispatch



column 2

dealer.com
dealer-auction.com
dealer solutions
dealertrack
dealshield
homenet



column 3

incadea
jingzhengu
kelley blue book
mahindra first choice
manheim
manheim international



column 4

modix
molicar
motors.co.uk
movex
nextgear capital
ready logistics



column 5

rms automotive
vauto
vinsolutions
xtime










about us


cox automotive is a leader in vehicle remarketing services and digital marketing and software solutions for automotive dealers and consumers. cox automotive, a subsidiary of atlanta-based cox enterprises, includes manheim, autotrader, kelley blue book, and a host of global businesses and brands serving customers such as auto dealers, manufacturers and financial institutions. headquartered in atlanta, cox automotive employs over 30,000 team members in over 200 locations worldwide. we partner with more than 40,000 dealers and touch over 65 percent of all car buyers in the u.s. with the most recognized brands in the industry. we unite over 25 brands in this space, providing an end-to-end solution to transform the way people buy and sell cars every day.

































contact us

cox automotive, inc.3003 summit blvd. suite 200atlanta, ga 30319
email: 
                        













privacy policy | 
                    visitor agreement | 
                    sitemap
© 2017 cox automotive. all rights reserved.
                

facebook
twitter
youtube
google+
linkedin












twitter
youtube
linkedin
facebook
instagram
glassdoor
















