


amazon.jobs:amazon alexa iot - software engineer - kendall square in cambridge, ma.

















































please enable cookies to continue
please enable cookies in your browser to experience all the personalized features of this site, including the ability to apply for a job.





returning candidate?

log back in!





amazon alexa iot - software engineer - kendall square in cambridge, ma.



amazon alexa iot - software engineer - kendall square in cambridge, ma.




job id 

584194




location 
us-ma-cambridge





posted date 

12/7/2017




company 
amazon corporate llc





recruiting team 

..











job description







software development engineer - amazon alexa - cambridge, ma. candidates with or without machine learning experience are invited to apply. resumes can be submitted to our career site or via alexabostonjobs@amazon.com for consideration. thank you..interested in machine learning? how about amazon echo, speech and language understanding, or computer vision? we’re building the machine learning platform behind amazon echo and other amazon products and services. we’re working hard, having fun, making history; come join us!as a member of the amazon alexa digital products machine learning data platform team, you will be responsible for leading the development and launch of core platform features. you will have significant influence on our overall strategy by helping define these features, drive the system architecture, and spearhead the best practices that enable a quality product.the ideal candidate is clearly passionate about new opportunities and has a demonstrable track record of success in delivering new features and products. a commitment to team work, hustle, and strong communication skills (to both business and technical partners) are absolute requirements. creating reliable, scalable, and high performance products requires exceptional technical expertise, a sound understanding of the fundamentals of computer science, and practical experience building large-scale distributed systems. this person has thrived and succeeded in delivering high quality technology products/services in a hyper-growth environment where priorities shift fast.responsibilities:responsible for the development and maintenance of key system featureswill work with other team members to investigate design approaches, prototype new technology and evaluate technical feasibility.will work in an agile/scrum environment to deliver high quality software against aggressive schedules.







basic qualifications







basic qualifications:bs in computer science or equivalent.6+ years of industry experience.programming in one or more object-oriented languages like java, python, c#, ruby, objective c, and c++experience building scalable infrastructure software or distributed systems for commercial online services.analytical abilities and proven design skills.







preferred qualifications







preferred qualifications:ms or phd in computer sciencemastery of the tools of the trade, including a variety of modern programming languages (java, javascript, c, c++, objective c, python, ruby, c)experience developing cloud software services and an understanding of design for scalability, performance and reliability.development experience defining, developing and maintaining rest based interfaces.excellence in technical communication with peers and non-technical cohorts.strong sense of ownership, urgency, and drive.demonstrated leadership abilities in an engineering environment in driving operational excellence and best practices.demonstrated ability to achieve stretch goals in a highly innovative and fast paced environment.https://www.amazon.jobs/alexa-machine-learning amazon.com is an equal opportunity-affirmative action employer – minority / female / disability / veteran / gender identity / sexual orientationamazon was founded by jeff bezos in 1994 and is the world’s largest internet based company in the world by total sales and market capitalization. amazon is a company of builders and we strive to invent products and services which benefit our customers.   a brief sample of our innovations would include:   amazon alexa (echo) is a new category of device designed around your voice. our mission is to push the envelope in automatic speech recognition (asr), natural language understanding (nlu), and audio signal processing, in order to provide the best-possible experience for our customers   amazon kindle e-reader is part of the devices team which also includes fire tv, fire tablets, and amazon dash   amazon audible is the world’s largest seller and producer of spoken audio entertainment, information and educational programming. machine learning, speech recognition and data mining techniques are utilized to create scalable solutions for business problems   amazon web services (aws) offers a robust, fully featured technology infrastructure platform in the cloud comprised of a broad set of compute, storage, database, analytics, application, and deployment services.    tags: amazon, amazon alexa echo, iot, internet of things, aws, java, java, java, c++, c++, c, cloud, cloud, machine learning, machine learning, ml, speech recognition, speech recognition, distributed systems, distributed, big data, big data, computer vision, cv, nlu, natural language understanding, automatic speech recognition, asr, aws, amazon web services, large scale distributed file systems, boston jobs at amazon, boston massachusetts, cambridge, massachusetts, 02142, java software development engineer, senior software engineer, 






apply for this job onlineapplyshareemail this job to a friendrefer



share on your newsfeed
















