









career center





























toggle navigation










about 

clients
faq
global reach
news
team



services 

science and health
information management
management consulting
bioinformatics



capabilities 

science and health
information management
management consulting
bioinformatics
global reach


contracts
careers
contact












new search
                       
                    


login page
                       
                    














position description























 



web javascript developer




location


ga - atlanta




refid


1




apply now
job title: web javascript developer (part-time)
position number:  1707-mts-web-js
position location: atlanta, ga
anticipated start date: september 4, 2017
applications accepted until: august 11, may close earlier if filled
travel:  none
ihrc, inc. provides scientific, information management, management consulting, bioinformatics, and administrative program support to the centers for disease control and prevention (cdc) and other federal and private sector clients.  the successful candidate will be a part-time employee of ihrc, inc., and will be assigned to the ihrc facility in dunwoody (atlanta), ga to support a 3-month project that ihrc is performing, for up to 20 hours/week.
scope of work
the web javascript developer will design and develop relatively complex web applications involving new javascript technologies, methods, concepts, and approaches.
major duties and responsibilities

design and develop relatively complex web applications involving new javascript technologies, methods, concepts, or approaches.
based on functional and conceptual design specifications, develop user interfaces (ui) using your expertise in user experience (ux) design, implementing secure web applications, and integrating with back-end rest web services using json for data exchange.
independently review and analyze system output for validity and accuracy.
use web development methods such as responsive web design, single-page design, serverless computing, css, javascript, html5, jquery, and json.
integrate web page components with back end rest web services (apis) for all web application functionality using json data exchange.
create accessible web ui that are federal section 508 compliant and conform to established security, and other web standards.
debug and test web applications.
produce high-quality documentation for code, design specifications, and test plans.

 
minimum qualifications
education and experience:

bachelor’s degree plus 3 years of relevant web development experience, or
associate’s degree plus 5 years of relevant web development experience

 
required:

3-5 years of java web development experience
2 years of angular.js development experience
experience in latest web development methods such as responsive web design, single-page design, serverless computing, css, javascript, html5, jquery, json, etc.
experience integrating web page components with backend rest web services (apis) for all web application functionality using json data exchange
ability to properly document code and follow existing coding standards
background creating accessible web sites that are federal section 508 compliant and conform to established security, and other web standards
experience debugging and testing web applications
experience working closely with a devops / agile development team
required to work onsite at ihrc office in atlanta georgia

desirable:

portfolio demonstrating advanced design skills, creativity, data visualization and a mix of low fidelity and high fidelity ux design deliverables
experience applying brand visual design and content guidelines consistently across several products
experience migrating a angular.js 1.0 web application into angular.js 2.0
experience with haml, sass, and coffeescript web development tools
experience creating web site graphic art
experience planning and facilitating user research and usability tests
experience with automated web application test tools
experience working closely with an agile development team

language skills:

the candidate must possess excellent oral and written communication skills in english   

requirement:

must be united states citizen or permanent resident or have authorization for employment in the united states

salary:  commensurate with qualifications and experience
to apply for this position:

if you are viewing this position on the ihrc career center, please click on the "apply now" button.  
if you are viewing this position on a site other than the ihrc career center, you may use the “click to apply” link, or you may apply by visiting our career center and searching for the position number listed at the top of this position description.  
to view all of our open positions, and to apply to those positions in which you may be interested, please visit our career center, which can also be reached by visiting www.ihrc.com/careers and clicking on the “view opportunities” link.

 
ihrc, inc. is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer.  it is the policy of ihrc, inc. to provide equal employment opportunities without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, and veteran or disability status and to take affirmative action in accordance with applicable laws and executive orders.
 

back
email
apply now










 about ihrc

ihrc, inc. is an international consulting and professional services corporation, located in atlanta, georgia, usa. ihrc is a minority woman-owned small business and participates in the 8(a) business development program of the u.s. small business administration.

8(a) certified 
duns#: 793513867
ihrc, inc is an equal opportunity employer



+ read more



 get in touch

address : 2 ravinia drive, suite 1200
atlanta, ga, 30346

phone : 678-615-3220
fax : 770-559-6352
email : resume@ihrc.com
 







 recent news

 


 news from ihrc, inc.
our news page contains updates about us.+ read more


 copyright 2016 ihrc, incorporated. all rights reserved.  



















