





		web developer cro - careers at elite sem	



























career opportunities with elite sem
a great place to work.









careers at elite sem









share with friends or subscribe!





 





current job opportunities are posted here as they become available.
subscribe to our rss feeds to receive instant updates as new positions become available.










		    back to openings		    






web developer, cro

 department:
cro
 location:
atlanta, ga

start your application
the web developer, cro is an integral part for elite sem’s overall success leading development and implementation of ab testing experiences across a multitude of websites and platforms for various clients. the web developer, cro will assist team members with mockups “in browser,” transcribe photoshop mock-ups to efficient and well marked-up code, and ensure compliance across all desktop and mobile browsers by debugging and qaing. this role will report into the director of cro. if you work well in a fast-paced environment, love building front-end test variants in html and javascript, we want you!
 
essential functions:

develop a/b test variations (simple to complex) for desktop and mobile for various e-commerce and marketing websites.
use strong dom markup, object oriented javascript, and jquery to implement these experiences in various a/b testing platforms (optimizely, convert, etc)
qa your carefully built variations to ensure cross-browser compliance and that targeting & segmentation satisfies the testing strategy
assist with design process by creating mockups in chrome inspector
provide technical audits of testing opportunities and advise on experiment limitations
use css & html w3c standards to develop code with stellar pagespeed scores.
lead the qa and technical review of experiment setup to ensure targeting and segmentation satisfies the testing strategy
actively research efficient executions for experiment integration and setup
brainstorm creative front-end development solutions to achieve intended functionality with cro team
manage your time to deliver finished code with reasonable deadlines. communicate regularly w/ team members to set these expectations.

core competencies:

functional/technical skills - strong functional and technical knowledge and skills within web development 
standing alone - can be counted on, willing to be the only champion for an idea or position, comfortable working alone on an assignment 
problem solving - uses rigorous logic and methods to solve difficult problems with effective solutions
time management - uses time effectively/efficiently, prioritizes projects, gets more done in less time
customer focus - dedicated to meeting and exceeding expectations to customers, establishes and maintains effective relationships with customers
action oriented - enjoys working hard, full of energy for new challenges, seizes opportunity

 
requirements:

2+ years of experience front-end web development experience (html & css)
passion for front end dev -- eagerness to learn new frameworks and tackle new challenges from various clients
experience with developing single page applications (spas): vue.js, react.js, or angular.js
debugging using chrome inspector (or similar)
experience with responsive frameworks (foundation, bootstrap, etc)
advanced javascript skills including dom-manipulation and jquery
experience implementing a/b experiments
advanced excel skills
design experience is a plus (photoshop, sketch, etc.)

 
preferred requirements:

experience in optimizely (or other ab testing platforms)
experience with shopify (or other e-commerce platforms) 
knowledge of good design and ux practices

 
benefits & perks:

great company culture. we offer flexible work schedules, work from home days, and unlimited paid vacation time.
great team members. we hire people based upon our core values so the people you are surrounded with have similar values that you do!
small team, big impact. everything you do makes a difference.
fair compensation. competitive salary and benefits.
executive benefits package. 4 months 100% paid maternity, employer matched 401-k, short & long term disability, educational stipends, and more!

 

 
 
disclaimer: this description has been designed to indicate the general nature and level of work performed by employees within this position. the actual duties, responsibilities, and qualifications may vary based on assignment or group. elite sem is an equal opportunity employer. all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, religion, national origin, marital status, age, disability, veteran status, genetic information, or any other protected status.
 
flsa classification: exempt
 
working conditions: working indoors, sitting at a computer for extended periods of time, lifting no more than 10 pounds.

start your applicationor 






 visit our home page © 2017 elite sem 

applicant tracking system powered by 

















