





web developer - dallas





























































            web developer - dallas        









 return to job opportunitiesjob detailslevel experiencedjob location dallas - dallas, txposition type full timeeducation level 4 year degreesalary range undisclosedtravel percentage negligiblejob shift dayjob category information technologydescription description
do you want to write code and build a product that is used by millions across the country? then you should be a part of one of the fast growing technology companies in the country. our systems utilize a variety of platforms including web and windows based technologies. join us at paycom and use your coding experience to solve unique and challenging problems and find out what it’s like to take your career to the next level!
 
position purpose
provide high-paced software development for both internal and external projects where strong verbal and written communications skills are necessary. external projects will integrate our products and services with outside entities (vendors, clients, and other third parties). most projects will need utilize strong organizational skills along with payroll, accounting, or benefit industry knowledge.
software developers will work in a team environment to support and extend paycom’s list of product offerings. in doing so, they may be exposed to multiple areas of software development and computing such as:
web software development
windows software development
database design and sql
component technologies (ex. com, ejb, etc.)
integration and exchange protocols (ex. xml, soap, etc.)
 
responsibilities
software development of variety projects ranging from industry-wide services to client-specific reports resulting in edi (electronic data interchange) and other interfacing technologies.
collaborate with team of developers, production support, customer support, clients, and vendors on software projects of all sizes.
will need to work in close communication with outside entities (clients, vendors, and third parties) as though they are teammates in any project.
perform the quality assurance and integration testing for projects after development is completed and before projects are deployed.
manage and track communications with client/vendor, being primary project contact for some projects.
adhere to the organizational processes and the tracking of project metrics, including financials and projects statuses.
regular attendance as required
performs other duties as assigned
qualifications education/certification: 
a bachelor’s degree in computer science or related field
 
experience required:
must have prior experience using at least 3 other software development tools and architectures. must show multi-programming language capabilities in job history. or
	some experience in payroll, financial, benefits, or banking software.
business familiarity with 401(k) plans, income deferrals, and payroll taxes.
experience in supply chain and business application systems (erp) and terminology.

 
skills and abilities:
demonstrated sql programming and/or database experience. ability to integrate multiple databases.
very strong communication and organizational skills with strong attention to both detail and process.
demonstrated skills with project management tools and methodologies, software development lifecycle, and problem solving.
demonstrated ability to manage multiple concurrent projects. ability to meet stated customer initiated deadlines.
ability to demonstrate thorough business accounting understanding, specifically general ledger transactions.
 
paycom provides equal employment opportunities (eeo) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, pregnancy, military and veteran status, age, physical and mental disability, genetic characteristics, or any other considerations made unlawful by applicable state or local laws. this policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training. paycom expressly prohibits any form of workplace harassment based on race, color, religion, sex, national origin, pregnancy, military and veteran status, age, physical and mental disability, or genetic characteristics. return to job opportunities 




first time user?
create account



returning user? please sign in!


sign in

forgot password?

 


paycom tour


 
victoria's sales story


 
software development


 
implementation representative


 









 








