


careers center - web developer















































please enable cookies to continue
please enable cookies in your browser to experience all the personalized features of this site, including the ability to apply for a job.







welcome page







returning candidate?

log back in!












web developer


job location

us-tx-dallas





type

full-time









overview






on-line strategies, inc. (“ols”), an incomm company, is a software and services company focused on processing complex, large volume, and high-speed transactions, in a mission-critical environment.  ols was founded in 1996.  for additional information regarding ols, please visit www.olsdallas.com. incomm is a leading provider of cutting-edge prepaid products, services and transaction technologies to retailers, brands and consumers. incomm supports more than 400,000 points of distribution and helps retailers build prepaid card destinations, connects brands with new markets and gives consumers a simple, secure shopping experience. incomm stays ahead of emerging trends by analyzing market needs and leveraging its global, innovative commerce platform, go-to-market expertise and extensive partner relationships. with 123 global patents, incomm is headquartered in atlanta and has offices in north and south america, europe and the asia-pacific region. for more information, visit www.incomm.com or follow us on twitter at www.twitter.com/incomm.








about this opportunity






on-line strategies is looking to expand its team with a software engineer - web developer.  this position requires the ability to design and develop websites and web applications that act as user interfaces in incomm.switch, our transaction processing software application.   








responsibilities






on-line strategies handles the growing complexity of payment processing for retailers so they can focus on what they do best – serving their customers. our comprehensive switch platform seamlessly handles various forms of payment, from credit and debit to gift cards and loyalty rewards, empowering our partners to spend their time and creativity on growing their business and developing new products. by leveraging our expertise and experience, you can stay on the cutting-edge of payment operations and stand apart from your competition.      








qualifications






3+ years web development (jquery, html, css, javascript, angular2 (or similar front-end web application), node.js, html5)experience with open source application frameworksexperience developing using agile practices (scrum and tdd)experience participating in the full lifecycle of projects, including effective use of version control, build management, unit testing, and issue tracking softwareunderstanding of, and experience with, software development best practicesfamiliarity with pci dss and secure coding frameworks such as owaspexperience developing web services (ex. restful or soap) and strong experience utilizing xml and json web developer requirementsup to date on current web design trends and best practicesstrong understanding of responsive design and mobile-first design principlesexperience with bootstrap or similar front-end frameworkable to develop a plan for iterative design and utilize feedback from end-usersstrong design backgroundknowledge of proper web page layout with the ability to create rapid mockups other requirements:technical background with good english-writing skills.strong communication, collaboration and team-work skills.self-starter who is resourceful and able to handle multiple projects simultaneously.a person that takes pride and ownership in their work.located in dallas fort-worth area.ability to work during off-hours as required. ols/incomm is an equal employment opportunity employer.  we adhere to a policy of making employment decisions without regard to race; color; religion; national origin; sex; sexual orientation; pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions; age; disability or handicap; citizenship status; service member status; or any other category protected by federal, state, or local law. *this position is eligible for the employee referral bonus program





options

apply for this job onlineapplysharerefer this job to a friendrefer


sorry the share function is not working properly at this moment. please refresh the page and try again later.

share on your newsfeed






application faqssoftware powered by icimswww.icims.com









