


    wordpress developer at odyssey storyworks






























                    makestorieshuman.com
                

                    website
                    
















wordpress developer

dallas, texas, united states
full-time





position overview
odyssey seeks a wordpress developer development manager to concept, architect and build amazing web platforms for leading brands and destinations. we are a story and publishing studio working with leading brands in travel, lifestyle and entertainment. we’re technology agnostic seeking the best solution for the given need but often work in lamp, wordpress and advanced front-end frameworks like angular.js, meteor.js and react.js. we’re a team of eight who utilizes long-term contract relationships with specialist developers around the world.
now about you:

you’ve likely built multiple wordpress sites from start to finish and love it as a cms and web platform solution.
you probably got started on your own – a one person shop who knows all elements are how to execute fantastic web projects.
you’re more technical doing mostly front-end work with a touch of backend but you’ve probably had to get your hands dirty in photoshop.
you’re ready to step forward in your career and want to be surrounded by a great aggressive team who works with leading brands and destinations around the country.
you’re self-motivated. you can’t put your name on it until is fantastic.

we’re a story studio working in platforms (web development), content, amplification and publishing.  you’ll work with fantastic interactive art directors, producers, content strategists and storytellers.
you play well with others but you aren’t afraid to stand up for what you think is right. you’re diplomatic and flexible, and you’ve got what it takes to influence others. you see the big picture, but you also find satisfaction in making every detail right.
you are calm under pressure and know how to navigate the waters of a fast-paced, creative organization. you live and breathe web development and are always working to foster an environment where all team members can do their best work.
key accountability
the wordpress developer is primarily accountability for the following areas:

concepting and architecting technical web solutions to meet goals
pitching clients on new technology-powered ideas
serving as odyssey’s senior discipline expert on web development
creating requirements and related documentation to ensure the successful execution of projects

 responsibilities

turn-key wordpress development including custom theme development, html, css, php (in conjunction as appropriately with senior back-end development contractors)
understand the user-centered design process, including personas, task analysis, task flows, content audits, content strategies, and user testing
oversee and assist producers in creating requirements for marketing web projects.
guide the development of technical specifications.
present ideas and project scopes with confidence to agency leadership and clients  
manage project roadmap, participating in stand up, sprint planning and retrospectives.
communicate clearly and effectively to management on the plans, status and critical issues. escalate urgent issues appropriately and driving them to closure in a timely manner. file, track, and manage bug cases; review, prioritize and triage bugs in efficient timely manner.

qualifications

bscs or equivalent degree or experience
3+ years of digital design or marketing/communications industry experience and production environments.
proficient in wordpress (custom theme development, custom post types)
strong understanding of responsive front-end development
html, css (sass), javascript, php, lamp stack
able to handle multiple projects at the same time.
portfolio/examples of projects (ideally wordpress sites and email templates)
strong organization and communication skills are basic requirements, as well as the ability to offer unique creative solutions, manage the expectations of your team and your clients, and stay in active communication with the creative teams and studios. 
excellent presentation and communication skills.
must be able to prioritize, be a self-starter, take on required responsibility and be detail oriented.
ability to act, partner and influence at varying levels within the organization; build long term relationships with diverse sets of partners. 

benefits

competitive compensation based on experience
a “work anywhere” mentality with a “no clock” watching mentality
incredible freedom – do great work in the manner that works for you
great growth and influence opportunities – speak your mind from day one
unlimited vacation – work hard, enjoy your life, travel the world
health insurance paid 50% by company with leading providers

about odyssey
we are the nation’s leading storytelling studio.  we produce compelling content and stunning  stories amplified through organic and paid content distribution channels. we entertain and educate but never interrupt or disrupt.
 we believe that all media is earned media and thus, are proudly and boldly not an ad agency but rather a studio with full production means to produce and deliver epic storytelling. we combine the principles of literature and journalism with emerging marketing engagement methods delivered on content rich platforms.
learn more at: makestorieshuman.com.





apply for this opening





                                        apply with linkedin
                                    






                                    apply with indeed
                                


apply for this opening at 
                        http://makestorieshuman.recruiterbox.com/jobs/fk0fue2?apply=true



 other openings at odyssey storyworks
                                
see all the jobs at odyssey storyworks here: 
                                    http://makestorieshuman.recruiterbox.com/jobs
                                






                        fetching your linkedin profile ...
                    



application form




                        apply with linkedin
                    





                        apply with indeed
                    






                        first name
                         *
                    




                        last name
                        
                    




                        email
                         *
                    




                        phone
                         *
                    




                        portfolio (sites you've developed)
                         *
                    




                        describe why you're right for this position?
                         *
                    





                        resume
                         *
                    




                        current salary
                         *
                    
















thanks for your time





apply for this opening



                    apply with linkedin
                



                    apply with indeed
                

share this opening with friends








 other openings at odyssey storyworks
                    
see all the jobs at odyssey storyworks here: 
                        http://makestorieshuman.recruiterbox.com/jobs
                    














powered by
recruiterbox















