












a cloud security and compliance solutions company - armor



































































  




search created with sketch.         





logo
created with sketch.








  search created with sketch.        


search:

search created with sketch.         


 login  icon-login created with sketch.        

 ▲
armor management portalamp.armor.com
armor completemy.armor.com
partner portal









armor culture
where ingenuity meets passion.













web developer


location:
dallas headquarters


job code:
525


# of openings:
1



description
armor is looking for an experienced web developer to join our marketing team.  this individual will be responsible for  both back-end and front-end development of our corporate  website.  this position requires a combination of programming skills and aesthetics. the candidate should have a strong understanding of industry trends and content management systems.  a key to success in this role is the ability to communicate effectively with technical as well as non-technical team members.  this role will be an integral part of armor’s continued and successful website evolution.
 
essential duties and responsibilities

responsible for all aspects of website development process  including estimation, design, development, testing, and deployment
establish and guide the website’s architecture, ensuring high-performance and availability, and manage all technical aspects of the cms
convert comprehensive layout and wireframes into an effective, responsive design and turn it into a working theme 
work with stakeholders to gather requirements in order to develop appropriate functionality
review and respond to operational issues, escalating as necessary
work with it management to implement strategic improvements in the implementation process
communicate regular project status to stakeholders

required skills

strong portfolio of web development projects
expert knowledge of html5, css, php, javascript, mysql
solid understanding of web ux and responsive design and ability to ensure    consistent styles across platforms and browsers
experience in wordpress and/or drupal, understanding of apis and plugins is essential
knowledge and demonstrated experience with mobile-first and responsive design cross-platform testing
comfortable working with debugging tools like firebug, chrome inspector, etc.
proficient understanding of code versioning tools (ex. git)
excellent project management and communication skills

education and/or experience

5+ years of developing website code
3+ years of professional experience in interactive, creative or design field (previous digital agency experience a plus)




















are you a returning applicant?












previous applicants:


email:





password:





if you do not remember your password click here.




back to search results


new search














armor culture



where ingenuity meets passion.

















/armordefenseinc







/armor







/company/armor-defense







/channel/armordefense







/armor





about us
site map
privacy policy
acceptable use
contact us




armor exists to protect. each employee feels our passion, knows the vision and lives the company values. diversity is key. everyone on the team learns right away that their role is important to armor’s success. we volunteer our best every day and go to any length to ensure our customers are protected.




                    us +1 844 682 2858  |  uk +44 800 500 3167 


                    © 2017 armor defense inc. all rights reserved. 




chat now
        

 chat-icon-white













