


        frontend developer -        stackpath -         job board
    

























 






view our website



view all jobs















thanks for visiting our job board. please review our open positions and apply to the positions that match your qualifications. 



frontend developer


dallas, tx                    

full time                

account services                    

mid level                


















frontend developer
location: dallas, tx
type: full time                                                                                                                                                      
about stackpath
stackpath is a platform of secure internet services built at the cloud's edge. stackpath services enable developers to build protection and performance into any cloud-based solution—from apps, to games, web sites, and beyond—without needing cloud security and delivery expertise of their own. more than 800,000 customers already use stackpath services, ranging from early-stage enterprises to fortune 100 organizations. headquartered in dallas, texas, stackpath has offices across the u.s. and around the world. for more information, visit stackpath.com and follow stackpath at www.fb.com/stackpathllc and www.twitter.com/stackpath.                                                                                                        
 
about the role
we are seeking a full-time senior front-end web developer who is motivated to apply software engineering principles to the development of user interfaces. the ideal candidate has great communication skills, is passionate about user experience, and is motivated to learn. the environment here is casual yet fast-paced.
essential duties and responsibilities: 
- develop new user-facing features
- build reusable components and libraries
- implement mockups as production-ready code
- write unit and functional tests
- participate in code reviews
- communicate with product and designers to translate design concepts into a deliverable
required skills and experience:
- 5+ years’ experience or demonstrated ability to launch a product from conception to production
- bachelor’s degree in computer science or related field, or relevant industry experience
- ability to create polished user interfaces in angularjs 1.6 and/or react
- proficient in modern web technologies (html5, css3, javascript)
- familiarity with browser testing and debugging techniques
- experience using git flow on a distributed development team
personal characteristics:
- ability to quickly learn new skills and respond constructively to feedback
- excellent analytical and multitasking skills
- ability to perform well in a fast-paced environment
- ability to work both independently and as part of a team
- ability to adapt to change and resolve conflict in a professional manner
- attention to detail in written communication
other details:
at stackpath, we take care of our employees. we provide competitive salaries and a full slate of benefits. we invest in our people to ensure that they have everything needed to excel on the job.
our goal is to make the internet a safer place. we need more help from people with the right passion and skills to help us get there.
 
 

read more



apply for position








            apply for this position        
required*



apply with linkedin







apply with indeed









first name*



last name*



email address*



address
















phone*



resume*

attach resume
                    or
                    paste resume



                        attach resume as .pdf, .doc, or .docx (limit 2mb) or
                        paste resume


 




                            paste your resume here or
                            attach resume file









cover letter*



in 150 characters or fewer, tell us what makes you unique. try to be creative and say something that will catch our eye!*

150


desired salary*
 

what interests you most about this position?*
 

have you ever implemented a user interface in html and ccs/les/sass from a design mockup?*
 

what is your github profile
 

what is your linkedin profile?
 

portfolio link or sharable pdf?*
 

additional notes
 

are you authorized to work for any employer in the us?*
-- no answer --yesno 


submit application














×close
forward this position





recipient email address (one)



your name



your email address



enter a message (optional)
the message cannot contain links




human check*




















powered by















