
software engineer job - pillar biosciences inc. - natick, ma | indeed.com























skip to job description, searchclose









find jobscompany reviewsfind salariesfind resumesemployers / post job







upload your resume


sign in







:







what
where





advanced job search


 

 



 



job title, keywords or company


city, state, or zip












software engineer

pillar biosciences inc.
     -
natick, ma


pillar biosciences' mission is to create technologies that unlock the power of affordable precision medicine. if that inspires you, let’s talk.we are a startup company, with a plan to disrupt the clinical testing market. we are building something from the ground up, leveraging experiences in genomics, clinical testing and patient focus to quickly innovate and penetrate the market. if you thrive in a brilliant, fast-paced, and mission-driven environment, pillar biosciences is the place for you! find out more at www.pillar-biosciences.com.job purposewe are seeking a software engineer who is interested in genome technologies and passionate about applications to clinical diagnostics driven by big data discovery. the applicant will be responsible for providing computational support for our core technology and product development, with opportunities to design and build the infrastructure for data management and analysis.this exceptional opportunity offers the chance to work at the forefront of genomic and cellular understanding of cancer, as well as big data and cloud development. the successful candidate will have the opportunity to innovate, work closely with experimental, regulatory, biological and clinical collaborators.responsibilitiesdevelop and maintain software packages with iso/fda compliance for the analysis of dna high-throughput sequencing data.work with software quality assurance and test engineers to evaluate algorithms and improve analysis software.work closely with research scientists to evaluate and troubleshoot experimental methods.capable of working in a team environment with good communication.qualificationsminimum:bachelor’s degree in computer science or related discipline.experience programming in a professional environment.demonstrated proficiency in python or other scripting languages.familiarity with sql and databases.willingness to work hard and be creative in a fast-paced environment.work both independently and collaboratively with colleagues.proficiency in linux and cloud computing.preferred:a record of accomplishment.familiarity with tdd and bdd methodologies.knowledge of common bioinformatics tools and databases is a plus.experience in bioinformatics and ngs.capable of understanding and translating high-level scientific goals into concrete computational approaches.working conditionsthis position is conducted in a standard office environment. the role routinely requires the use of typical office equipment such as computers, phones, photocopiers, filing cabinets and fax machines. must be able to sit or stand at a computer for long periods of time.additional detailscompany website:  http://pillar-biosciences.com/department:  bioinformaticsdirect reports:  nonelocation:  natick, maclassification:  exempttravel:  nonejob type:  full-timejob type: full-timerequired education:bachelor's

30+ days ago   -  save job









» apply now

            please review all application instructions before applying to pillar biosciences inc..






other jobs you may like


software engineer

the mathworks -
					natick, ma
11 days ago


software engineer

resource technology partners -
					framingham, ma
resource technology partners - 
					1 day ago


software engineer - core vision

cognex corporation -
					natick, ma
29 days ago


software engineer ui

life image -
					newton, ma
1 day ago


software engineer

superior group -
					norwood, ma
26 days ago

 easily apply






 









                        pillar biosciences inc.


                pillar biosciences mission is to create technologies that unlock the power of affordable precision medicine. if that inspires you, let’s...



let employers find youthousands of employers search for candidates on indeedupload your resume










about - help center


©2017 indeed - cookies, privacy and terms



let employers find you  upload your resume









indeed salary estimatewe know salary is a key component of your decision whether or not to apply for a job. so when the hiring company hasn’t provided a salary for a job, we look at salary data from related companies and locations to come up with a reasonable estimate for what you can expect.with over 450,000,000 salaries collected from other jobs and employees, we use one of the biggest salary databases in the world to inform these estimates. and because we are continually adding feedback from users like you, we are able to keep refining our accuracy.these salary estimates are not endorsed by the hiring companies and may vary from what’s actually offered, but we have a pretty great record of getting close enough for you to make an informed decision.is this your job listing? send us feedback to correct an inaccurate salary estimate.

