softrams - full-stack developerfull-stack developerdallas, txdevelopmentfull-timeapply for this jobsoftrams llc is seeking a full stack developer with hands on experience angular 4 who will be part of a collaborative and agile team that supports and builds modern, standards-based responsive web application for mission-critical health it solutions.softrams is a maryland & virginia-based small business information technology, consulting, and solutions provider specializing in emerging technologies for ux/ui, mobile apps, devops, big data analytics, data science, and cyber security. we offer innovative technology implementations and build customer-centric services that are simple, intuitive, scalable, efficient and most importantly usable.we at softrams, believe in agile repeatable processes, modern technologies, intuitive user interfaces, simple solutions, user-centric services that work for our clients and their customers. we emphasize clean, high-quality coding, continuous integration & testing, and automated deployments in scalable hosting environments. we believe in “fail fast” and transparency in our work. softrams is committed to delivering continuous business value to our clients.preference will be given to candidates that are able to work out of our woodlawn, md or leesburg, va locations. this role can also be remote for the right candidate.the ideal candidate:ideal candidate is an angular 4 developer with hands-on experience building modern end to end web applications with mean stack the ideal candidate will have excellent hands-on experience with angular 4, and isomorphic js applications with react.js, flux or redux. the ideal candidate will have a solid understanding of front-end design, prototyping and converting wireframes to responsive web interfaces with bootstrap. the ideal candidate will have hands-on experience building high-performance server-side applications with node eco-system. the ideal candidate believes and well conversant with various automated testing tools to validate the application and build tools. we are specifically looking for:someone who is a great team player and genuinely believes in solving challenges as a team someone who believes in exploring alternatives and quickly build prototyping to validate ideas and help iterate concepts someone who understands and believes in the core tenets of agile both in letter and spirit someone with 3 or more years of experience with developing modular, test first angular js 1.5/2.0 applications, isomorphic js applications with reactjs, flux or redux or similar. someone with 3 or more years of experience working with postgres, mysql or mongodb. someone with 3 or more years of solid hands-on experience building node.js applications. someone with 3 or more years of hands-on experience in using modern build tool chains and package managers (webpack, gulp, grunt, npm etc.) someone with experience testing tools and frameworks like jasmine, protractor or similar. someone with experience developing modern responsive web applications with html5, css3, bootstrap, less, sass, etc. someone with 3 or more years of experience working in agile environments with tools like jira, git, and confluence. candidates with proven certifications and socially available profiles that demonstrate the body of work and participation in modern collaboration hubs. we'd prefer candidates that:can demonstrate proficiency with node js eco-system can demonstrate proficiency with automated test tools can demonstrate proficiency with module angular js applications. while we allow remote video conference during the initial screening process, we do require face to face meeting before final confirmationsoftrams is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer. all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, nation origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability or protected veteran status. as a hubzone certified business, we strongly encourage candidates who reside in a hubzone area to apply. click on the link here to check if you are in the hubzone area (http://map.sba.gov/hubzone/maps/).apply for this jobsoftrams home pagejobs powered by 