






deltek talent management -
						    full stack developer - (1569.1)
					




































 this site attempts to protect users against 
	cross-site request forgeries  attacks. in order to do so, you must have javascript enabled in your web browser otherwise this site will fail to work correctly for you.
	 see details of your web browser for how to enable javascript.


 


attention safari users: this site requires cookies to function. please click here to accept the cookie. cookies will be used strictly for the functioning of the site.






 




jump to









toggle navigation









 job search


 view all jobs




 login


 help 

instructions on this page
help on this page
















 


job details



full stack developer - (1569.1)
×close this details all the information about the job posting.     












share this job as a link in your status update to linkedin.











														
																	job title
																
															

								full stack developer
															



														
																	location
																
															

								corporate - dallas, tx 75219 us (primary)




														
																	category
																
															

								information technology
															



														
																	job type
																
															

								full-time
															



														
																	career level
																
															

								experienced (non-manager)
															



														
																	education
																
															

								bachelor's degree
															



														
																	% travel
																
															

								0 - 10%
															



														
																	job description
																
															

gainsco auto insurance® markets non-standard private passenger automobile products through retail agencies, in texas, new mexico, arizona, oklahoma, florida, georgia, south carolina, tennessee and virginia, and we are expanding into colorado and utah. gainsco auto insurance® has fully integrated insurance capabilities, including marketing, underwriting, customer service and claims handling. our operations are bilingual (english/spanish).
due to company growth, gainsco auto insurance has an immediate opening for an it full stack developer.  we are looking for driven individuals who want career advancement and the opportunity to make a significant impact on our leading organization.
by joining gainsco, you will become part of a dynamic and growing organization that has been recognized as one of the top workplaces in dallas and miami. in 2015, the gainsco dallas home office was one of only 150 companies in the dallas/ft. worth area to be recognized by the dallas morning news as a “top workplace 2015.” the miami office was also recognized as one of the top 35 workplaces in its size category.
our culture attracts engaged individuals who have a desire to contribute and succeed in a dynamic, exciting and growing team environment. our culture encourages individuals to grow their skills as they build their careers. come join us and become a champion with gainsco.
job purpose: ensure the web application is delivered with the performance and flexibility required for the company to meet its goals.
essential job results:

 


 


 


 


 


 


% of time


results expected and duties performed


40


troubleshooting and maintenance programming.  these activities will require occasionally being assigned to the maintenance team to help analyze, monitor, and design and implement solutions to issues that may come up and or small change requests that are not considered long tail initiatives. 


40


work on a team to help design, implement, test, and deliver new application features and or integrations.  some projects will be managed using scrum and others will be waterfall.


20


manage and update all assigned tasks, provide requested status updates, and attend all mandatory meetings and or daily scrum sessions.

 




														
																	job requirements
																
															

education: bachelor degree in computer science or related field
experience: 4 - 8 years of solid technical experience; insurance background preferred
skills and abilities: the ability to handle complex problems effectively, separating complex issues and generating multiple solutions; strong written and oral communication skills; analytical and problem-solving abilities; ability to effectively prioritize and execute tasks in a high-pressure environment; experience working in a collaborative team environment; knowledge of the agile methodology and experience using scrum preferable.
absolute requirements: experience and proficiency with the following:
c# - 4+ years of experience                                                                                   
asp.net mvc- 1+ years of experience
asp.net webforms - 3+ years of experience
tsql - 4+ years of experience
javascript - 4+ years of experience
wcf - 1+ years of experience
orm (entity framework) - 1+ years of experience
linq  - 1+ years of experience         
preferred experience:
jquery
angularjs/angular
biztalk
mq series
cryptography principles
web api
established tenure preferred 
decision making: must follow established steps and procedures
 
compensation: salary commensurate with experience. excellent benefits package: medical, dental, vision insurance, life insurance, short term and long term disability insurance, 401k, paid vacation and holidays.
 
gainsco is an equal employment opportunity employer 
 




 







 
 apply to this job


 
or



















 top of page


						v14.3.5.1 | copyright © 2017 all rights reserved. 
													| deltek talent management
											




















