


careers center - software developer i-ii












































please enable cookies to continue
please enable cookies in your browser to experience all the personalized features of this site, including the ability to apply for a job.







welcome page







returning candidate?

log back in!












software developer i-ii




job id

2017-105584



site name


tx-dallas-douglas building


category

dallas creation center



work location


us-tx-dallas


flsa status

exempt


type

full time


eoe statement

equal opportunity employer - minority/female/disability/veterans.









overview 






  about engineering at bbva compassat bbva, we’re working to make banking better for everyone. that’s where you come in. we’re looking for smart, team-oriented people who want to be part of a first-class workforce that gives people the tools they need to meet their financial goals, all while delivering an outstanding client experience.  digital transformation is at the heart of bbva. it’s how we will achieve our purpose to bring the age of opportunity to everyone. our purpose reflects the bank’s role as a facilitator, offering customers the best banking solutions, helping them make the best financial decisions and making a real difference to their lives. we live in the age of opportunities where technology offers universal access to education and offers many more people than ever before the possibility of embarking on projects and pursuing their dreams. are you a visionary?  are you revolutionary?  our engineering teams are charged with reinventing the banking industry.  we are revolutionizing how banking is done today and how it will be done in the future.  our team is made up of risk taking, intellectually curious, entrepreneurs who want to create the future of banking.   learn more below. 








responsibilities






about bbva dallas creation centerbbva dallas creation center started with the goal of transforming the way financial products and services are delivered to our customers by creating unique and amazing experiences that revolutionize the way we do banking. read more about the dallas creation center here - https://www.bbva.com/en/news/disciplines/technologies/new-dallas-center-accelerates-bbvas-shift-digital-first-mindset/ at bbva, we are looking for candidates like you – talented individuals who possess ambition, creativity and integrity.  as we continue to expand our dallas creation center, our focus is hiring the next generation of talent across data analytics, software engineering, and user experience and design – those who are recent graduates with computer science background.    responsibilitieswork with technical leads and product owners to understand desired application capabilities and testing scenarioswork within agile teams to design, develop, test, implement, and support technical solutions across a full-stack of development tools and technologieslead the solution design, availability, resilience, and scalability of your solution and continuously improve software engineering practicesstay on top of technology trends, experiment with and learn new technologies, participate in internal & external technology communities, and evolve to mentor other members of the engineering community








qualifications






grade 16 qualifications:bachelor’s degree or military experience in computer science, applied mathematics.minimum gpa of 3.3 or higherat least one of year of software development experience (through coursework, projects, internshipsexperience in one or more of the following areas preferred:frontend web technologies (html5, javascript, js frameworks, css)development and programming experience in java / j2eemobile technologies - ios, android and hybrid applications developmentdata engineering - competency with computational tools i.e. python, r, sas. statistical or predictive modeling using artificial intelligence, machine learning.cloud technologies, devops, ci/cd concepts and toolingms degree in computer science preferredspanish language skills preferred grade 18 qualifications:bachelor’s degree or military experience in computer science or applied mathematics and 4 or more of year of relevant software development experienceminimum gpa of 3.3 or highermaster’s degree and 2 or more years of relevant software development experiencerelevant experience in one or more of the following areas:frontend web technologies (html5, javascript, js frameworks, css)development and programming experience in java / j2eemobile technologies - ios, android and hybrid applications developmentdata engineering - competency with computational tools i.e. python, r, sas. statistical or predictive modeling using artificial intelligence, machine learning.cloud technologies, devops, ci/cd concepts and toolingspanish language skills preferred about bbva:bbva is a customer-centric global financial services group founded in 1857. the group is the largest financial institution in spain and mexico and it has leading franchises in south america and the sunbelt region of the united states; and it is also the leading shareholder in garanti, turkey’s biggest bank for market capitalization. its diversified business is focused on high-growth markets and it relies on technology as a key sustainable competitive advantage. corporate responsibility is at the core of its business model. bbva fosters financial education and inclusion, and supports scientific research and culture. it operates with the highest integrity, a long-term vision and applies the best practices. the group is present in the main sustainability indexes.





options

apply for this job onlineapplysharerefer this job to a friendrefer


sorry the share function is not working properly at this moment. please refresh the page and try again later.

share on your newsfeed




connect with us!




not ready to apply? connect with us for general consideration.






email or share this job on your social network!







|
more





application faqsapplicant tracking softwarewww.icims.com









