














career opportunities: web developer-webmaster (43941) 


























javascript is turned off in your web browser. turn it on to take full advantage of this site, then refresh the page.

loading...














skip to main content












career opportunities: web developer-webmaster (43941)




















req id 43941 - posted 11/28/2017 - united states - richardson, tx



 &nbspjob description print preview









	                  apply
	                 
	         	 
              




                  apply using linkedin™
                 
               
              







	                  save job
	                





	                  email job to friend
	                





                  return to list
                







 



we are mavenir.
as a trusted partner, mavenir accelerates and redefines network transformation for service providers. by offering a comprehensive product portfolio across every layer of the network infrastructure stack. from 5g application/service layers to packet core and ran – mavenir leads the way in evolved, cloud-proven networking solutions enabling innovative and secure experiences for end users.
through its industry first volte, vowifi, advanced messaging and cloud ran solutions, mavenir’s platform enables service providers to successfully deliver tomorrow’s vision today and realize new revenue streams.
 
 



office location:


richardson, tx
			  


country:


united states
			 



role summary:


the webmaster’s primary goal is to maintain and optimize mavenir’s websites (mavenir.com, mavenir blog, etc) , and other mavenir digital properties on a daily basis. the webmaster will be responsible for ensuring the site’s code is compatible with various browsers, hosting is optimized for speed, adheres to all accessibility requirements and any site issues are addressed immediately. the webmaster will interface with the marketing and content teams to structure and design website and optimize seos, and to support company initiatives/campaigns.



key responsibilities:




manage the design and layout of all web applications, websites, and web related services and technology utilizing dynamic web interfaces via html5, css3, php, modern java scripts frameworks, and user interface (ui) development.
support web content and assets such as blogs, rss/news feeds, video, and social networking services and their associated apis (if applicable) as it relates to the website 
analyze and assess existing and emerging technologies to determine relevance to existing web environments.
perform maintenance, administration, enhancement and integration of web-based services such as hubspot, salesforce, cvent, and jifflenow.
perform reviews and audits for website and online content for relevance, compliance, and regulations/policy.  i.e., software assessments, standardization assessments, and site structure assessments
manage back-end seo elements such as .htaccess, robots.txt, metadata, site speed optimization, google analytics, etc. 
oversee any website related projects both for conversion optimization as well as ranking/seo/etc, and user experience.
all other duties as assigned





job requirements:




proven experience as a webmaster or web developer
knowledge of linux, wordpress, sitecore or similar enterprise-level content management systems
advanced html, css, javascript, api, cms and network systems knowledge and capabilities
knowledge of web analytics, seo tools and associated digital platforms
experience creating web-based content, brand messaging and digital campaigns
familiarity with the latest digital trends, best practices and methodologies
previous experience with development of seo, content categorization/structure, and content development, distribution and measurement
familiarity with web standards and browser development tools in chrome, safari, firefox – and ability to test and resolve cross-browser issues
strong troubleshooting and analytical abilities
bs/ba in computer science, design or a related field is preferred
helpful to have: adobe photoshop, illustrator and indesign

 
the webmaster must be a detail-oriented, well-organized, and a deadline-conscious individual with excellent written and verbal communication skills. experience with various web content management systems -- specifically enterprise-based cms – is critical. a working knowledge of html and css is necessary in addition to understanding basic back-end seo elements.  must be a strong team-player, self-motivated and have the ability to manage multiple projects in a fast-paced environment.




what we offer?


mavenir is an international company that is focused on accelerating software network transformation and redefining network economics for communications service providers by offering a comprehensive end-to-end product portfolio across every layer of the network infrastructure stack. here at mavenir, we offer great benefits and through its innovation and growth in business. working within the head-office you will have the opportunity to  interface with the marketing and content teams working in a successful fast-paced environment. 



 
accessibility
mavenir is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodation to individuals with physical and mental disabilities. if you require any assistance, please state in your application or contact your recruiter.
 
mavenir is an equal employment opportunity (eeo) employer and welcomes qualified applicants from around the world, regardless of their ethnicity, gender, religion, nationality, age, disability, or other legally protected status.
 
#li-us






 









	                  apply
	                 
	           	
              




                  apply using linkedin™
                 
              
              







	                  save job
	                





	                  email job to friend
	                





                  return to list
                






















email this job to a friend





 








 


 



the job has been sent to
          


 



please provide the information below



job title:
        




*your email address:
        




*your friend's email address:
        



message:
        
         






verification code:
        





*please enter the verification code here:
        














send
            




cancel
            












powered by successfactors










