
front end developer / html5 animator job - sector 5 digital - dallas-fort worth, tx | indeed.com






















skip to job description, searchclose










find jobscompany reviewsfind salariesfind resumesemployers / post job







upload your resume


sign in







:







what
where





advanced job search


 

 



 



job title, keywords or company


city, state, or zip












front end developer / html5 animator

sector 5 digital
     -
dallas-fort worth, tx


                $60,000 - $80,000 a year



sector 5 digital (s5d) helps companies transform their brands and energize their marketing efforts by creating amazing digital content for advertising, marketing and entertainment.s5d, a sister company to skyline sector 5, employs a “build once deploy often” strategy allowing our clients to leverage their digital assets across multiple sales and marketing channels to maximize roi, such as:film and video productionphoto-realistic 3d animationtv commercialsbrand activationson-line and mobile applicationsconferences and trade showsvr / viveour clients are people who buck the status quo and want to do things differently. they have a strong desire to transform their companies and stand out in the crowd.s5d blurs the edges between solving real business challenges, brand strategy, brilliant thinking and leading-edge production. many companies have “silos” of expertise but don’t have the experience to pull it all together.we are not an agency in the traditional sense – in fact we partner with a number of them because many agencies do not have our unique capabilities in-house.job description: front end developer / html5 animatorwe’re looking for a “web experience creator’ possibly with a flash background. must have experience using html5 and javascript with an eye for design and animation. knowledge of web gl using 3d models and fx. has worked with web vr, 360 environments etc. we’re looking for a problem solver, someone who can take on a challenge and figure out how to push the boundaries of what’s possible.the web designer / front end developer is responsible for the creation andmaintenance of client web sites. the web designer will work with a team of contentcreators to design web sites in accordance with client expectations. the web designer'sresponsibilities also include revising and updating existing websites based on clientand project team feedback.responsibilities: -create client websites-maintain existing websites-adapt and revise existing sites and designs to address content changes.-participate in client and project team meetings.requirements: -ability to write clean and organized html5, css, and javascript.-familiarity with photoshop and other adobe software.-familiarity with designing for mobile and responsive websites.-experience in implementing analytics and seo.-experience with jquery, bootstrap, css pre-processors (sass/less) is a bonus.to apply we will need to see samples of websites or applications you have developed.please attach either portfolio links or screenshots with descriptions of your work.background on us: sector5digital.comhttps://vimeo.com/sector5digital/videos/job type: full-timesalary: $60,000.00 to $80,000.00 /yearjob location:dallas-fort worth, txrequired experience:front end development: 3 yearsrequired license or certification:a sample/portfolio of your work is required. have you uploaded this with your resume? or have you included a link?

5 days ago   -  save job









» apply now

            please review all application instructions before applying to sector 5 digital.






other jobs you may like


software engineer - frontend (orchestration &...

leanplum -
					san francisco, ca
7 days ago

 easily apply



web ui software developer

azumio inc. -
					palo alto, ca
13 days ago

 easily apply



ui developer

improving enterprises -
					dallas-fort worth, tx
16 days ago


engineer - web | software

pint -
					san diego, ca
13 days ago

 easily apply



senior/lead front end developer

genpact -
					dallas, tx
15 hours ago

 easily apply






 





let employers find youthousands of employers search for candidates on indeedupload your resume










about - help center


©2017 indeed - cookies, privacy and terms



let employers find you  upload your resume










indeed salary estimatewe know salary is a key component of your decision whether or not to apply for a job. so when the hiring company hasn’t provided a salary for a job, we look at salary data from related companies and locations to come up with a reasonable estimate for what you can expect.with over 450,000,000 salaries collected from other jobs and employees, we use one of the biggest salary databases in the world to inform these estimates. and because we are continually adding feedback from users like you, we are able to keep refining our accuracy.these salary estimates are not endorsed by the hiring companies and may vary from what’s actually offered, but we have a pretty great record of getting close enough for you to make an informed decision.is this your job listing? send us feedback to correct an inaccurate salary estimate.

