



teamsupport llc - jobs: back-end developer - apply online

























all jobs
→
back-end developer

back-end developer
dallas, texas, united states

descriptionteamsupport is a leading provider of customer support (help desk) software. we started in 2008, and have made our mark in the saas world as a highly respected and sought after provider for b2b technology companies.we're growing rapidly, and are looking for a clever back-end developer to join our team. this role will see you writing highly impactful code to enhance our product/brand, our customers' experience, and overall growth for not only teamsupport, but for you professionally.you'll need to bring ideas, a positive attitude, and most of all - be ready to write and deploy the best code you ever have. fundamentally, we're looking for intelligent people who have an eagerness to learn new things, and produce the best work of their careers.as well as the technical knowledge and requirements below, we need people that get it - people who can figure things out by themselves but know when to call for help. our company motto is gsd, which is short for get sh*t done. if that matches your personality, then we want to hear from you.location:our hq in dallas, tx (where 75 & 635 cross)requirements 3+ years of real world experience written mission critical applications/code visual basic/c# .net web services rest api ms sql tdd (test driven development) strong, clear and concise written and verbal communication skills. strong analytical skills. flexible, self-motivated/self-starter with a pro-active, knowledge seeking attitude. able to work well independently and with teams, and take direction. task oriented, able to focus and perform in a work-from-home environment. must be able to work effectively on one’s own with minimal supervision. a passion for delivering a well designed, tested, superior product. experience with ibm watson, and/or amazon ses, and previous experience working with email systems is a plus, as you will be writing code that interacts with these two technologies.our hiring process incorporates video interviews. candidates that are selected for further review will be required to submit video interview responses.benefits work on a highly sought after product. join a great, highly productive and fast paced team that will listen to you. be a name, not a number. two weeks paid vacation annually, plus all major us holidays. employer paid medical/dental coverage. flexible work schedules. 

apply for this job












teamsupport llc
does not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color, religion, age, national origin, marital status, disability, veteran status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity or any other reason prohibited by law in provision of employment opportunities and benefits.

teamsupport llc website

powered by
workable





