





interactive web designer





























































            interactive web designer        









 return to job opportunitiesjob detailslevel experiencedjob location nobilis health - dtc (dallas) - dallas, txposition type full timeeducation level high schooltravel percentage nonejob shift dayjob category health caredescription the interactive web designer is responsible for helping with the production of landing pages, blog templates, websites, email modules, and more.
essential duties
actively engages in concept and design strategies: new websites for upcoming brands; landing pages for new campaigns; social media imagery; digital needs; infographics; and presentation templates
works with creative director, brand managers, marketing strategists, web developers and copywriters to produce work for the company’s portfolio of brands
understands the technology used to build websites and turn their designs into actual online experiences
suggests redesigns to current websites based on a thorough knowledge of the user experience and lead generation
interprets creative briefs and create designs that meet the scope and goals of the project
collaborates with creative team, brand managers and marketing strategists in conception of brand campaigns
stays current on industry trends
works within tight deadlines to produce quality-driven deliverables
contributes broad thinking with the ability to offer design solutions
performs other duties as required
qualifications 
education


high school diploma or equivalent required; bachelor’s degree in design, web development or other related field is preferred.


experience


3 years of design/web developing experience required; digital and print media experience is preferred
expert knowledge of adobe creative suite (photoshop, illustrator, etc.), css, html, and word press is preferred
ux/ui experience is preferred


license/ certifications


none required.

skills, knowledge, and competencies
communication skills - able to communicate in a clear, articulate, and professional manner on a daily basis to solve problems as these arise.
interpersonal and customer relations skills – able to maintain a professional and courteous attitude with employees and third party individuals at all times.
planning/organizational skills - able to prioritize work activities, use time efficiently and work through projects in a self-motivated manner.
adaptability – able to adapt to rapid changes in the work environment, manage competing demands and able to deal with frequent change, delays or unexpected events.
problem-solving skills – able to identify and resolve problems in a timely manner; gather and analyze information skillfully; able to apply independent judgment on a regular basis in making decisions.
time management skills – able to use time effectively in a semi-supervised fashion, pursuing other activities when regular duties have reduced in volume; able to complete projects in a timely manner. will work with occasional supervision over repetitive tasks. new duties or project type tasks may receive “strict” or “direct” supervision, depending upon the nature of the task(s).
 return to job opportunities 




first time user?
create account



returning user? please sign in!


sign in

forgot password?

 











 








