

































 










web developer | komando.com












     listen to kim find a station   ask kim a question           get kim's free newsletter join kim's club
sign in

             sign in
 shopthe show about the showstation findershow pickswatch showlistenfree podcastsabout kimread comparison chartsappsbuying guidescars, trucks & techcolumnscool sitesdownloadsforumshappening nownewssmall businesstipsvideos all videosthe showkomando flash tipstech news todaywatch worthytech reportskomando reportstech news todaywinjoin kim's clubget email updates shopthe show kim's show sponsorsabout the showstation findershow pickswatch showlistenfree podcastsabout kimread comparison chartsappsbuying guidescars, trucks & techcolumnscool sitesdownloadsforumshappening nownewssmall businesstipsvideos all videosthe showkomando flash tipstech news todaywatch worthytech reportskomando reportstech news todaywin  


















web developer

do you want to work on various web, app, email and other projects that have a national footprint? are you ready to challenge your skills to the next level? this is a rare and exciting opportunity to be part of a national radio, television and podcast network.
we are seeking an experienced, in-house web developer to join our team. this position involves creating and customizing our newsletters, websites and e-commerce applications as well as other office tools and projects. the ideal candidate has at least 2 to 5 years of experience working on similar projects.
as our web developer, you will be a core team member involved in the creation, development, deployment, and maintenance of our websites and web applications by using the latest technologies. this is a dynamic environment working with some of the most talented coworkers. we are the home of the kim komando show, the nation's largest talk-radio show about everything digital. it broadcasts every weekend on more than 450 radio stations in the u.s. and internationally on the american forces radio network. kim's weekly column appears nationally in usa today, foxnews and in more than 100 daily newspapers. we send more than 12 million newsletters each week. we also produce books, consumer buying guides, podcasts and videos. we offer a fun, friendly environment with full benefits and a competitive salary.
duties and responsibilities

develop, maintain and enhance websites, web applications and related components
build and enhance email newsletters, marketing emails, and other email communications
build web applications with security, user experience, and best development practices in mind
support and troubleshoot errors
perform other related duties as assigned
be an integral part of the team and help come up with new and exciting ideas

skills and specifications

working knowledge of the following: html, javascript, wordpress, jquery, css3, php, audio and video.
experience working with responsive and dynamic frameworks
experience working on multi-browser platforms
able to juggle multiple tasks
experience in developing mobile apps is a huge plus
basic knowledge of image authoring tools, to be able to crop, resize, or perform small adjustments on an image. familiarity with tools such as gimp or photoshop would be great, too!

education and qualifications

bachelor's degree or equivalent work experience
2+ years of experience as a web developer
knowledge of web technologies, protocols, and tools
ability to work in a fast-paced environment with deadlines
excellent communication skills, both written and oral
strong attention to detail
eager attitude to learn, test and improve

compensation package
we offer very competitive salary that is based on experience. we also offer a comprehensive benefits package including: major medical, dental, vision, pharmacy, life insurance, 401(k) with employer match and aflac group services. paid time off includes: sick, corporate holidays and personal vacation.
apply online now
apply in confidence today. fill out this online application and upload your resumé and cover letter.
equal opportunity employment
we take great pride in our diverse and talented workforce. we recognize that our continued success depends largely on the collective strengths of our employees. developing the right mix of skills, ideas and individuals requires an unwavering commitment to equal employment opportunity and affirmative action. accordingly, we recruit, hire, train and promote persons in all job titles and ensure that all other personnel actions are administered without regard to an employee's race, color, religion, national origin, gender, age, sexual orientation, citizenship, veteran status or disability.
help us spread the word. use the buttons below to share this page.
 email facebook twitter google+ pinterest
















trending now









the site
the shopthe showdownloadstech newstipsapps

 
happening nowsmall businesscars, trucks & techvideosstation findercontestsforum 

backstage
contact usabout kimfaq'smanage your accountmanage newslettersadvertise with usflash drives for freedom

 
affiliates centerbecome an affiliatecareersoperation komandoreturns & exchangesterms & conditionsprivacy policy

connect with kim
like on facebookfollow on twitteradd on google+follow on pinterestsubscribe on youtubesubscribe to free podcasts






					the kim komando show ® and all material pertaining thereto is a registered trademark / servicemark: no. 2,281,044. america's digital goddess ® and all material pertaining thereto is a registered trademark / servicemark: no. 3,727,509. digital diva ® and all material pertaining thereto is a registered trademark / servicemark: no, 2,463,516. any and all other material herein is protected by copyright © 1995 - 2018 weststar multimedia entertainment, inc. all rights reserved.
				


























