



jda software group, inc. careers
















 


your user session will timeout in 5 minutes.  please click ok to continue with your application.


















					web developer
				


						tracking code
					

						171776 
					

						job description
					

about jda software group, inc.
at jda, we’re fearless leaders! we’re the leading provider of seamless supply chain planning and execution solutions for retailers, manufacturers, logistics providers and wholesale distributors for more than 4,000 customers worldwide. our unmatched solution portfolio enables our clients to reduce costs, increase profitability and improve visibility so they can deliver on customer promises every time.   more than 4,000 global customers run jda, including 73 of the top 100 retailers, 71 of the top 100 consumer goods companies, and 13 of the top 16 3pls.  with jda, you can plan to deliver.  www.jda.com
 
summary
do you dream about in code?  do you enjoy working with a creative team in an agency-style environment to help create and optimize digital communications? do you like challenging the status-quo to create and innovate communications that touch a vast audience? great, so do we! 
jda has an exciting career opportunity for a web developer, reporting to our sr. director creative services / global creative director-with a dotted line to our marketing operations director. in this position, you will work closely with the creative team and the marketing operations director and demand generation team to envision, create, and optimize digital communications that help drive engagement from new and existing customers. your work will be at the leading edge of our marketing efforts and will play a key role in jda's continued success.
 
responsibilities
marketo/development:

create and manage emails, landing pages, and forms within marketo
develop, maintain, and improve email and landing page templates for use within marketo learn/understand marketo syntax to effectively implement and develop templates, pages, and emails
troubleshoot code/development issues with emails, landing pages, and forms when needed
help manage content for jda website within sitecore cms
help develop and maintain process improvements for email and landing page creation process

 
creative:

create print and web ready collateral within adobe indesign
create and source various imagery for use in digital and print assets

 
required skills

strong html & css
javascript/jquery a plus
2+ years experience developing specifically for email, its various clients, and the limitations it encompasses
strong ability to build, test, debug, and troubleshoot web pages and create templates
strong knowledge of working with media queries for email and web, and overall implementation of responsive design
experience with marketing automation/email programs (marketo preferred)

 
about you

you are passionate and optimistic.
you are innovative. you challenge assumptions.
you work for the best interest of the group at all times.
you have an insatiable thirst for knowledge and improvement.
you have unwavering personal integrity and work ethic.
you are proactive.
you define “good attitude.”

 
why is jda a great place to work?

our marketing team is highly valued across the organization.
we are a rapidly growing team, and you will be at the very center of that.
jda has employees worldwide. you will get the stability of a large corporation.
we have strong executive support for world-class marketing.
you will collaborate with a highly talented, fun and supportive team of colleagues.
our software is sustainable and is used by thousands of companies worldwide.
we are tied to our community.
we believe in work/life balance wholeheartedly.
we are a highly successful, fast-growing team with a "no politics" policy that really works.

 
our values
if you want to know the heart of a company, take a look at their values. ours unite us. they are what drive our success – and the success of our customers. does your heart beat like ours? find out here.
 
let’s socialize 
join the conversation online by connecting and following us on twitter @jdasoftware @jdacareers and facebook (http://bit.ly/9s2dve), and linkedin (http://bit.ly/2rv4kue) also, check out jda's blog - supply chain nation - the platform for supply chain trends and innovations at http://blog.jda.com.
 
*li-mc1


						job location
					

						scottsdale, arizona, united states
					

						position type
					

						full-time/regular
					





							apply
						











								share
							






















					return to job listings
				







