





web developer





























































            web developer        









 return to job opportunitiesjob detailslevel experiencedjob location scottsdale - scottsdale, azposition type full timeeducation level nonesalary range undisclosedtravel percentage nonejob shift anyjob category customer servicedescription about sitelock:
 
sitelock is the global leader in website security, protecting more than twelve million websites.  sitelock offers a full suite of products and services that find, fix and prevent cyber threats to help websites of all sizes and complexity.  our mission is to protect every website on the internet.
headquartered in beautiful scottsdale, arizona, we were recently awarded the best of cool award for our great culture by bestcompaniesaz and are one of the best places to work as awarded by the phoenix business journal.  we are the fastest growing software company in arizona two years in a row per deloitte’s fast 500, and are looking for talented, success-driven people to join our growing team.
job description:
the web developer is responsible for the complete website development lifecycle to produce engaging sites, pages and applications. the web developer must have experience with building, managing and optimizing sites for seo and lead conversion. if this is you, we have an exciting opportunity for you to support the brands in the sitelock portfolio.qualifications job responsibilities: 
front-end website development and maintenance of company website
application integration with lead generation and nurturing applications
customization of websites, landing pages and applications to meet lead generation and tracking goals
bringing new ideas to current websites to enhance the user experience
working with storyboards, wireframes and animations bringing them to life in online applications
communicate web design and development goals and messages to other members of the marketing team, ensuring integration of requirements into all aspects of marketing programs
managing multiple projects and time-sensitive deadlines
participating in ongoing collaboration with colleagues in a team environment
required skills:
strong understanding and application of current web design best practices, standards, and methodology
strong working knowledge of and experience with:
	html5, css, json
javascript, jquery
xml
experience integrating with third party api's
experience with source and version control

ability to slice up photoshop files and build them as html 5 themes and web pages
experience with web analytics software and tools
excellent problem-solving skills
passionate about user experience and web site usability
strong work ethic and organizational skills
strong online portfolio of web development work
excellent communication and organizational skills
ability to work under tight deadlines while delivering high quality results
 
 
 
if this is you, please apply and provide the following:
resume and link to your online portfolio
development examples
urls of websites you've built
relevant examples are: websites, microsites, and interactive applications, etc. return to job opportunities 




first time user?
create account



returning user? please sign in!


sign in

forgot password?

 


we are sitelock


 
sitelock team members


 
people, products, progress


 









 








