 


















back end / data engineer (python, aws, hadoop / spark) | winterwyman































winterwyman home
facebook
linkedin
twitter
aboutwelcome to winterwyman
meet our team
winterwyman contract staffing
winterwyman executive search
winterwyman search
community development
in the news

contact
blog
 




search form

search 





 










our talent is finding talent.
 

 

- any - new england
new york


- any - new england
new york & new jersey


- any - 
					accounting & finance
				

					human resources
				

					information technology
				

					quality assurance
				

					software technology
				


- any - 
					accounting & finance
				

					technology
				


- any - 
					accounting, finance & admin
				

					human resources
				

					technology
				


- any - 
					accounting, finance & admin
				

					technology
				


you are herehome » job search » back end / data engineer (python, aws, hadoop / spark)




back end / data engineer (python, aws, hadoop / spark)  






this is an exciting seed-funded company with a unique and potentially ground breaking product that helps bridge the gap between the entertainment world and consumers. you will join an extremely small team and will help shape the product from some of the earliest stages. you will work closely with the cto and the founding team. you should have a strong data / back end slant to your experience and prior work with technologies such as python, haskell, spark, and aws.
requirements include:
cs degree or equivalent
2 years of professional experience
experience with data-intensive systems – and manipulation of data, data engineering, or data analysis.
experience with python or similar and as much of the following as possible: aws, redshift, postgres, mysql, hadoop / spark.
this is a full-time role.
if you are already working with a winter wyman recruiter, please contact them directly; otherwise, please send your resume and contact information to bhicks@winterwyman.com.
please reference to job id: 154698
**why contact me on this role?**
we are a firm with 40 years of history and relationships, and this includes relationships with other entrepreneurs which will help us give you access to some of the best start-ups in the area. we have maintained these relationships by listening intently to the people we work with, and by ensuring that we add value in as many ways as possible.
i have been here for 20 years and have been a top producer (perennial top 10 in the company) for my entire career. i pride myself in being honest, hard-working and in not being pushy.
examples of what job seekers and hiring managers have said about me:
“for over ten years, i've thought of ben as my recruiter of choice. he has found a number of good opportunities for me, using his extensive knowledge of the software industry and the understanding of my career aims and personal intangibles that he carefully cultivated with each conversation we had. unlike many recruiters, he never pushed an opportunity that he did not consider to be a good fit for me. ben is always calm, rational, and a good listener, which is why i often sought out his advice even when i was not on the market. i recommend him highly.”
“ben is the best recruiter with whom i've ever worked. he has been an invaluable resource and trusted advisor to me over the seven years that i've known him. in my career path he has provided rock-solid career advice and helped me find new job opportunities. he has also successfully placed multiple people on my teams from junior developers to senior software architects. i've recommended him to many of my closest friends and colleagues because i trust him and enjoy working with him. the next time i'm looking to find a great software professional for my team, or when i'm ready to look for a new position, i'll call ben first.”
i would be grateful to get a chance to help you, even if just to offer advice or market data.

   
 
job id: 154698employment type: permanentsalary: $110klocation: bostondate posted:10/13/2017







 


 
 




© 2017 winterwyman       waltham     |     boston     |     nyc     |     privacy policy    |     careers 


 
 







   


