


careers center - stops web developer 1


















































please enable cookies to continue
please enable cookies in your browser to experience all the personalized features of this site, including the ability to apply for a job.





returning candidate?

log back in!





stops web developer 1



stops web developer 1




# of openings 

3




job locations 
us-md-bethesdaus-az-phoenixus-md-rockvilleus-md-bethesdaus-nd-fargous-md-baltimoreus-nc-charlotte





category 

global  health




type 
regular full-time







more information about this job




overview







camris international is an international development and research firm that realizes innovative solutions to health and development challenges through high-quality, cost-effective program and research management services. with experience working in more than 80 countries, we combine our proven systems with today’s most effective, evidence-based best practices to improve the lives of people around the world. we apply a customized, customer-centric, cost-effective business approach to offer greater value to our clients and challenge the way things have always been done in our field. camris clients include u.s. government agencies and multilateral and private organizations. our core practice areas include public health, agriculture and food security, economic development, education, environment, humanitarian assistance, democracy and governance, and medical research.  this is an opportunity for employment or a contract, but we reserve the right to make no selection or award. contingent on bid award. camris is seeking exceptional candidates to provide scientific, technical, and other professional support services to assist the national institutes of health (nih-- which is comprised of the office of the director and 27 institutes and centers) in meeting its operational objectives.







responsibilities







participates in the technical development of web applications and databases.contributes during the process for performing user acceptance and reviews on all pages in development process. identifies system deficiencies.proactively communicates with upper management to anticipate configuration management issues/processes.







qualifications







 1-3+ years of experience in computer programming/web development or a related field.demonstrates experience with microsoft office suite.familiar with html, javascript, ajax, css, xhtml, xml, xsl, and other technologies used to create web content. minimum education: bachelor’s degree in it or computer science this effort is for a bid and contingent on award.





options

apply for this job onlineapplysharerefer this job to a friendrefer



share on your newsfeed







go back to the welcome page

application faqssoftware powered by icimswww.icims.com









