

	web technologies developer #313724 phoenix, az




























web technologies developer
phoenix, az





apply
view all jobs




share this job












company information


job description

	crownpeak provides web content management software-as-a-service (saas) to large global enterprises.  web content management enables digital marketers and e-business teams to create and manage web and mobile sites, target content to specific audiences and analyze visitor behavior.  as a saas software provider, crownpeak is a highly disruptive business, displacing last-generation solutions in a $1.5b market sector with rapid growth.
	organizations such as metlife, the bank of new york mellon, aflac, prudential, eli lilly and deloitte have deployed over 3,500 major web and mobile sites on the platform. digital marketing and ebusiness teams benefit from unprecedented agility in launching, redesigning and managing large numbers of projects.


	we are seeking a proactive, enthusiastic and passionate cms developer (.net) to remotely support our denver, co teams from the phoenix, az area. 

position responsibilities


		develop and test cms templates using c#, html, javascript, css and crownpeak api routines

		create business rules and workflows for creating, managing and publishing web content

		work with the crownpeak team to understand and document client functional requirements

		work directly with clients to adjust templates, html code, css, javascript or other front-end issues.

		integrate search, analytics, crm and e-mail campaign management products into the solution

		coordinating the testing process during the roll-out and user acceptance phases of delivery.

		log, verify, document and track issues, reproducing and describing problems quickly and efficiently.

		repair issues with front-end code.

		contribute to creation of cms documentation and product improvements
		 



skills & requirements

qualifications


		1 - 2 years of experience working with one or more server-side languages/technologies (e.g. .net, c#, java)

		1 - 2 years of experience working with html, javascript, css skills, working knowledge of javascript frameworks like jquery/angular etc

		minimum 1-2 years of experience working with a web content management system 

		experience in building and managing sites and/or web applications

		strong scripting language skills, ideally with one or more multiple languages (e.g.  jsp, php)

		working knowledge of web site related technologies, including web servers/hosting, internet protocols and other standards (e.g. ftp, sftp, xml, etc.)

		strong written and verbal communication skills a must

		excellent teamwork skills

		minimum of a bachelors degree is required.

		experience with content management systems a big plus.

		be thorough, detail oriented, and self-motivated.

		have strong analytical and troubleshooting skills.

		work independently, as well as collaboratively.


about you

	we are currently looking for developers who can work with our customers to help implement our software. here are some of the key technologies we are interested in:


		asp.net

		c#

		css

		javascript

		responsive design

		html5 

		jquery

		bootstrap

		patternlab.io


	we are looking for innovated, motivated, and energetic team members that want to be part of this fast paced growing company! you are smart and passionate about what you do. you are accountable, self-motivated and always driven to do better. you have a high degree of initiative and are always looking for the best solution for customers. you have intelligent, risk taking tendencies - you are not afraid to fail, but fail fast, and learn from the mistakes making everyone around you better for it.

	about crownpeak 
	crownpeak is an established and fast growing software-as-a-service company, headquartered in denver, co with a large office in the u.k. we provide a suite of award winning, hosted software solutions to online marketers and web site managers. following recent investment, crownpeak is privately held and venture-capital backed, and the majority of its revenue is from multi-year, recurring contracts with a very high customer retention rate. 

	compensation
	crownpeak pays competitive wages based on requisite experience and skills.  the company has a 401(k) retirement plan, generous time off, a work-life balance approach, free ecopass, as well as health, dental, vision disability and life insurance. most importantly, each employee has an opportunity to build our business and become part of the successful future of crownpeak.

	environment and culture
	this position is based in denver colorado and may occasionally require travel to customer and company office locations, 50% for the first 3 months then reducing after initial onboarding & training. crownpeak has a casual, open office environment within walking distance of the light rail. we are looking for innovated, motivated, and energetic team members that want to be part of this fast paces growing company! you are smart and passionate. you are accountable, self-motivated and always driven to do better. you have a high degree of initiative and are always looking for the best solution for customers. you have intelligent risk taking tendencies - you are not afraid to fail, but fail fast, and learn from the mistakes making everyone around you better for it.





apply
view all jobs


 


 
 













