

gcp applied technologies careers





































 






















human resources





show navigation
hide navigation

home 

benefits


why work for us?


employment listings 

search current openings


update your profile


create a job agent


update job agent


recruiting agency login


spanish







 


your user session will timeout in 5 minutes.  please click ok to continue with your application.


















					data scientist
				


						tracking code
					

						747-241 
					

						job description
					

gcp has developed a new industry subcategory, in-transit concrete management.  the company’s flagship solution in this sub-category is verifi, a complex electromechanical control system for managing the properties of concrete during delivery.  we convert the large data sets generated from these deliveries into simple and useful tools that help our customers run smarter operations and design better concrete.
 
responsibilities
as a data scientist, you will be responsible for discovering and implementing new ways to take advantage of the data to revolutionize the current construction practices.  the ideal candidate will be a curious and creative problem solver that seeks out the toughest challenges.  you will apply machine-learning techniques to improve real-time measurement, control, and analysis algorithms.  you will use data mining and predictive analytics with our high-dimension, multi-source databases to identify unexpected relationships and improve decision-making.
 
in this role, the candidate will work directly with our software developers, civil engineers, material science experts, marketing managers, and customers to identify research topics and convert your findings into products.  you will conduct self-directed research programs and perform ad-hoc data analysis in a fast-paced environment. 


						required skills
					

skills & experience
candidates for this position should meet the following:

m.s. or ph.d. in applied math, statistics, computational science, computer science, data science, or related
3+ years experience in machine learning and predictive analytics
expertise with analysis software (e.g. r, sas, matlab, scikit-learn, statsmodels, pandas, numpy, scipy)
proficient software developer (e.g. c/c++, python, java, etc.)
experience with large data stores, both sql and nosql (e.g. hadoop)
excellent oral and written communication skills
proven capabilities in presenting technical findings to non-technical audiences

 
travel: less than 10%
 
#li-ng1


						job location
					

						cambridge, massachusetts, united states
					

						position type
					

						full-time/regular
					





							apply
						











								connect
							


							who do you know at
							
gcp applied technologies







								share
							






















					return to job listings
				









© 2017 gcp applied technologies inc.










