


careers center - front-end web developer















































please enable cookies to continue
please enable cookies in your browser to experience all the personalized features of this site, including the ability to apply for a job.







welcome page







returning candidate?

log back in!












front-end web developer


job location

us-az-scottsdale





division

capital assets group


travel required

none









company overview






every organization has surplus – assets or inventory no longer required. liquidity services (nasdaq: lqdt) works with clients to ensure surplus is intelligently transformed from a burden into a liquid opportunity that fuels the achievement of strategic goals. our superior service, unmatched scale, and ability to deliver results enable us to forge trusted, long-term relationships with over 8,000 clients, including fortune 1000 and global 500 organizations as well as government agencies. with $6 billion in completed transactions, nearly 3 million registered buyers, and reach into almost 200 countries and territories, we are the proven market leader in delivering smart surplus solutions. liquidity services operates in an entrepreneurial, collaborative, and vibrant workplace. we’re looking for team members who enjoy working in a fast-paced, relaxed environment – a place where you'll be challenged and empowered to perform. our core values – which include integrity, customer focus, relentless improvement, innovation to support leadership, and mutual trust and accountability – drive our individual and corporate success. 








general summary






liquidity services and its capital assets group is looking for talented developers to help drive the future of the worlds’ largest online marketplace for business surplus. you will be joining an experienced team of marketing professionals tasked with driving buyer and seller participation in our auctions across three marketplaces: goindustry dovedbid, network international and government liquidation. you will be responsible for creating dynamic graphic-oriented assets and deploying them on a schedule. these include static html pages, cms generated pages through our proprietary admin system, and custom email templates. the ability to think critically about what you are doing and propose revisions to management is a core function of your role. this role requires some degree of flexibility. being comfortable learning new disciplines and working as part of a larger team toward a common goal is a must. we are a driven team and we’re constantly working to improve the quality of what we deliver, and the processes by which deliver it. please note: this is a full-time, on-site job. no telecommuting applicants please. due to the hands-on nature of the position, we will have no choice but to reject any such applications. thank you. 








responsibilities






o developing and deploying custom email templates based on marketplace needs and strategic initiativeso conducting analysis of campaigns and making recommendations based on analyticso developing lead-capture oriented landing pageso automating and developing nurture campaignso developing graphic assetso using our proprietary cms to generate pages based on marketplace needso website maintenanceo third-party integrations as neededo regular reporting on roi of activities based on analytics








qualifications






o working knowledge of html 4.0 and html5, css 2.0 and css3o experience working with javascript and js libraries like jqueryo experience working with mainstream cms and blogging platforms (wordpress, joomla, etc.)o experience working with responsive frameworks like bootstrap and html boilerplateo experience with media queries and responsive development by hando experience with google analytics (adwords experience a plus)o experience with email automation and campaign if-then-else logic (familiarity with oracle eloqua a plus)o experience with adobe creative cloud applications (photoshop, illustrator, indesign, premiere)o bachelor’s degree in web development or related field or equivalent work experience (recent or upcoming grads are welcome) #hpind123





options

apply for this job onlineapplysharerefer this job to a friendrefer


sorry the share function is not working properly at this moment. please refresh the page and try again later.

share on your newsfeed





application faqssoftware powered by icimswww.icims.com









