





website security analyst / jr. php developer





























































            website security analyst / jr. php developer        









 return to job opportunitiesjob detailslevel experiencedjob location scottsdale - scottsdale, azposition type full timeeducation level nonesalary range $48,000.00 - $55,000.00 salary/yeartravel percentage nonejob shift dayjob category information technologydescription about sitelock:
sitelock is the global leader in website security, currently protecting more than 12 million websites globally. sitelock delivers 360-degree website security solutions to find, fix and prevent malware and other threats from affecting websites and their visitors. services include malware scanning and vulnerability detection, automatic malware removal, an advanced web application firewall (waf), as well as website acceleration powered by a global cdn. sitelock also provides website support services that are available 24/7/365.
we were recently awarded the best of cool award for our great culture by bestcompaniesaz and are one of the best places to work as awarded by the arizona business journal. we are the fastest growing software company in arizona two years in a row per deloitte’s fast 500, and are looking for talented, success-driven people to join our growing team.
 
we offer our employees a casual and upbeat work environment along with an extensive benefits package that includes: 
medical, dental, and vision benefits
15 days of pto and 7 paid holidays
401k program
company-paid life insurance
short and long term disability coverage
fun team building events and activities
free food - catered breakfast on monday, lunch on friday and snacks
new hire training and ongoing learning opportunities
career growth opportunities
 
website security analyst position description:
the website security analyst will provide trusted security advisory services to sitelock customers.
 
position responsibilities:
 
the web security analyst provides trusted security advisory services to sitelock customers. responsibilities for this position will include:
identifying and removing malware from customer’s website files and databases.
discovering and patching xss & sql injection vulnerabilities.
analyzing log files to resolve errors, find security issues and basic forensics.
helping customers understand and optimize their website security posture.
handling customer, support and sales technical inquires.
handling escalated tickets from support.
escalating issues to engineering and vendors.
creating programs and scripts to automate daily tasks.
qualifications to apply, please send your application to rwilson@sitelock.com!
position requirements
one (1) to two (2) years’ experience with linux cli
one (1) to two (2) years’ experience reading/writing php or similar technology.
one (1) to two (2) years’ experience and/or training pertaining to internet security; or equivalent combination of education and experience.
familiarity with web servers, shared, vps and/or dedicated environments, highly desired.
ability to work without supervision and to make appropriate decisions.
ability to process work with accuracy, with attention to detail.
ability to perform multiple tasks simultaneously.
ability to maintain confidential information.
ability to work well in a team environment.
intermediate troubleshooting skills
clear written and verbal communications.
regex, server administration, shell scripting a plus (but not required)
 return to job opportunities 




first time user?
create account



returning user? please sign in!


sign in

forgot password?

 


we are sitelock


 
sitelock team members


 
people, products, progress


 









 








