


        wordpress developer -        ackmann & dickenson -         job board
    

























 






view our website



view all jobs








                                                                         ackmann & dickenson                                                                        





thanks for visiting our job board. please review our open positions and apply to the positions that match your qualifications. 



wordpress developer


phoenix, az                    

full time                

mid level                


















ackmann & dickenson is actively seeking motivated, passionate wordpress engineers with a minimum of two years wordpress development experience, and are hungry to continually learn and grow. the ideal candidate is someone who is actively working in the wordpress realm and on plugin development and who is knowledgeable about the most recent wordpress releases and standards. this candidate will work closely with a talented team of developers and designers, is comfortable working directly with clients in a consultative role, and can articulate complex issues to non-technical people. the ideal candidate thrives on taking a project from design to completion.
 
qualifications

very good knowledge of modern front-end development: html, css, responsive web design, performance optimization, and accessibility.
very good knowledge of php and oop principles.
expert knowledge of wordpress and the wordpress api.
ability to write custom wordpress plugins.
ability to write and customize wordpress themes.
experience with e-commerce, preferably woocommerce for wordpress
understanding of restful web service technologies such as json.
extensive work with javascript and jquery.
good knowledge of css preprocessors such as scss, less and sass.
experience with libraries and frameworks like bootstrap and/or foundation.
expert knowledge of git version control system.
a good aesthetic sense with knowledge of sketch and invision.

 
bonus points

knowledge of restful api design implemented via a microservice architecture
we are particularly interested in candidates with demonstrated experience working in modern javascript spa frameworks such as react & angular.
comfortable working with remote, paired/team and solo work environments
an understanding of web analytics and performance management tooling
experience in real-time and etl processing of data for various data warehousing/retrieval needs
devops technologies: ansible, vagrant, docker, amazon aws
proficiency and passion for building simple and effective user experiences

 
about us
ackmann & dickenson (a&d) is a strategic technology consulting and software development company with locations in minneapolis & phoenix. our minneapolis headquarters is nestled in the north loop neighborhood, while the phoenix office is located at co+hoots, a top-ranked coworking space in arizona. for an example of some of a&d’s most recent work, check out our case studies.
a&d’s exceptional benefits package includes health, dental, vision, fsa, life, short and long-term disability insurance, and 401k with match. we also provide unlimited pto/sick pay, flexible work hours and career development reimbursement.
at a&d, we value each employee’s expertise and input. we offer respect, company apple laptops, an open warehouse work atmosphere, flexible work hours … and more.

read more



apply for position








            apply for this position        
required*



apply with linkedin







apply with indeed









first name*



last name*



email address*



address
















phone*



resume*

attach resume
                    or
                    paste resume



                        attach resume as .pdf, .doc, or .docx (limit 2mb) or
                        paste resume


 




                            paste your resume here or
                            attach resume file









cover letter*



in 150 characters or fewer, tell us what makes you unique. try to be creative and say something that will catch our eye!*

150



submit application














×close
forward this position





recipient email address (one)



your name



your email address



enter a message (optional)
the message cannot contain links




human check*




















powered by















