










front end web developer position careers atmosol





































request a free consultation on your ecommerce project today!








 call us


 email us









 




602.324.3489

skip to content
jump to main navigation and login

nav view search
navigation

homeaboutportfolioplatformsservicespartnersresourcescontact us


search









you are here: home  web developer







			web developer (active – accepting  submissions)
 « go back

tell me more

you:want to be part of an environment where independent ideas are heard. love code and puzzles. thrive in a fast-paced dynamic team. 
us:atmosol focuses on everything ecommerce. we create successful ecommerce stores for small, mid and enterprise level clients like tupperware, jazzercise, union bay and many more. we're looking for experienced developers with a passion for learning, growing and challenging the status quo. we're ecommerce veterans who know how to get things done with a passion to provide the best customer engagement. 
 your primary activities:

work with a team of passionate e-commerce professionals to deliver exceptional stores.
develop front end functionality using mockups, style guides and client feedback to create awesome ecommerce stores
provide estimates for front end tasks
learn e-commerce business requirements
perform unit test and take accountability for the quality of your work
work on a diversity of projects with great client

personality skills required: self-managed and highly motivated. focused on other people and being of true help and service to them. you should be able to spot and fix an issue on a website before the customer does. sense of humor.
professional skills required:

degree in computer science or equivalent
programming in php and javascript, and working with html5, and css3
know how to take full advantage of css in building layouts and styling and animating html elements
working with server-side css preprocessors, such as less and sass
at least 3+ years of professional experience in some or all of the above
strong communication skills (both written and verbal)
experience with git and github
experience working in remote team

 experience:

front-end web development
responsive site development
converting a psd layout to a functioning website
4 year or higher college degree or equivalent work experience

 nice to have, but not required:

magento, shopify and/or bigcommerce development experience or certifications
seo/google analytics experience or certifications
grid-based development, mobile application development, api interaction development

interested? please email your resume to careers@atmosol.com. 

apply now



























                  first name
                  *














                  last name
                  *














                  email
                  *















                  phone
                  *















                  where you heard about us
                  *





                  indeed

                  craigslist

                  google search

                  other (please explain in the note section)













                  position applying for
                  *





                  ecommerce project manager

                  back end web developer

                  web developer

                  responsive web designer













                 

                  cover letter/resume
                  *














                which listed required skills do you have? *

                























 
        






















joining our team

 
 


game on!
1, 2, 3 ... jump!
foosball calling ...
mmm good
halloween
holiday dinner
holiday dinner continued...
holiday dinner continued...
atmosol team having fun at irce 2013
giving back
giving back





 









 trusted by enterprise ecommerce retailers 





































privacy  | products  | sitemap

 | top ↑

 
        © 2015 all rights reserved, atmosol - chandler, az
      

602.324.3489
 
 
 









    let's chat  
     
     
    


home


























