





web designer





























































            web designer        













 return to job opportunitiesjob detailslevel experiencedjob location global headquarter - lehi, utposition type full timeeducation level 4 year degreesalary range undisclosedtravel percentage 0%-25%job shift day shiftjob category professional servicesdescription job summary
the web designer is a brand steward who assists in building web sites by planning and executing designs within the online environment. they are responsible for the design and layout of the sites and work closely with developers in meeting strategic annual goals.
essential duties and responsibilities
essential duties and responsibilities include the following (other duties may be assigned):
works with marketing, developers, seo specialist and ux planners to develop site navigation by categorizing content and funneling traffic through content.
designs visual site content by coordinating with brand owners, designers, developers, and marketing.
designs upgrades to site by updating graphics according to monitored performance and results; identifying and evaluating improvement options.
researches new ux and ui trends and technology to stay informed of current design trends.
updates job knowledge through educational opportunities.
performs other duties as assigned.
qualifications  
experience in illustrator, photoshop, indesign, and associated design tools.
basic working knowledge of html, css and javascript
strong experience with interactive design, including: overall concept/vision, layout, typography, and usability.
strong conceptualization ability, visual communication ability, wireframe and sketchbook technique.
exceptional design skills, production value, and attention to detail.
ability to create wireframes as well as visual design comps.
understanding of common web project development and management practices.
must be comfortable supporting initiatives where design concept is already established and independently creating quality high-level projects
must be able to generate original ideas and high-level graphic design concepts
quick turn around and tenacity are important, along with the ability to problem solve
self-managing yet will communicate and review projects with manager as necessary
must be a strong advocate of the corporate brand and maintenance. the ability to concept and create visual design comps with a focus on strengthening the brand experience at every touch point.
must be willing to drop personal design proclivities in order to meet the needs and/or desires of the client and owners
performing other duties as assigned
education and experience
bachelor’s degree from a 4 year college or university
three or more years of related experience required
competent portfolio that demonstrates qualifications required at interview
physical requirements 
the physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
work environment 
employee may work in an office setting. the individual must be able to tolerate the scent of essential oils worn or diffused.
 return to job opportunities 




first time user?
create account



returning user? please sign in!


sign in

forgot password?

 











 








