





front-end web developer





























































            front-end web developer        













 return to job opportunitiesjob detailslevel experiencedjob location global headquarter - lehi, utposition type full timeeducation level 4 year degreesalary range undisclosedtravel percentage 0%-25%job shift dayjob category undiscloseddescription work with the global sales and digital marketing team to design, create, and maintain web pages and sites for young living web properties. the designer will be responsible for the design, layout, and coding of websites. they will be involved in the technical and graphical aspects of site design.
essential duties and responsibilities
write the programming code, either from scratch or by adapting existing website software and graphics packages to meet business requirements
implement web design mocks and wireframes according to the needs of the project owner and designer
test the website and identify any technical problems and ensure that they occur in a timely manner
provide ongoing technical support in developing and maintaining the company’s global and internal web properties
meet and exceed agreed-upon deadlines and service level agreements
create and execute web project work plans and revise as appropriate to meet changing needs and requirements
organize inter- and intra-department resource teams to execute approved projects
hold status meetings with project teams as needed to complete projects
provide regular, pro-active web communication to internal teams
manage day-to-day operational aspects of multiple web projects and their scopes
ensure that assigned web projects are on-profile, on-time and on-cost and communicate any deviations to the customer(s)/stakeholder(s)
coordinate and implement project plans to deliver web-based services; maintain open communication with other technology teams or stakeholder teams to assure efficient processes are implemented and to coordinate projects with overlapping responsibilities
monitor key developments in web technology and web management methods in order to advise on best practices
show initiative, exemplify clear communication, and work well with all parties involved in projects
qualifications to perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. in addition to the responsibilities above, the applicant must have the following knowledge:
web coding skills, including html5, css3, javascript, jquery
working knowledge of popular web platforms including wordpress and laravel
proficiency with web design tools such as: photoshop, dreamweaver, experience designer, etc. (or equivalent)
desired skills include: php, xml/xsl, c#, visual studio, sharepoint
education and experience
bachelor's degree from 4-year college or university; and 1–3 years of related experience and/or training; or equivalent combination of education and experience
 
physical requirements 
the physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
 
work environment 
employee may work in an office setting. the individual must be able to tolerate the scent of essential oils worn or diffused. return to job opportunities 




first time user?
create account



returning user? please sign in!


sign in

forgot password?

 











 








