php developer - veterans advantage, pbc.php developerdigital services unitsalt lake city, ut, united statesif you are highly motivated, passionate about digital experiences, looking to join a creative and dynamic team, contact us today. we’re on a mission to serve the greater military community with user-first experiences and benefits. position details: php developer, digital services unita successful candidate for the digital services unit at veterans advantage will work with a team of developers to bring value to building ambitious digital experiences. candidates will show marked understanding of how technical debt can affect a team’s product deliverability and incur business risk. an emphasis on communications and teamwork for a solution based approach is highly valued. an adherence to developer workflows and documentation processes are key processes that set our team and mission up for success. an understanding of integration patterns, the design and documentation of integration solutions, is a valuable addition to the team. a willingness to participate in different stages of the discovery, creative, and technical implementation process is a key to our team’s product delivery.duties and responsibilities:work with technology directors to establish solid, scalable and reliable softwarecontribute to system architectures at points of integration between drupal and other applications/servicesdesign, code and unit test php code within and outside of drupal environmentensuring development process is followedensuring quality in source code and final producttasks include contribution to:project estimation for maintenance and new projectsdefinition of project requirementscreation of development task lists or backlogscreation of technical documentation desired skills and experiencelampobject-oriented php (php7)ubuntu, html5, css3, javascript, mvc, symfonydrupal 7 or 8, including custom modulesrestful api servicescontinuous delivery, gitlab, jenkins etc.git and repository managementdocker, containerization and orchestration familiarity with cloud service providers: acquia, google cloud, awssoft skills and competenciesmust be a team player and communicator. a focus on guidance: giving it, receiving it, and encouraging it for yourself and the team. we succeed together. interest in subscriptions, ecommerce, mobile experiences, financial products must perform in a fast-paced environment and have the ability to self-direct if necessarypassion for technology and user experiencesopen source contributions are a plus starting salary:depending on years of experience, plus benefits (insurance and retirement). remind me to apply laterclearwant to apply later?type your email address below to receive a reminderemailerrorrequired fieldcancelsend reminderapply to jobfirst nameerrorrequired fieldlast nameerrorrequired fieldemailerrorrequired fieldphone numbererrorwebsiteerrorresumeattachattachclearinsert_drive_filedeletecover letterattachattachclearinsert_drive_filedeletesubmitprivacy.terms