



love communications - jobs: web developer - php - apply online





















love communications



all jobs
→
web developer - php

web developer - php
salt lake city, utah, united states · interactive · 0917

descriptiondate:                                             september  22, 2017love communications is looking for a motivated and talented php developer to build and manage hosted websites and applications. as a full-service advertising and creative agency, we provide a fun fast-paced working environment. compensation is competitive with performance bonuses and opportunities for growth. you must have a strong handle on development best practices and the ability to interpret creative concepts into functional code. responsibilities will include standards based front-end html/css/js in addition to working on more complex projects using php/mysql backend. we build sites and applications that are consumer facing. working in small cross-discipline teams, you will be a development leader and contribute to the decision-making process.  be ready to show us your work and your ability to think outside the box. if you are efficient, productive and ready to code — we want to hear from you. prior creative agency experience is preferred but it is not required. we are looking for someone who can make a full-time commitment and work on site.   responsibilities   have all the answers, still be likeable work with creative teams to make the magic happen. build standards compliant interfaces. develop dynamic websites using php/mysql. code front-end html layouts for websites, microsites & emails. build custom functionality for laravel, wordpress, drupal develop and/or integrate back-end systems for e-commerce. diagnose / debug server-side functionality of existing websites. optimize queries and secure database content.  no recruiters please.requirements 4+ yrs. professional experience professional portfolio demonstrating your work and team work. hands on experience with php/mysql hands on knowledge of json/rest/xml/soap web services hands on experience of hosting configurations nginx/lamp proficiency with html/css/js understands and uses version control svn/git versatility with leading edge tech and legacy compatibility accountability for stellar work benefits free snacks, parking, nerf wars, parties & more compensation will depend on experience. 401k, medical, dental, vision 

apply for this job











love communications website

powered by
workable





