




full stack developer | clearlink jobs












































toggle menu









salt lake city, ut
full stack developer

apply for this job






are you passionate about wordpress and front-end web development and excited to work with emerging web technologies? due to our growth, we're looking for a wordpress engineer to join our all-star marketing team. as a wordpress developer, you will be doing responsive wordpress theme and functionality development for many of our websites and landing pages, and have a great time doing it.is this the right job for you?the engineer will work with the front-end team to develop websites for clearlink and our various partners. he or she will create new custom wordpress themes and functionality, along with front-end development and maintenance of our web properties. the ideal candidate for this position will have experience excelling in a fast-paced, deadline driven environment and love all things web. if you feel as though you fit this description, and you meet the requirements listed below, we want to hear from you.qualifications:3+ years of experience as a front-end web developerextensive experience with wordpress, and the wordpress apiextensive experience in html, css, javascript, jquery, and building responsive websitesexperience working with apis and react are a plasolid php and mysql experienceexperience with photoshopability to communicate and work effectively with othersability to mentor and assist less experienced developersability to self-manage and keep track of multiple projectsan understanding of seo standards is also preferredabout clearlink:clearlink's team of 1,300+ employees is headquartered in salt lake city and has been creating marketing content services for fortune 500 companies for over 13 years. at clearlink you will have opportunities to work with people who are as passionate as they are talented, develop yourself and your skills, and create valuable content and relationships every day. we also like to reward our employees:up to 100% healthcare for your entire familyover two weeks paid time offpaid ski days, wellness activities, and team outingsfully-stocked break room and gourmet coffeeaward-winning wellness program with free health coachingall-expense paid vacations for top employeesmonthly gym subsidy  
















apply now


* required































attach resume
no resume selected









how did you hear about this job?
career builder
clearlink lounge
clearlink office sign
company website
craigslist
department of workforce services
employee referral
facebook
glassdoor
indeed
instagram
job fair
ksl
lds employment
linkedin
monster
other
outside magazine
pandora
radio ad
radio ad - 97.1 zht
radio ad - x96
radio ad - 106.1 latino
radio ad - my 99.5
radio ad - kbull 93
school career center
school career center - neumont
school career center - slcc
school career center - owact
school career center - university of utah
school career center - lds business college
school career center - byu
school career center - steven henager
school career center - weber state
school career center - uvu
school career center - utah state
simplyhired
spotify
slcsem
word of mouth
zip recruiter








submit

submitting... please wait
error: there was an error submitting your application. please try again.
you have already applied for this position.




we are an equal opportunity employer. applicants and employees are considered for positions and are evaluated without regard to mental or physical disability, race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, genetic information, military or veteran status, sexual orientation, marital status or any other protected federal, state/province or local status unrelated to the performance of the work involved.







thank you
we have received your application.
a recruiter will contact you within the next 24-48 hours either by phone, text, or email to set up an onsite interview. make sure to check your email for further instructions.











linkedin
facebook
twitter
google
youtube
instagram









©2017 clearlink. all rights reserved. | privacy policy













©2017 clearlink. all rights reserved. | privacy policy



linkedin
facebook
twitter
google
youtube
instagram








close


join
learn
see
connect
newsroom



linkedin
facebook
twitter
google
youtube
instagram









