
web designer/developer job - onset financial, inc. - south jordan, ut | indeed.com






















skip to job description, searchclose










find jobscompany reviewsfind salariesfind resumesemployers / post job







upload your resume


sign in







:







what
where





advanced job search


 

 



 



job title, keywords or company


city, state, or zip












web designer/developer

onset financial, inc.


4 reviews
 -
south jordan, ut 84095


awesome, industry-leading financial company seeks ux/ui/front-end web designer/developer. onset financial is looking to add a front-end designer/developer to our development team. onset promotes a vibrant, high-energy environment with the best leadership team in the biz and employees that are second-to-none. you'll enjoy free lunch fridays, cool company swag, and many more perks! required skills include:prior experience with:html/css/javascripttwitter bootstrap (or similar library)conducting user interviewscreating beautiful web apps with a focus on user experiencecreating wireframes, lo-fi & hi-fi mockups, etc.demonstrated skill with web-based application design, layout, organization, etc.pluses:react development experienceruby on rails or javascript serverplease send resume, salary sought, and any portfolio work or examples of past projects. pay doe.job type: full-time

9 days ago   -  save job









» apply now

            please review all application instructions before applying to onset financial, inc..






other jobs you may like


front end web developer

nexeo hr -
					salt lake city, ut
6 days ago

 easily apply



front-end web developer

young living essential oils -
					lehi, ut
2 days ago


front-end web developer

noke -
					lehi, ut
30+ days ago

 easily apply



web developer (ft)

blenderbottle -
					lehi, ut
12 days ago

 easily apply



jr. web developer

journeyteam | technology consultants -
					south jordan, ut
29 days ago

 easily apply






 









                        onset financial, inc.



4 reviews

                onset financial is an independently owned, direct funding source for equipment finance, specializing in all types of capital assets ranging...



let employers find youthousands of employers search for candidates on indeedupload your resume










about - help center


©2017 indeed - cookies, privacy and terms



let employers find you  upload your resume










indeed salary estimatewe know salary is a key component of your decision whether or not to apply for a job. so when the hiring company hasn’t provided a salary for a job, we look at salary data from related companies and locations to come up with a reasonable estimate for what you can expect.with over 450,000,000 salaries collected from other jobs and employees, we use one of the biggest salary databases in the world to inform these estimates. and because we are continually adding feedback from users like you, we are able to keep refining our accuracy.these salary estimates are not endorsed by the hiring companies and may vary from what’s actually offered, but we have a pretty great record of getting close enough for you to make an informed decision.is this your job listing? send us feedback to correct an inaccurate salary estimate.

