





php web developer - salt lake city, ut - galileo processing jobs









 














home
jobs




php web developer - salt lake city, ut

toggle navigation








php web developer 

jobslogin 











 10-oct-2017 to 09-mar-2018 (mst) salt lake city, ut, usa salary full time 

 medical, dental, 401k


email me similar jobs email me this job



galileo is the recognized leader in advanced payment processing solutions, providing our partners unparalleled competitive advantages, including: flexibility, speed to market, scalability, innovation, security, reliability, compliance, customization and increased profitability. founded in 2000 and headquartered in salt lake city, utah we have supported over 700 of the leading programs in the industry in both the us and canada with our continuously improving next-generation platform. 
we are seeking a php web developer. responsibilies are as follows:

coding, unit testing and de-bugging web-based applications 
developing, enhancing and maintaining existing galileo web applications 
web applications include customer service tools, on-line banking websites, enrollment sites, reporting tools and web services 
other duties as assigned

qualifications:

programming experience to code and unit test object oriented php (or similar language like java or c#)
sql skills 
experience with one or more of the major database platforms
analytical, technical aptitude and proven ability to solve problems 
attention to detail and organization 
a positive attitude and superior work ethic 
strong written and verbal communication skills / time management skills 
ability to work in a quick paced, evolving environment 
ability to collaborate with others within the galileo organization 
experience working on linux/unix based machines 

nice to have:

experience in consuming and programming web services
experience administrating and configuring the apache web server 
bachelors degree in computer science or equivalent degree or experience 


galileo processing
https://galileoprocessing.applicantpro.com






apply now
with our quick 3 minute application!



you have javascript disabled on your browser. you will not be able to apply for this position without enabling javascript. if you need assistance with enabling javascript, please click here for assistance.





 

* fields are required




what is your full name?




first name



last name





how can we contact you?


email





phone number



number type

home
cell
work






what is your preferred method of communication?


email
text message






apply for this position
apply for this position
by clicking the button above, i agree to applicantpro's applicant information use policy. 






sign up for job alerts!








share this page







 


 


hiring software maintained by applicantpro - © 2017



refresh




 
 
 
 







go
common questions





















