



sofi careers - sr. front-end developer



























 









                                                    sofi careers                                            







                sr. front-end developer
    
    

                            engineering            
                    cottonwood heights,
                            utah
                
                        



        apply
    


description

we are seeking a sr. front-end developer for implementing the ui and client-side experience across our application suite. you will have the opportunity to build out the front-ends of a constantly evolving product line in a fast paced industry. candidates possess deep experience producing high quality html, css and javascript in a team environment.by joining sofi, you’ll become part of a forward-thinking company that is transforming financial services. recently ranked as one of the fastest growing fin tech companies in the bay area, we’re nearly 800+ employees strong. we offer the excitement of a rapidly growing startup with the stability of a seasoned management team. essential job responsibilitiesimplement ui changes using html/css/javascriptiterate quickly on web pages, landing pages and application features to maximize conversion ratesbuild out customer-facing materials as needed for the marketing, community, investor, and events teamsrequirementsexperience turning designs into efficient, usable interfaces using html/css/javascriptexperience with responsive design/development and mobile-web best practicesgraphic design tools such as sketch photoshop, illustratorfamiliarity with brand identity and design consistencycross-browser testingclient-side optimization and performanceversion control (git)ability to brainstorm with other team members and deal with constructive feedback.plusesexperience building user interfaces for large scale applicationsclient-side unit testingangular and other js frameworkswordpress, php and mysqlbootstrapfront-end build automation and toolingexperience working with and presenting to clientspersonal attributes of the ideal candidate includeability to thrive in a fast-paced growing companyability to drive a project from inception to completionenthusiasm for solving challenging problemsteam attitude: a willingness to roll up your sleeves and work with others to get stuff done.                                              qualification/ education5+ years related experiencebachelor's degree preferred but not requiredbenefitscatered lunches, a fully stocked kitchen, and subsidized gym membership.competitive salary packages, bonuses, and stock options. a flexible vacation policy allows you to truly relax and reboot. comprehensive health, vision, dental, and life insurance as well as disability benefits.100% of health, vision, and dental premiums paid by sofi for employees and their dependents. 401(k) and education on retirement planning. tuition reimbursement on approved programs, up to $5,250 a year.monthly contribution to help you pay off your student loans.this is a great opportunity for engineering professionals looking to join an emerging leader that’s focused on disrupting a huge industry. if you’re a good fit, please send us your resume and a link to your portfolio. we look forward to hearing from you. local candidates only, please.




        apply
    

        apply later    


            ← back to current openings        




share





linkedin




facebook




twitter




email






similar jobs





                                    {{ job.title }}
                                












powered by jobvite









