


        full stack software engineer -        marketing evolution -         job board
    

























 






view our website



view all jobs















thanks for visiting our job board! please review our openings and apply to the position you're interested in.  



full stack software engineer


rancho cordova, ca                    

full time                

software engineering                    

mid level                


















company overview:
marketing evolution is a place where innovative marketing minds, advanced data science, and visionary technology meet. we offer software and strategic consulting services to help marketers plan, measure, and continuously improve their performance and unlock roi.
position overview:
we’re looking for a experienced engineer to play a key role in building software that’s transforming the marketing industry. as a full stack software engineer at marketing evolution, you’ll become a critical part of a small and talented agile team that drives the iterative design, execution, testing, and deployment of high-quality, data driven applications. you will be required to build systems to help automate our product and create an efficient, fault tolerant scalable infrastructure. if you consider yourself a life long learner who is excited to build something brand new, we are ready to challenge you, and empower you to use the skills you have and to gain new skills as we grow together.
here are a few typical projects you’ll work on:

create intuitive and user friendly forms and dashboards
front-end / back-end mvc web applications, and micro-services.
database architecture using nosql and relational databases.

experience requirements:

advanced javascript libraries and frameworks such as angularjs, backbonejs, reactjs
advanced css including bootstrap
ror, python, javascript, mysql/postgresql
aws, django, linux, nginx
git, agile, jira
clear communicator (english language skills)

bonus/useful experience:

experience with other languages ( php, java )
experience with messaging systems and push notifications
experience with restful apis

marketing evolution cultural values:
we seek candidates who are excited to work at a company with the following cultural values:

disrupt the norm: cherish the opportunity to find better ways to do things.
dissent then execute: raise issues and fixes in the planning stage, and when it’s time to execute, execute without reservation.
test and learn: when developing new processes or features, link it to a hypothesis, and evaluate that hypothesis fairly.
nothing is impossible: imagine what’s possible and have the resolve to execute it.
defect is treasure: every mistake is an opportunity for the organization to learn and make improvements.
share success: given how hard it is to promote change in our industry, celebrate each success along the way.


read more



apply for position








            apply for this position        
required*



apply with linkedin







apply with indeed









first name*



last name*



email address*



address
















phone*



resume*

attach resume
                    or
                    paste resume



                        attach resume as .pdf, .doc, or .docx (limit 2mb) or
                        paste resume


 




                            paste your resume here or
                            attach resume file









cover letter*



in 150 characters or fewer, tell us what makes you unique. try to be creative and say something that will catch our eye!*

150



submit application














×close
forward this position





recipient email address (one)



your name



your email address



enter a message (optional)
the message cannot contain links




human check*




















powered by















