access development senior ui/ux developer | smartrecruiters

senior ui/ux developer1012-1016 w 2480 s, south salt lake, ut 84119, usafull-timecompany descriptionat access, we believe great things happen when people come together. our discount and rewards solutions are designed to connect three very important groups: organizations, their members, and the merchant community. the result? everyone wins. merchants tap into the affinity members share with their organizations. organizationscreate loyalty and generate revenue. and members are happy because they save money.access employees enjoy a flexible, friendly, people-oriented work environment with all-employee parties, activities that include family and friends, employee recognition, a fantastic nationwide employee discount program, and a strong focus on career development.  job descriptionaccess is looking for skilled ui developers who are passionate about javascript, react, css and responsive applications.the senior ui/ux developer is involved in the design and development of responsive web applications used by millions of customers.  this individual will work closely with product managers and ui designers to build pixel perfect applications, and with software engineers to consume rest api services.access development is the best-kept software secret in the wasatch front.  we're big believers  in the okr approach to getting things done.  a software project begins with an idea, which can come from anyone in the company.  the product team vets the concept by building mockups, interviewing prospective customers, and evaluating risks. the result is a well thought out product that stands a good chance of success before we write a single line of code.this position is based in our salt lake city office. responsibilitieswork with small, cross-functional, and co-located (sit together) teams to architect, design and implement high-quality software solutions.qualificationsqualificationsbachelor's degree in computer science or related field; or equivalent experience.6-8 years relevant web application development experience, including:experience with build tools, such as node.4+ years experience developing client-side applications with js frameworks such as jquery, angular1/2+ and react.js.experience working from the command line.comfort working with git on the command line.experience with gitflow (or similar) branching model.experience developing on linux or mac (or windows - if you must).demonstrable problem-solving skills.history of working as a team player in a dynamic environment.kanban experience is helpful.a solid understanding of html5, css3 and javascript. should have experience writing clean, semantic, and responsive code that works across popular browsers and devices.highly skilled and knowledgeable in latest standards for responsive design (media queries, bootstrap, flexbox).strong attention to detail. you will be responsible for pixel-perfect implementation of designs.experience gathering requirements from modern design tools, like sketch and invision.experience using browser tools to test, profile, and debug modern web applications.excellent communication skills.some experience working with and knowledge of java and ruby is a plus.experience working with rest/json apis.experience building animations in css and javascript.a passion for user experience and crafting intuitive interactions on the web.additional informationwhile this job description attempts to describe the essential functions of the position, it does not prescribe or restrict the tasks that may be assigned. it does not restrict management’s right to assign or reassign duties or responsibilities to this job at any time. we recognize people as our most valuable asset. your contributions will be valued and celebrated by a closely-knit team that is committed to excellence. we offer competitive wages, and benefits package includes medical insurance, prescription drug coverage, a lifestyle discount program for personal/family use, a 401k and profit sharing plan, paid holidays and personal time.to apply for this position, please complete an initial on-line job application and attach your resume and cover letter expressing why you are a great fit for this position at http://www.accessdevelopment.com/careers/access development is an equal opportunity employer committed to hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive culture. access development does not discriminate on the basis of disability, veteran status or any other basis protected class under federal, state or local laws.all your information will be kept confidential according to eeo guidelines.access has been a leading provider of loyalty programs worldwide since 1984. we leverage the world's largest private savings & discount network to drive customers to retailers, create loyalty for organizations, and help their members and customers save money every day. our employees enjoy a flexible, friendly work environment, competitive wages, excellent benefits, and employee discounts nationwide. job locationi'm interestedi'm interestedrefer a friendshare this jobpowered by