














software development engineer























jobs at micron


featured jobs

accounting and finance jobs
college and university graduate jobs
engineering jobs
internship opportunities
manufacturing/production operations jobs
business, administrative, legal and human resources jobs
procurement and supply chain jobs
technology development jobs
sales and marketing jobs
solid state drive jobs
information technology
view all jobs



location

jobs in china
jobs in germany
jobs in italy
jobs in japan
jobs in malaysia
jobs in singapore
jobs in taiwan
jobs in united kingdom
jobs in the united states
all regions/countries



not finding a job?

join our talent community
view all jobs



english

english
simplified chinese
malay
traditional chinese
japanese














search by keyword








email similar jobs to me
please enable javascript to subscribe.









join with linkedin







join with facebook







join now





email  





please wait...











share this job























software development engineer

apply now »

apply now 




start apply with linkedin







start apply with facebook







apply now





email  





please wait...







date: 
nov 28, 2017
                


location: 
folsom, ca, us


company: 
micron


req id: 101605 
micron technology is a world leader in memory and semiconductor technology. we offer the industry’s broadest portfolio of silicon-to-systems solutions—starting with foundational dram, nand, and nor flash memory, and extending to ssds, modules, mcps, asics, and other memory and storage systems solutions. we’re 37 years, 20 countries, 26,000 lifetime patents, and 30,000 people strong. our team is transforming some of the hottest technology segments, including cloud, enterprise storage and mobile. whether you are a sata superstar, a pcie pro, or a nvme ninja, consider a career with micron and join us at the forefront of technology’s next evolution
 
the micron engineering team has begun to expand our product portfolio with solid-state storage products.  as a software developer at micron, you will be a talented hands-on engineer in our graphical user interface and user experience team. your role will be highly visible in the organization, and requires not only deep technical experience, but also an ability to work with designers and end users to express complex ideas in an intuitive and appealing way 
 
your responsibilities will include, but are not limited to, the following:
•               design and development of our user interface (ui) framework that enables the management of our storage products. 
•               using the api libraries used by the management software and data center applications to monitor and manage our products.
•               contributing to the framework and implementation of an architecture that supports rapid development of high-quality interfaces.
•               iterating and prototyping and revising often, working with product managers, end users, other team members, and visionary stakeholders.
•               contributing to the development of ui framework and infrastructure, and leading by example in creating robust, well-tested code.
successful candidates for this position will have:
•               an understanding of the tradeoffs of various cross-platform options such as java, qt, etc.
•               five or more years in a professional software development role, on at least two successful products.
•               ui experience, including knowledge of standard technologies.
•               solid knowledge of java.
•               experience with agile/scrum style projects.
 
we recruit, hire, train, promote, discipline and provide other conditions of employment without regard to a person's race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, pregnancy, veteran’s status, or other classifications protected under law.  this includes providing reasonable accommodation for team members' disabilities or religious beliefs and practices.
 
each manager, supervisor and team member is responsible for carrying out this policy. the eeo administrator in human resources is responsible for administration of this policy. the administrator will monitor compliance and is available to answer any questions on eeo matters.
 
to request assistance with the application process, please contact micron’s human resources department at 1-800-336-8918 (or 208-368-4748).
 
keywords: folsom || california (us-ca) || united states (us) || ssd engineering || experienced || regular || engineering || *li-rs1 ||
 



nearest major market: sacramento
                    
                

job segment: 
semiconductor, developer, engineer, software engineer, cloud, science, technology, engineering
                    




apply now »

apply now 




start apply with linkedin







start apply with facebook







apply now





email  





please wait...









find similar jobs: 

solid state drive jobs,
solid state drive,
engineering jobs in sacramento,
engineering jobs,
engineering





sign in
we noticed that you are already a member of our talent community. please enter your password to continue.


email*  not you?
password* 
forgot password?
* required field
submit cancel



account verification
we noticed you have accounts in our “talent community" and “application" systems. we take security seriously and need to verify your identity to synchronize your accounts.


account email:



please follow these steps to synchronize your accounts.


1. reset your password:



                                        the "reset password" link will open in a new browser window. return to this page to enter your new password.
                                    


click here to reset your password




2. enter your new password here:










submit cancel



account verification

your accounts have been successfully synchronized. use your new password when accessing our systems.

confirm



already a member
you are already a user of this site. please sign in.


email*  not you?

password* 
forgot password?
* required field
sign in cancel



start your application



existing users


email*

password*

forgot password?




new users
create a new account now!

start your application
receive email updates
join our talent community




sign in 

create


* required field


create profile




                    working...

next »











jobs at micron
micron.com
top job searches
view all jobs
socialmatcher
manage/edit your profile
privacy policy






equal employment opportunity (eeo) statement
it has been and will continue to be the policy of micron to administer all human resource actions and benefits without regard to race, religion, color, sex, national origin, age, disability, sexual orientation, veteran's or other legally-protected status. each manager, supervisor, and team member's responsible for carrying out this policy. the eeo administrator in human resources is responsible for administration of this policy. the administrator will monitor compliance and is available to answer any question on eeo matters.
to request assistance with the application process, please contact micron's human resources department at 1-800-336-8918 ( or 208-368-4748) or submit job information request form. 



 ©  micron technology, inc. all rights reserved 









































