
front end and mobile developer job - swipeclock - south jordan, ut | indeed.com






















skip to job description, searchclose









find jobscompany reviewsfind salariesfind resumesemployers / post job







upload your resume


sign in







:







what
where





advanced job search


 

 



 



job title, keywords or company


city, state, or zip












front end and mobile developer

swipeclock
     -
south jordan, ut 84095


                indeed salary estimate: $96,000 - $122,000 a year




job summaryswipeclock is a growing workforce management software company with saas and mobile time & attendance and employee scheduling offerings used by over 900,000 employees at over 25,000 businesses in north america.do you want to work in a fast paced environment on a rapidly growing saas product? are you ready to put your knowledge and skills to work on improving our existing product and creating exciting new features that our users will love? if so and you have the experience and skills we are looking for, let’s talk.responsibilities and dutieswe are working to architect and create our next generation user interface and user experience. the senior front end developer will learn our current application and work closely with our product and development teams to understand and implement new features and requirements.qualifications and skillscollaborate with design and product teams to understand requirements, interpret mockups, and show attention to detail.ensure usability and cross-browser compatibility.passionate about creating solid and maintainable code.expertise in the latest front-end technologies (ie. html5, css3, etc.)experience and ability to effectively use javascript libraries and frameworks (ie. ember.js, vue.js, angularjs, reactjs, etc.) we are using reactjs.ability to implement responsive and mobile friendly designs.experience building native mobile applications in ios. (android is a bonus)experience with node.js.education / experience: extensive knowledge of front end and mobile application development demonstrated through your portfolio - requiredbachelors degree – preferredat least 3 years of software development experience. - requiredexperience working on a saas product – preferredexperience in the workforce management, hr software, or bi / analytics – bonusjob type: full-timerequired education:bachelor'srequired experience:software development: 3 years

12 days ago   -  save job









» apply now

            please review all application instructions before applying to swipeclock.






other jobs you may like


fullstack python developer

ubiota llc -
					salt lake city, ut
9 days ago

 easily apply



front-end & mobile app software developer

rs hughes co -
					salt lake city, ut
8 days ago

 easily apply



full stack web developer

noke -
					lehi, ut
30+ days ago

 easily apply



software developer

empowor -
					salt lake city, ut
23 days ago

 easily apply



front-end developer

97th floor -
					lehi, ut
22 days ago

 easily apply






 









                        swipeclock


                swipeclock is a leading provider of simple and affordable timekeeping solutions with over 22,000 clients and over 700,000 users. our...



let employers find youthousands of employers search for candidates on indeedupload your resume










about - help center


©2017 indeed - cookies, privacy and terms



let employers find you  upload your resume









indeed salary estimatewe know salary is a key component of your decision whether or not to apply for a job. so when the hiring company hasn’t provided a salary for a job, we look at salary data from related companies and locations to come up with a reasonable estimate for what you can expect.with over 450,000,000 salaries collected from other jobs and employees, we use one of the biggest salary databases in the world to inform these estimates. and because we are continually adding feedback from users like you, we are able to keep refining our accuracy.these salary estimates are not endorsed by the hiring companies and may vary from what’s actually offered, but we have a pretty great record of getting close enough for you to make an informed decision.is this your job listing? send us feedback to correct an inaccurate salary estimate.

