



citywide seo - jobs: word press web developer/designer - apply online

























all jobs
→
word press web developer/designer

word press web developer/designer
san antonio, texas, united states · marketing

descriptionweb developer responsibilitiesinclude: responsible for designing, coding      and modifying websites, from layout to function  analyze user needs to implement web      site content, graphics, performance, and capacity  trouble shoot potential issues and      recommend solutions on their existing projects  job briefresponsible for designing, coding and modifying websites, from layout to function and according to a client's specifications, while striving to create visually appealing sites that feature user-friendly design and clear navigation. analyze user needs to implement web site content, graphics, performance, and capacity. may integrate web sites with other computer applications. may convert written, graphic, audio, and video components to compatible web formats by using software designed to facilitate the creation of web and multimedia content. regular exposure to business owner      and executive management, as well as the authority and scope to apply your      expertise to many interesting technical problems. candidate must have a strong      understanding of ui, cross-browser compatibility, general web functions      and standards. the position requires constant      communication with colleagues. experience in planning and      delivering software platforms used across multiple products and      organizational units. deep expertise and hands-on      experience with web applications and programming languages such as html,      css, javascript, jquery and api's. deep functional knowledge or      hands-on design experience with web services is needed to be successful in      this position. strong grasp of security principles      and how they apply to e-commerce applications. *note: you must submit a cover letter. applications without one will not be considered. responsibilities ams need      to be detail-oriented. organization is a key part of the job. you will be      expected to keep on top of every aspect of a project. good communication      skills are also necessary. ams interact with clients on the one hand and      internal staff and management on the other. promises      made to customers must be kept. you can't offer more than the company can      deliver. you need to know exactly what services you can provide and how      quickly a project can be completed. you'll      need to learn as much as you can about your clients. only if you have a      strong understanding of a client's business strategy will you be able to      understand and communicate how our company's products and services can      help the client's strategic goals. unfortunately,      not all projects go as planned. sometimes a client won't like the work      that has been done. it's up to the account manager to fix the problem. he      or she will talk to the client, find out what's wrong, and try to come up      with a solution. some      clients will be harder to work with than others, so ams need to be able to      handle stress well. they also need to be creative, in order to figure out      work-around solutions when something goes wrong. at times, you may need to      hold a client's hand as you walk them through a project. finally,      when a deadline looms, longer-than-normal hours may be required and in the      case of extreme emergencies being able to reach out to necessary resources      to solve the customer's problems may be needed after normal office hours.        requirements html/xhtml/jquery/css/javascript/php/aspx.net      skills wordpress      development skills 2+ years      experience ability      to develop sites from mockups with precise detail ability      to provide time estimates for the implementation of features/functionality team      player mentality understanding      of web standards and development methodologies researching      skills and ability to recommend new technologies to enhance the user      experience familiarity      with a variety of hosting environments experience      with ecommerce, merchant accounts, and paypal payment processes experience      with plug-in & module building ability      to function within a collaborative team environment ability      to produce robust code, with ample comments ability      to learn new languages and frameworks quickly capacity      to troubleshoot and suggest appropriate solutions strong      responsive web skills back up      files from web sites to local directories for instant recovery in case of      problems. respond      to user email inquiries, or set up automated systems to send responses. register      web sites with search engines to increase web site traffic. create      web models or prototypes that include physical, interface, logical, or      data models. analyze      user needs to determine technical requirements. develop      and implement procedures for ongoing web site revision. develop      databases that support web applications and web sites. develop      and document style guidelines for web site content. evaluate or      recommend server hardware or software. develop      system interaction or sequence diagrams. perform      or direct web site updates. write,      design, or edit web page content, or direct others producing content. renew      domain name registrations. write      supporting code for web applications or web sites. design      and implement web site security measures such as firewalls or message      encryption. select      programming languages, design tools, or applications. establish      appropriate server directory trees. recommend      and implement performance improvements. create      searchable indices for web page content. design,      build, or maintain web sites, using authoring or scripting languages,      content creation tools, management tools, and digital media. confer      with management or development teams to prioritize needs, resolve      conflicts, develop content criteria, or choose solutions. identify      problems uncovered by testing or customer feedback, and correct problems      or refer problems to appropriate personnel for correction. evaluate      code to ensure that it is valid, is properly structured, meets industry      standards and is compatible with browsers, devices, or operating systems. maintain      understanding of current web technologies or programming practices through      continuing education, reading, or participation in professional      conferences, workshops, or groups. develop      or validate test routines and schedules to ensure that test cases mimic      external interfaces and address all browser and device types. collaborate      with management or users to develop e-commerce strategies and to integrate      these strategies with web sites. communicate      with network personnel or web site hosting agencies to address hardware or      software issues affecting web sites. perform      web site tests according to planned schedules, or after any web site or      product revisions. incorporate      technical considerations into web site design plans, such as budgets,      equipment, performance requirements, or legal issues including      accessibility and privacy. develop      web site maps, application models, image templates, or page templates that      meet project goals, user needs, or industry standards. identify      or maintain links to and from other web sites and check links to ensure      proper functioning. provide      clear, detailed descriptions of web site specifications such as product      features, activities, software, communication protocols, programming      languages, and operating systems software and hardware. monitor      security system performance logs to identify problems and notify security      specialists when problems occur. research,      document, rate, or select alternatives for web architecture or      technologies. document      technical factors such as server load, bandwidth, database performance,      and browser and device types. install      and configure hypertext transfer protocol (http) servers and associated      operating systems. an online      work portfolio or list of sites you've developed solid      technical background with understanding and/or hands-on experience in      digital marketing and web technologies ability      to self-start and self-direct work in a fast-paced environment solid      organizational skills including attention to detail and multi-tasking      skills previous      experience in managing cross functional teams and requirements excellent      organization skills, including ability to manage multiple tasks and      projects, and an ability to prioritize and meet deadlines knowledge      in digital marketing, pay per click campaigns and seo is a preferred        we're on      the lookout for an experienced front-end wordpress web developer to add to      our citywide seo team. if you enjoy fast paced work projects, are detail      oriented, and enjoy working solo while collaborating with a talented team      - send us your portfolio and resume today! preferred experience   comfortable      with programming in mysql familiar      with vpn experience      with project planning familiarity      with standard go live procedures knowledge      of google analytics understanding      of onsite seo familiarity      with basic website speed optimization techniques familiarity      with shopify, bigcommerce, hubspot, joomla, drupal, and/or magento experience      with google adwords organization      skills benefitscitywide seo is a digital marketing firm dedicated to your success online. we cater to a wide range of business sizes and industries by providing expert marketing and advertising solutions for improved visibility on the web.  our mission is to assist our customers in building online exposure and to deliver a consistently higher return on their investment through the use of digital media. we boost clients’ businesses by increasing their online attractiveness and marketability, so they are able to engage more customers and subsequently do more business on a daily, weekly and monthly basis.  when you hire citywide seo, you are gaining not only a full team of experts who communicate, report and deliver results on a monthly basis but a marketing partner who will be with you every step of the way.  as your marketing team, we are always available to meet your service needs in a timely, efficient manner, and we have transformed many businesses just like yours from average to star performers online since our start in 2009. we are based in san antonio, tx, and we love our city.  although we work with clients all over the u.s. and even abroad, we invest locally by giving back to a number of charities on a monthly basis.  we contribute where we can to the city’s growing economy and enjoy watching other small businesses grow.  internally we also provide our staff with ongoing digital training to stay on top of the ever-changing digital landscape.citywide seo offers cutting-edge, specialized digital services that guarantee higher traffic generation and increased lead conversions, including: search engine optimization (seo) pay-per-click marketing creative web design services effective web hosting solutions social media marketing mobile marketing quality content development email marketing  craigslist posting  reputation management and more 

apply for this job











citywide seo website

powered by
workable





