



inserso














 









employee tools | 
contact us

cmmi-ml3 | iso 9001:2015 | iso 20000-1:2011 | iso 27001:2013









employee tools 




who we are

overview
management team
certifications & partnerships
inserso news
customer list


what we do

overview
system development and sustainment
it infrastructure and cloud
cybersecurity
it operations


our contracts 

overview
dhs eagle ii fc1 8(a)
seaport-e
gsa 8(a) stars ii gwac
gsa schedule 70


careers 

open positions
our culture
our benefits






























home
careers
open positions



careers




inserso's success over the years has been a direct result of its outstanding motivated employees. inserso employees take pride in their work and enjoy seeing the positive results of their work efforts.  you will have the ability to make a difference for yourself, our customers and inserso!  please email, fax, or mail your cover letter and resume to:

jobs@inserso.com
	  703.642.6663 fax
	  1900 gallows rd, suite 750
	  vienna, va 22182

we want to hear from candidates directly, recruiters please do not contact us.  inserso is an equal opportunity employer.
open positions











job details



id
20518 


title
application developer 


location
san antonio, tx 


description
must be a u.s. citizen or a non-resident that has had a successful naci already completed.
secret clearance: ability to gain interim secret clearance or holds a successfully completed naci investigation
dod 8570.01-m iat level ii compliant (gsec, security+, scnp, sscp)

b.s. or m.s. in computer science, engineering, or comparable work experience
1-3 years proven development experience with .net (vb or c#)
experience and understanding of sql development (mssql or oracle)
strong knowledge and comprehension of .net best practices, frameworks, and libraries
excellent interpersonal and organizational skills
strong leadership, verbal, and written communication skills
flexible attitude with customer focus. problem solver.

 
preferred skills:

1-3 years proven development experience with .net c#
experience and understanding of sql development with oracle
experience with the following technologies:
experience with silverlight application development
experience with unit testing frameworks and methodologies
experience with full lifecycle development
experience working in a dod it environment
contributes to open source or does personal projects

 
position description:
u.s. citizen
experienced .net software engineer to provide application support and development for the air force civil engineer center (afcec). the selected candidate will develop enterprise applications and web sites based on c# against both sql server and oracle databases. they will work within a team of developers on the maintenance and expansion of these applications, and interact with the customer directly to plan and execute the implementation. must have a flexible work attitude and adjust to air force and dod it restrictions pertaining to development and deployment of application systems. must be a problem solver and have good communication skills – support requires interaction with customers, system administrators, and information assurance personnel.
 









application developer
inserso open positions
application forms

inserso employment application (pdf) 
inserso background check and authorization form (pdf)

e-verify notification


e-verify is a registered trademark of the u.s. department of homeland security. this business uses e-verify in its hiring practices to achieve a lawful workforce. 

eeo statement

inserso is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of sex, age, race, color, religion, marital or veteran status, national origin, disability, obligation to serve the armed forces of the u.s., or any other characteristics by applicable federal, state or local laws.  reasonable accommodation will be made for qualified individuals with a disability, where such accommodations will not impose an undue hardship during the application process and on the job.








address 
1900 gallows rd 
				  suite 750
				  vienna, va 22182


contact 
p: 703.642.9598 (vienna, va)
				   p: 210.485.1138 (san antonio, tx)
f: 703.642.6663
				   e: info@inserso.com


contract vehicles

dhs eagle ii
seaport-e
gsa 8(a) stars ii gwac
gsa it services chedule 70



social





 careers 
open positions | benefits









inserso


© 2017 inserso corporation  |  privacy policy



















