









job opportunities | welcome to bexar county job opportunities















        for full functionality of this page it is necessary to enable javascript. 
        here are the 
        instructions how to enable javascript in your web browser



applications developer ii | welcome to bexar county job opportunities page has loaded. 

applications developer ii | welcome to bexar county job opportunities page has loaded. 








  click here or press any key to continue.






                        we updated our privacy policy and terms of use, effective december 12, 2017. view privacy policy and terms of use

×















menu







                close menu
            










                        welcome to bexar county job opportunities
                    




 




job opportunities
                                        



promotional jobs
                                        



transfer jobs
                                        



job categories
                                        



bexar county home page
                                        



bexar county human resources
                                        



help & support
                            



legal & privacy
                            









job opportunities




sign in












                don't have an account?
                create one.
            

                already have an account?
                sign in.
            








username
















                applications
                





                inbox
                





                profile
            




                account
            




                sign out
                after clicking on this link you will be logged out and the page will be reloaded.










welcome!
thanks for creating an account.













welcome to bexar county job opportunities




powered by
neogov
®












                applications developer ii
            



print









                    apply
                







applications developer ii





                            salary
                            




$5,684.00 monthly





                        location
                        




bexar county annex - 203 west nueva san antonio, tx






job type


full-time regular




department


information technology






job number


2017-00349









closing



                continuous
            






description


benefits


questions






summary
under direction, is responsible for supporting bexar county information technology team; will support the mission of the county, ensuring successful delivery of it services as defined in the duties and responsibilities.  this position will represent the county in a professional and effective manner and establish and maintain effective working relationships with co-workers, county employees, elected/appointed officials, outside organizations and agencies, vendors and the general public.position is excluded from civil service.
duties and responsibilities
 applies intermediate level knowledge of established systems software development principles and best practices to identify problems that are not immediately apparent in existing processes/systems, analyze the problems, and develop appropriate solutions responsible for planning, processing and performing all jobs in an efficient manner with assistance from the senior application developer designs and develops programming systems making specific determinations about system performance and usability of the software responds promptly and professionally to requests for service and bug reports. reviews and repairs legacy reporting code assists with system analysis and development, with limited support from professional staff, to keep systems current with changing technologies analyzes, designs, and assists with the implementation and/or development of software systems to form a basis for the solution of information processing analyzes system specifications and translate system requirements to task specifications for programmers performs analysis of current programs including performance, diagnosis and troubleshooting of problem programs, and designing solutions to problematic programming and processes. tests new programs to ensure that logic and syntax are correct, and that program results are accurate; assists programmers with programming assignments documents code consistently throughout the development process by listing a description of the program, special instructions, and any changes made in database tables on procedural, modular and database level contributes to project technical architecture design and development ensures appropriate implementation of technology both within the production and the development environments assists with research and recommend software tools to senior applications developer. performs other related duties as required
minimum qualifications
 graduation from an accredited college or university with a relevant degree, 3-5 years of experience, or an equivalent combination of education and experience strong knowledge and experience with .net programming languages (vb or c#). familiarity with c, c++, php java, xml and jcl a plus; strong knowledge of n-tier development and sdlc; good knowledge of database security risk management, control protocols, methodologies, and practices; good knowledge of asp, ado, com, c++, j2ee, java, jdbc; knowledge of latest database security technologies and solutions; knowledge of development, integration, re-engineering, testing, and maintenance; knowledge of soa (service oriented architecture); knowledge and experience with sql and sql server (stored procedures, queries); knowledge of internet /intranet application programming (ms iis, javascript, xml, xslt/xsd, json); knowledge of basic mvc background expert skill in conducting research and analysis; skill in logical problem solving; skill with supporting web technologies, including xml, html, cascading style sheets, and javascript; skill in communicating complex technical information to computer users with varying levels of computer literacy; skill with xml, soap, rest and/or web services; skill with infrastructure technology (networking, servers, storage, etc.) ability to operate word, excel, access and powerpoint; ability to effectively communicate complex ideas in a clear and concise manner across functional and technical departments, both verbally and in writing; ability to establish and maintain effective working relationships with co-workers, stakeholders, county employees, elected/appointed officials, outside organizations and agencies, vendors and the general public must secure and maintain a favorable background investigation and clearance must clear a pre-employment physical and a pre-employment drug screen test required to be on call 24 hours may be required to work more than 40 hours during the workweek may be required to work weekends this position may need to satisfy the requirement of completing and passing an assessment during the employment processworking environment and physical demands: constantly working in indoor conditions frequently moves items weighing up to 10-15 pounds occasionally moves objects weighing up to 15-30 pounds occasionally moves about the office frequently communicates with others; must be able to exchange accurate information constantly operates a computer and other office productivity machinery positions self to perform essential functions must be able to remain in a stationary position
supplemental information
computers are available to view current job postings and to complete the application process at 211 s. flores street, san antonio, tx 78204, between the hours of 8:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m., monday through friday. phone: 210.335.2545 equal opportunity employer bexar county is an equal opportunity employer and committed to workplace diversity.we are committed to providing equal opportunity for protected veterans and individuals with disabilities.reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.




for more detailed information, please click on the following link to view benefits offered by bexar county:http://www.bexar.org/hr/hc.htmlnote:  part-time and temporary positions are not eligible for bexar county benefits.







01


which best describes your highest level of education completed?

high school or ged certification
associates degree
bachelor's degree
master's degree
none completed





02


which best describes your college major?

computer science
information technology
other major
no major





03


which best describes your years of experience in information technology?

1 year
2 years
3 years
4 years
5 years
6 years
7 years
8 years
9 or more years





04


are you available to be on call 24 hours a day?

yes
no





05


are you able to work weekends ?

yes
no





06


are you able to work more than 40 hours during the work week?

yes
no





07


are you able to clear a pre-employment physical and a pre-employment drug screen test?

yes
no





08


are you able to secure and maintain a favorable background investigation and clearance?

yes
no





09


do you acknowledge that this position may need to satisfy the requirement of completing and passing an assessment during the employment process?

yes
no




 required question
                        







agency
bexar county




address


                        211 s. flores street


                        san antonio, texas, 78204.
                    





website


                        http://www.bexar.org/hr/
                    




 


                    apply
                



            your browser does not support the iframe feature, which is required by this web page.
        










                    job opportunities
                



                    account
                




copyright © 2017












welcome to bexar county job opportunities


job opportunities










                support
            






sign in form is opened
job application


job details



applying as:

|

                    support
                




                close
            












                close
            







































