job detailsjob basketaccessibilityhomejobsjob: irc49015add to basketreferapply nowjavascript enabled browser required.descriptionjob titleunix engineer iiilocationrancho cordova, ca, usorganization name6744-ddc - dev opsdepartment descriptionbrief descriptionprovide a stable and current system software environment. install and maintain unix operating system and related software products. provide technical assistance to all divisions and business partners. perform unix system administration functions and system analysis for overall system performance. design and implement unix server solutions. provide consultant services and expertise to other deltanet departments and business partners.detailed descriptiondesigns, plans and implements unix-based solutions of any complexity.has detailed technical knowledge of unix performance metrics and has ability to identify and correct improperly configured or poorly performing subsystems.has detailed knowledge of at least one unix shell and/or perl and has ability to write and implement scripts of increasing complexity.provide support to applications developers, operations, and end-users when required.provide technical analysis of problems as assigned by management. provide unix consulting and technical expertise to other members of the computer services division. provide unix education and guidance to other members of the unix/dba engineering department. has detailed knowledge of unix security and can recommend, implement, and audit unix security parameters. has good knowledge of unix vendor hardware and software offerings, and can make recommendations to management regarding unix hardware/software options. has good working knowledge of relational databases, and can tune unix kernel and subsystems for database performance. provide clear and concise documentation of existing unix systems. also provide cost/benefit analysis and proposals for enhancement or acquisition of unix hardware or software. follow proper change control guidelines and provide post-implementation support for unix hardware and software changes.computer science or mis degree (ba or bs) or relevant experience is required. 5 to 8 years of unix administration experience is strongly preferred. detailed knowledge of unix server and workstation hardware and software. knowledge of more than one vendor’s products (e.g., sun, ibm, or hewlett packard) is strongly preferred.detailed knowledge of unix operating system components and subsystems, including knowledge of proper subsystem configuration.  has detailed knowledge of tcp/ip networking and network hardware, and has ability to diagnose unix network problems of increasing complexity.has detailed knowledge of data center operations concepts and change control procedures.working knowledge of unix-based relational database products and configuration/tuning requirements for each.has detailed knowledge of unix mass storage, including logical volume managers, hardware raid solutions, and storage area networks. should have the ability to diagnose storage-related performance issues.good working knowledge of unix internals, including kernel operation and configuration. job requirementsgood working knowledge of unix compilers, linkers, and debuggers, and has ability to build unix applications from source code and provide technical assistance to software developers on compiler-related problems.detailed knowledge of unix performance metrics, and ability to use tools such as glance plus, sar, top, symbel, and measureware to identify and correct performance bottlenecks. detailed knowledge of unix network services such as bind, sendmail, http, and ntp. should have the ability to properly configure and debug these services. detailed knowledge of unix security.should have the ability to conduct and respond to unix security audits, as well as work with enterprise security to define and implement unix security policy.have in-depth knowledge of at least one unix shell or perl, and have ability to write and debug scripts of increasing complexity. should also be able to analyze and debug vendor-provided scripts.good written, oral and general communication skills.excellent trouble shooting and analytical skills required.ability to foster an environment that promotes long-term problem avoidance.this is the ability to trouble shoot as well as determine problem sources and implement solutions/policies and procedures that reduce the possibility of problems reoccurring.demonstrated leadership in quality and work practices.assisting and mentoring technical team members. ability to quickly learn technical and/or conceptual information, identify key issues and details, and present understandable alternatives to both technical and non-technical individuals. ability to manage time and priorities to respond to deadlines.ability to work on multiple tasks that are not necessarily well defined, under pressure of full workload, tight deadlines and shifting priorities.additional details how to applyminimum salarycurrencyamount of travelwork at homedocumentstitletypedescriptioncategorylast updated bylast updatedusageupdatedeleteno results found.add to basketreferapply nowhomejobsjob basketaccessibilityprivacy statementcopyright (c) 2006, oracle. all rights reserved.  
