





front end software engineer - senior level job in san antonio, tx at usaa
























































career center

about usaa
career areas
locations
military
university
life @ usaa
returning applicants





































it jobs at usaa



















careers
/

search jobs



it jobs



developers-programmers jobs



        
    front end software engineer - senior level

    








front end software engineer - senior level job

apply now

job number: r0013250

location: 



                        san antonio, tx
78288,united states
                


date posted: 2017-10-04
full job title: front end software engineer - senior level 
job family: it 
 

purpose of jobimportant: applicants – when filling out your name and other personal information below, do not use any special characters or all caps. use only standard letters in the english alphabet. including special characters or all uppercase letters will cause errors in your application.we are currently seeking talented front end software engineers – senior level for our san antonio, tx facilities. usaa front end engineers create and maintain the front-end portion of our business software applications. done well, many may never realize or appreciate how critical these systems are or how we've made them simpler, faster, and safer. yet, they help make our members' lives better. it's a great challenge and responsibility.here, you will invent. you'll design and test. you'll take risks. you'll create new technology, but the impact you'll make on our members will be far more significant.as a front-end engineer, you are expected to be able to function in a fast-paced environment driving innovation through rapid prototyping and iterative development ensuring quality is built into all solutions.   your responsibilities will require you to be an expert in front development best practices and frameworks creating beautiful experiences for our internal and member facing systems. you will be required to be an expert in understanding user requirements and tailoring user experiences accordingly. you will engage with business clients, ui designers, developers and architects to create high performing and easy to use systems via the web as well as mobile-based applications.  you will create and implement design principles that ensures that our content renders well across multiple devices.  you will use and promote the use of front-end and mobile testing tools to ensure quality.as a front-end engineer, it will be your responsibility to maintain code integrity and quality as well as ensure application architecture is designed for performance and resiliency.job requirementsabout usaausaa knows what it means to serve. we facilitate the financial security of millions of u.s. military members and their families. this singular mission requires a dedication to innovative thinking at every level.in each of the past five years, we've been a top-40 fortune 100 best companies to work for®, and we've ranked among victory media's top 10 military friendly® employers 13 years straight. we embrace a robust veteran workforce and encourage veterans and veteran spouses to apply.about usaa itour most important qualification isn't technical, it's human. here, we don't just sit in front of a screen. we stand behind our 11 million members who rely on us every day. we are over 3,400 employees strong, a passionately supportive and collaborative team built on agile principles. we've been a top-two computerworld 100 best places to work in it five years in a row and were recently named a top 50 employer for minority engineers & it by workforce diversity magazine.    this job posting is for multiple openings available in 2017 and 2018.primary responsibilitiesutilizing technical expertise; creates system requirements, performs design and analysis, and coding and unit testing of complex to highly complex system functionality and/or defect correction across multiple platforms. identifies ideas to improve system performance and impact availability. resolves complex technical design issues.provides functional and/or technical guidance in evaluating applications systems or evaluating requests for proposals. coordinates changes and influences and prioritizes tasks with business or technical departments.analyzes and influences technical, system, and/or user requirements. identifies and creates solutions to improve system performance and availability. facilitates root cause analysis of system issues to minimize impact and future occurrences.creates system documentation/play book(s) and serves as a lead technical reviewer and contributor in requirements, design and code reviews. typically serves as a resource to the business.develops accurate estimates on work packages and ensures the accuracy of estimates developed by less experienced internal and third party team members. analyzes and designs specifications for less experienced internal and third party team members to execute. acts as a technical resource throughout the development life cycle. may also actively contribute to the technical and soft skills development of team members.assists team leads and management with delegation of technical work packages to cross-functional and third party team members for execution through the full development life cycle. keeps management appropriately informed of progress and issues.coordinates system application transition from development teams to maintenance and production teams, and/or constructs and implements necessary controls to assure system/application traceability.minimum requirementsbachelor's degree in computer science or stem (science, technology, engineering, math) majors or 4 additional years of related experience beyond the minimum required may be substituted in lieu of a degree.  and, 6+ years of software development experience with at least 2 years in css3 and html5, javascript and javascript libraries/tools such as json, ajax, react, angularjs, jquery, and experience with css libraries/tools such as bootstrap.preferred3+ years of experience with a javascript framework like, react, redux, angular, or backbone.2+ years of experience working with agile methodologyproficiency in translating front-end mockups and wireframes into functioning applications2+ years’ experience in designing/coding for high availability and performance.2+ years of experience with rapid prototyping / simulations / iterative designdemonstrated experience supporting accessibility requirements from ada (section 508 subset of a11y).6+ years of experience on closures/prototypes/js.this and variable scopeunderstanding of http interaction with browsers (request types, request headers, synchronous/asynchronous requests).understanding of page rendering orchestration within a browserproficiency at using browser development tools within each major browserdelivering software using a container based infrastructure2+ years of experience with gradle, git, github, gitlab, etc. around continuous integration and continuous delivery infrastructureexperience testing in selenium frameworksdesired characteristicsusaa front end engineers create innovative solutions that impact our members. collectively, we are:curious and excited by new ideas energized by a fast-paced environmentable to understand and translate business needs into leading-edge technology comfortable working as part of a connected team, but self-motivated community-focused, dependable and committed exceptionally detail-orientedbenefits usaa's most valuable resource is our 30,000 employees. we promote a culture of diversity and inclusion, encouraging varied perspectives and ideas.our team enjoys world-class benefits, pay and highly competitive reward opportunities, including comprehensive healthcare, wellness and wealth building programs, employee resource groups, 401k matching dollar-for-dollar up to 8% of pay, career planning and continuing education.we promote a strong work-life balance with a variety of on-site services and conveniences depending on location, including a daycare, health center and pharmacy, multiple dining options, company stores, covered parking and free fitness centers. usaa is a casual dress environment.the above description reflects the details considered necessary to describe the principal functions of the job and should not be construed as a detailed description of all the work requirements that may be performed in the job.at usaa our employees enjoy one of the best benefits packages in the business, including a flexible business casual or casual dress environment, comprehensive medical, dental and vision plans, along with wellness and wealth building programs. additionally, our career path planning and continuing education will assist you with your professional goals.usaa also offers a variety of on-site services and conveniences to help you manage your work and personal life, including seven cafeterias, two company stores and three fitness centers.relocation assistance is available for this position.usaarsr

apply now





join our talent network




search videos by job description


back to top















frequently asked questions















corporate info & media
news center
privacy
careers
accessibility
contact us
site map
faqs
site terms





                    copyright ©2017 usaa.
                

                    usaa is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer and gives consideration for employment to qualified
                    applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, genetic information,
                    sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, pregnancy, veteran status or any other legally protected
                    characteristic. if you'd like more information about your eeo rights as an applicant under the law, please click here.
                    for usaa’s affirmative action and eeo statement, please click here. furthermore, usaa makes hiring decisions compliant with the fair chance initiative for hiring ordinance (lamc 189.00).
                

                    usaa provides equal opportunity to qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans. usaa will provide
                    reasonable accommodation when requested to enable completion of the online employment inquiry form or, if desired,
                    an alternative method of inquiry. if you need a reasonable accommodation, please email humanresources@usaa.com
                    for assistance.
                

                    usaa means united services automobile association and its insurance, banking, investment and other companies.
                    banks member fdic. investments provided by usaa investment management company and usaa financial advisors inc.,
                    both registered broker dealers.
                

                    did 205814 - 0514
                








