   alpha research & technology, inc.                      homeaboutproductssolutionsservicescontact us      missionmanagementmanufacturingengineeringrecognitioncareersphilanthropy       about // careers  

































position: 
                            
                            
                                
                                    systems engineer i
                            
                        



location: 
                                
                                    el dorado hills, ca
                                
                        



job id: 
                            
                            
                                
                                    161
                            
                        



# of openings: 
                            
                            
                                
                                1
                            
                        









 alpha research & technology, inc. located in el dorado hills, ca, designs and manufactures ruggedized, cutting-edge and fully integrated airborne and airborne-related command, control, communications, computers, intelligence, surveillance, reconnaissance (c41sr) mission systems.
 
the company is currently seeking an entry level systems engineer having responsibility for assisting in the definition and execution of systems engineering activities within an assigned project.  activities may consist of research and development, project and design planning, system architect, product design, performance monitoring, testing and validation, and technical support.  under immediate supervision, position is responsible for the following:
 


analyzes customer requirements; provides technical and cost inputs for proposals and marketing initiatives.


participates in multidisciplinary product teams to provide system level technical input while involved in the phases of the system development cycle, from concept development through system sell-off to the customer. performs top-level system designs and trade-off studies as assigned.


determines, recommends, and plans layout for type of computers and peripheral equipment, or modifications to existing equipment and systems. designs and develops electrical interface, interconnect diagrams, wiring diagrams, and cable drawings as necessary.


evaluates customer needs in order to determine what processes and technologies (hardware and software) are available to effectively fill them.


confers with the customers, engineers, and project managers to obtain information on limitations and capabilities of existing systems.


prepares specifications and resource requirements. responsible for proper flow down of technical requirements to other functional engineering groups ensuring that subsystem, assembly and component level designs support the overall system level requirements.


supports internal design reviews and provides support during formal reviews with customers (srr, pdr, cdr, mrr, trr, prr, etc.).


supports system integration design to include cable harness design, implementation and dressing, i/o connector definition, electronic devices and electronic equipment racks integration, etc.


supports the generation of user manuals, assembly procedures, test procedures and configuration management documentation.


generates compliance verification matrix, design review presentations, and engineering reports as necessary.


reviews and approve all system level documents, drawings, and test data.


interfaces with test engineers to generate system test plans and procedures to ensure that the delivered system fully meets both the functional and performance requirements.


interfaces with other functional groups (contracts, program management, supply chain, manufacturing, testing, and quality) as necessary to resolve technical issues and non-conformances.


may participate in the testing and operation of equipment after delivery and installation to ensure system operates in conformance with all specifications.


participates in customer interface, up to and including managing customer interface.


sets up development environment as required.


provide direct support to manufacturing production in a training and advisory role.


provides support for customer issues, including direct technical support.
 


 

education, experience, knowledge and skills requirements:
 


bachelor’s degree in computer engineering, electrical engineering or related discipline or equivalent required; 0 to 3 tears or previous systems engineering design experience required. previous dod system design experience preferred.


technical skills requirements include:


software: ms office (visio, project, powerpoint, word, excel, etc.)


coding: coldfusion, asp.net, php, sql, crystal report, html5, solaris, linux


hardware: asic/fpga design, system on chip (soc), micro controllers, ac/dc power monitoring, oled, com express, electrical schematics


virtualization: virtual machine (vm), hypervisor, openxt, vmware, esxi, multi-level security (mls) architecture


networking: optical fiber network, spanning tree, port security, vlan routing, acls, ip video encoding/decoding, haipe network encryptor


testing: mil-std-810, mil-std-461, rtca do-160




excellent communication, analytical and organizational skills. ability to effectively present technical information and respond to questions from various internal and external groups.


u.s. citizenship may be required for positions requiring government security clearance. no visa sponsorship provided. 


 
local candidates only.
 
alpha research & technology, inc. offers a comprehensive benefits package to include employer paid medical, dental, vision, life and ad&d insurance, long-term disability, paid time off and 401(k) plan.
 
alpha research & technology, inc. is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer.  all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, gender identity, sexual orientation or protected veteran status.
 






                                apply for this position
                            








                    apply with indeed
                















            
            
            
                go back to the job list
            
        












applicant privacy policy







      pages   about products solutions services careers contact us    certifications    what our clients say    lockheed martin ...the sample task was an all small business team effort and we want to acknowledge the significant contribution that art provided in making the technical response so successful. thank you.” --- r2csr capture manager     © 2013 alpha research & technology, inc.     
