





.net developer





























































            .net developer        













 return to job opportunitiesjob detailslevel experiencedjob location beat llc - san antonio, txposition type full timeeducation level 4 year degreesalary range undisclosedtravel percentage nonejob shift anyjob category information technologydescription we are in immediate need to fill an .net developer (dencom) onsite at our client – dencom at fort sam houston base, san antonio, tx
 
job position information:
our direct client has an opening for a .net developer
this position is a contract position located in san antonio, tx
must come for in person interview
on site position only, no remote work option available
if you are interested, please submit the following:
your current resume
your salary range or hourly rate
basic qualifications:
bachelor’s degree from an accredited institution. will also consider three years of progressive experience in the specialty in lieu of every year of education.
at least 7 years of information technology and web development experience
active dod security clearance preferred (not required)
technology experience:
mvc, & asp.net (4.5 framework & past versions)
angularjs, c#, html, css, & javascript
orm/entity framework
rest and soap web services
sql server 2008 & 2012 (& past versions)
qualifications essential abilities:
ability to write code, thoroughly test, and debug complex applications using web based and object oriented programming languages.
knowledge of the principles, practices and techniques of system development and maintenance life cycles.
ability to work independently in the technical analysis, evaluation and resolution of software application issues with little or no assistance, and make decisions and recommendations to remediate the problems.
knowledge of object oriented programming principles, design and practices.
knowledge of relational database theories, concepts and access methods.
ability to plan, coordinate, and prioritize work assignments for him/herself.
ability to prepare test plans, write and maintain unit tests.
skill in interpreting and communicating technical information related to computer programming and data processing, both verbally and in writing.
preferred skills:
dod 8570 qualified, (security + or cissp, with other industry certification, i.e. mcp, ccna, etc.)
 return to job opportunities 




first time user?
create account



returning user? please sign in!


sign in

forgot password?

 











 








