


pearson jobs - research director - clinical assessments in san antonio, texas, united states






















 


























skip to main content






support
contact us









mobile navigation menu




about us
benefits
our culture
what we look for
locations
technology
sales
research & analytics
content development
customer service
legal
testing center
publishing/editorial
internship
view all jobs






about us
pearson life
benefits
our candidates
jobs map

jobs by talent areas

product
assessment
technology
operations
corporate
sales/marketing
intern/apprenticeships
educators


view all jobs











what




where















            
                
                    pearson jobs
                
            
        






where

city, state, country


what

job title, keywords











home

            view all jobs
            
(768)












pearson


research director - clinical assessments in
            
san antonio, texas








research director - clinical assessments
description
at pearson, we’re committed to a world that’s always learning and to our talented team who makes it all possible. from bringing lectures vividly to life to turning textbooks into laptop lessons, we are always reexamining the way people learn best, whether it’s one child in our own backyard or an education community across the globe.
we are bold thinkers and standout innovators who motivate each other to explore new frontiers in an environment that supports and inspires us to always be better. by pushing the boundaries of technology — and each other to surpass these boundaries — we create seeds of learning that become the catalyst for the world’s innovations, personal and global, large and small.
pearson is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer and a member of e-verify. all qualified applicants, including minorities, women, veterans, and people with disabilities are encouraged to apply.
candidate description
you are a doctoral-level psychologist, neuropsychologist, or postdoctoral resident in clinical practice with at least 3 years of hands-on clinical experience, and you enjoy assessment. you conduct neuropsychological or psychoeducational assessments and are extremely familiar with many different standardized psychological tests for children and adults. while you are trained for clinical work, you are looking for a challenging research position that has a direct impact on the lives of clinicians and patient populations. you attended a graduate program that placed a strong emphasis on clinical and research excellence, including strong research and statistics coursework, and you would like to develop or revise standardized neuropsychological or psychoeducational assessments in both paper and digital mediums.
responsibilities
a research director is responsible for working with a team of in-house professionals and test authors to develop new products and/or revise current products. as a research director, you will become one of several content experts in the field of neuropsychological or learning disabilities assessment; gain a strong understanding of the field of neuropsychological or learning disabilities assessment, relevant legislation and policies, and challenges influencing the fields of achievement or neuropsychological assessment nationally; and know how achievement and neuropsychological tests are best used in practice.
you will participate in all phases of test development (initiation, pilot, tryout, standardization, and final) taking a product from conception to publication. you will work with a cross-functional team that may include a project manager, a product manager, a clinical assessment developer (i.e., research assistant), an editor, a psychometrician and/or statistician, and software designers and engineers, among others. you may also work with the test author(s) to develop test content and format.
some of the tasks you will be involved with during the initial test development phases include reviewing literature to inform product plans, working with a senior research director and psychometrician to develop a research plan and data analysis plan; creating new items, working with the project team to develop visual stimuli (art) for items as appropriate, and determining scoring rules. you will work with software designers and engineers to help prototype and build digital solutions for subtest administration and scoring. as the research continues, you will describe the population needed to participate in the research, review all data analyses conducted by the psychometrics team, and review the final data to be included in the test manual. in the final test development phases, you will develop the outline for the administration and scoring manual and technical and interpretive manual following our standard templates and you will write manual chapters. you will also edit chapters written by the author and/or external consultants. you will work closely with the project team to ensure that all test components are prepared in a timely manner to meet the publication schedule. your work may involve the supervision of or collaboration with other team members; you will report to a senior research director who will mentor, guide, and review your work to ensure the quality of the research and timely publication.
qualifications
experience

must have knowledge of/expertise/training in learning disabilities or neuropsychological assessment.
must be very familiar with the pearson line of assessments and have used them with clinical and other special populations.
must have graduate level skills in research methods and statistics and a minimum of 3 years’ experience in clinical or educational settings that includes the administration, interpretation, and/or development of neuropsychological or achievement tests that assist with the diagnosis of learning disabilities.

skills required

must have strong oral and written communication skills, good planning and organizational skills, ability to work within a team, flexibility, and desire to learn the test development and publishing process.
must have a strong interest in conducting research on a daily basis.
must have strong skills in the area of research and statistics.
must have a strong understanding of learning disabilities and their diagnosis, neuropsychological assessment, or have the ability to quickly acquire that expertise, including command of clinical research in that area and experience in assessment.
must be comfortable with technology, with demonstrated ability to utilize and/or teach others to utilize technology in business.
must have the ability to work collaboratively as part of a multidisciplinary project team including designers, user experience experts, editors, marketing and sales professionals, and others.

preferred additional skills
experience and/or skills in one or more of these research, business, software, web technology, or related areas is desired but not required.

history of scholarly research publications or research presentations at national or regional conferences
use of mobile and web applications in professional and/or daily life, such as setting up and running a webex; creating a website or an advanced facebook site; use of various on-line teaching or learning tools; use of on-line team collaboration tools; use of dropbox or similar tool
familiarity with using software/content as a service (e.g., web-based software such as pearson’s q-interactive)
knowledge of basic digital prototyping tools (e.g., appcooker)
basic knowledge of xml or html

education
ph.d. in psychology with specialized training in neuropsychology, educational psychology, learning disabilities, or related field
primary location: us-tx-san antonio
other locations us-tx-austin, us-mn-bloomington, us-tx-houston
work locations: us-tx-san antonio-19500 bulverde 19500 bulverde road san antonio 78259
job: professional development
organization: assessments clinical
employee status: regular employee
job type: standard
shift: day job
job posting: oct 6, 2017
job unposting: ongoing
schedule: full-time regular
req id: 1716432









apply now





apply now


share















current search criteria




              research director - clinical ass...
            



              san antonio
            



              texas
            

clear all










product
assessment
technology
operations
corporate
sales/marketing
intern/apprenticeships
educators
all jobs













if you are a qualified individual with a disability and are unable or limited in your ability to use or access this site as a result of your disability, you may request reasonable accommodations by calling 1-877-311-0948.
please follow the links below to the "eeo is the law", which describes the federal laws prohibiting job discrimination based on race, color, sex, national origin, religion, age, equal pay, disability or genetic information. www1.eeoc.gov/employers/poster.cfm and the "eeo is the law supplement" which has additional information for federal contractors: https://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/ofccp_eeo_supplement_final_jrf_qa_508c.pdf
the pay transparency nondiscrimination provision found here (https://www.dol.gov/ofccp/pdf/pay-transp_formattedesqa508c.pdf ) provides applicants and employees notice that pearson will not discriminate against them for inquiring about, discussing or disclosing their pay or, in certain circumstances, the pay of their co-workers.
pearson is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer and a member of e-verify. all qualified applicants, including minorities, women, protected veterans, and individuals with disabilities are encouraged to apply.
all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, genetic information, disability status, veteran status, national origin or any other characteristic protected by law.









 
facebook







twitter







google+
 





linkedin















about pearson
 products & services 
efficacy & research
sustainability
investors
news
 careers






contact us
support
our policies












privacy policy
cookies
legal statement
accessibility
modern slavery act
copyright © 1996– pearson all rights reserved.




















