


view all jobs/careers - drupal developer 16246 in san antonio, texas, united states














































skip to main content


twitter
facebook
linkedin
youtube
instagram






			camber corporation is now part of the integrated mission solutions group of hii's technical solutions division.
		







where




what













            
                
                    view all jobs/careers
                
            
        






where

city, state, country


what

job title, keywords











home

            view all jobs
            
(195)












camber corporation


drupal developer 16246 in
            
san antonio, texas








description
description:
huntington ingalls industries (camber corporation) provides mission-critical engineering and technical service to information technology, federal civilian, and national security, aerospace & defense and international government and commercial customers at over 100 locations worldwide.
hii-camber is currently seeking a drupal developer to work out of their san antonio, tx location supporting the defender services office (dso).  this position supports the case management systems office (cmso) including the national it operations and application development (nitoad) branch.
work will require a substantial knowledge of web technology and programming skills necessary to organize information, develop web pages, create web templates, develop web applications, establish site structure, and produce website documentation. candidate will ensure work products are correct, adhere to the design concepts, and comply with agency requirements and standards.  candidate will participate in test activities, demonstrate product to government personnel for approval, prepare status reports, and provide presentations of the redesigned sites to end user representatives. candidate will participate in other technical assistance as required. the candidate will have demonstrated experience as a senior web designer/developer level, including work developing web applications and websites.
duties and responsibilites :

research, make recommendations on, and implement modules and custom development code using drupal
advanced site-building experience including deep familiarity with drupal modules such as ctools, views, panels
create custom drupal modules and themes
research, implement, support, and maintain an automated content and file expiration process
maintain a development instance of the web sites that mimic the production servers.
implement a responsive web design approach
design the web site(s) such that they are functional on common pc browser platforms
responsible for implementing security controls to protect the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of data and systems
provide support for penetration testing activities
remediate any vulnerabilities discovered as part of routine vulnerability scanninng
implement password and other security policies
research and implement security controls, mechanisms or measures to increase the security level of the web site(s))

qualifications and experience :
required-

high school and at least eight (8) years' of it experience
experience coding in drupal
experience with standard web formats (html, pdf, docx, xlsx, etc), design, develop  and implement software code (such as html, xml, javascript, etc),
excellent customer service skills
able to work and interact with others in a structured / team environment
accuracy and attention to detail
independent problem solver with troubleshooting, decision making and analytical skills
flexibility and adaptability to handle competing work demands
verbal and written communication skills
demonstrated ability to communicate to nontechnical audiences on technical issues
demonstrated ability to communicate on a technical level to technical audiences
ability to do limited travel (0 - 4 times a year) preferred- 
knowledge of several of the following areas (javascript, sql server, mysql, php, html, visual basic). security: 
all candidates will be subject to a pre-employment background investigation and drug screening per hii requirements.

about us
camber corporation is part of the integrated mission solutions group of hii’s technical solutions division. integrated mission solutions group is a leading provider of agile software engineering and information technology solutions; all hazards services; modeling, simulation, and training solutions and services; unmanned systems support; intelligence analysis and operations; and engineering and management services to department of defense, federal, and commercial customers.
integrated mission solutions group (camber), a subsidiary of huntington ingalls industries, inc. (hii) is headquartered in huntsville, al. from camber’s founding in 1990, we have grown to 32 offices, positioned to provide responsive support to our customers across the united states. we deploy personnel to support our customers globally, including many locations in asia, africa, and europe, providing daily interface on technical, programmatic, and operations issues. overall, more than 1,600 camber professionals deliver iso 9001:2008-certified and cmmi ml3 high-value solutions to customers worldwide.
camber corporation is an equal opportunity employer eoe/aa minorities/females/veterans/disabled









apply now





apply now


share















current search criteria




              drupal developer 16246
            



              san antonio
            



              texas
            

clear all














legal

disclaimer and privacy policy
anti-corruption program
conflict minerals policy and disclosure
california transparency in supply chains act of 2010 and u.k. modern slavery act of 2015



resources

fact sheets
site map
media contacts
multimedia gallery



build your career

job search
accessibility
ban the box
eeo is the law
eeo poster supplement
pay transparency policy statement



contact us

670 discovery dr.
						huntsville, al 35806
					
(256) 922-3500
info@camber.com






copyright © , huntington ingalls industries, inc.

twitter
facebook
linkedin
youtube
instagram



















