



dorado software - careers














products

rc synergy 
enterprise it management 
service provider 
engineering tools 



solutions

operational communities 
commercial service/nfv/sdn 
inventory 
monitoring 
traffic flow analysis 
cisco ipsla 
network configuration 
change/compliance
storage management 
mpls infrastructure 
security services 
carrier ethernet 
vpn 
lte 
ims 
cpe 
mobile backhaul 
service assurance 
service creation 
device/element management 
managed services 



partners

telco cloud/nfv/ip 
partner source 
resellers/var 
system integrators
manufacturers/oem 
managed service providers 
dell



developers 

device driver sdk
redcell service studio 



support

support overview 
training 



company

about dorado 
career opportunities
news







contact 







nfv/sdn
downloads
redcell™
live chat















software-engineer2-performance-mngt





company


about dorado software 
career opportunities 
news 














 

live chat by liveperson



 












we were impressed with redcell's proactive capabilities. upon installation, redcell immediately began adding value to our network operations
dave nebral, network/telecom manager at greatbatch





career opportunities
send resume to hr@doradosoftware.com
software engineer ii - product development - performance management component
the candidate shall be responsible for the definition, design, development, testing and maintenance of the performance management application within dorado software's redcell product suite. 
responsibilities include:

create, modify and maintain software applications for collecting and managing performance data from network resources (switches, routers, network appliances, servers, storage devices, and more).
develop functional requirements, design documents, and release documentation for identifying the changes being made to the software.
ensuring designs and code are fully documented.
document, report and escalate project issues/defects.
perform software development tasks within project guidelines/timelines.
work with software development team members to ensure seamless integration with the existing features in the redcell product suite.
adhere to software development process, internal standards and architectural integrity of the redcell system.


experience:

professional experience creating and maintaining software using the java programming language.
experience managing very large data volumes within a database of teh java jvm.
experience working with the collection and processing of performance metrics gathered via snmp.
experience working with the collection and processing of  netflow data.
experience with object oriented design and familiarization with uml.
experience with system level analysis of complex problems
experience working directly with customers to identify and resolve problems

education:


bs/ms in computer science or electrical engineering


required skills:


proven ability applying design patterns.
strong database management background
willingness and ability to rapidly learn new technologies and tool sets
excellent problem solving skills.
strong communication skills (oral and written).
understanding of formal software development practices, including object oriented use case development.
experience with source control systems - perforce, git or other source code revision control systems.


desired skills:
software development


experience with software test automation tools (junit, silk, winrunner).
ip network programming, troubleshooting and debugging experience with java.
voice and multimedia technologies (sip, rtp/rtcp and multimedia technologies)











 contact for a  free trial!


 
demo redcell today!











 signup for the dorado newsletter today!


 
full name: 
email:  












home 
products 
solutions 
partners 
developers 
company 
support 
contact 
privacy policy 


copyright© 2015 dorado software, inc.

designed and developed by black lizard interactive















