





		curriculum developer sme - careers at 6k systems	



























career opportunities with 6k systems
a great place to work.









careers at 6k systems



share with friends or subscribe!





 





current job opportunities are posted here as they become available.
subscribe to our rss feeds to receive instant updates as new positions become available.







		    back to openings		    






curriculum developer sme

 location:
universal city , tx

start your application
6k systems, inc. (6k) provides exceptional management consulting, information technology and mission services to dod, law enforcement and civilian agencies throughout the united states. in doing so, we utilize industry best practices to develop procedures that ensure compliance, consistency, reliability, and efficiency. as these standards evolve, we improve our level of quality and service to meet new demands. 
 consistent with this focus, 6k holds a wide range of accreditations and certifications, including iso 9001:2008 (quality management), iso 14001:2015 (environmental management), iso 27001:2013 (security management), and cmmi maturity level 2. 6k is a microsoft gold solution provider (mscp, mcse1, mcdba, mcsa, mcnps, mcts, sa, mcitp, mctem).
this focus on quality and commitment to unparalleled customer satisfaction drives 6k to continuous improvement and growth. we are determined to grow our business and customer relationships through integrity, superior performance, and an uncompromising dedication to excellence.
we are currently looking for a curriculum developer sme to join our team! 
job responsibilities
individual will provide subject matter expertise and experience in curriculum development to the air education and training command (aetc) teaching and learning center (tlc). other duties include:

 review developed or completed curriculum, assessment materials, evaluative materials, teaching aids, etc., to provide feedback and recommendations to maximize learning effectiveness. (note: typically, these reviews will be conducted via electronic means; in-person consultations will be pre-coordinated)
 provide availability “on demand” for consultation, product/program review and evaluation of aetc products and products. consultation can be via telephone or electronic means (email, social media, etc). (note: in-person consultations will be pre-coordinated)
 provide classes and workshops to meet specific developmental needs. when offered via distributed learning techniques, these offerings may be provided synchronously or asynchronously, facilitated or unfacilitated, depending upon the need (face-to-face classes or workshops may become necessary)
 reviewing and/or providing consultation on student-management and/or registration/transcripting systems, processes or procedures to maximize ease of student use and ensure that airmen’s learning records accurately reflect the learning they have achieved
 perform as an advisor/consultant in discovering, testing and/or considering for implementation any learning technologies

 
requirements 

 bachelor’s degree required; masters and/or phd preferred
 extensive knowledge of learning theory, psychology of learning, and instructional systems design (isd)
 extensive knowledge of, and the ability to expertly apply, isd practices, principles and techniques encompassing instructor, instructional designer, curriculum developer, course developer and instructor training competencies
 extensive knowledge of, and ability to expertly apply, skills in the development and delivery of web- and cloud-based learning experiences that are engaging and that produce validated, measurable results
 extensive expertise in instructor facilitation, qualitative and quantitative data analysis, applied research methods, investigations, and the design, development, delivery, assessment and improvement of educational programs
 extensive knowledge of, and ability to expertly apply, multimedia methods of curriculum design, development, and delivery (i.e., embedded video instruction and other graphic intensive products)
 extensive knowledge of, and expert skill in, web technologies such as html 5, xml, oracle, java, and sql
 expert competency with microsoft office applications (word, excel, powerpoint, access, outlook, project manager, and vista) and adobe/dreamweaver tools
 expert competency in the development of assessment programs objectives and tools. expert competency in the delivery/reporting of assessment results with attendant recommendations
 expert competency in creating and managing marketing programs to provide the widest exposure to aetc’s courses, classes, products and services 

this position is located at the joint base san antonio-randolph afb in universal city, tx. 
6k systems offers a competitive salary and a generous benefits package. this package includes medical, dental, vision, life, short and long term disability insurances, and a 401(k) retirement plan. 
6k systems is an equal opportunity employer; all qualified applicants are encouraged to apply. eeo/m/f/d/v

start your applicationor 






 visit our home page © 2017 6k systems 

applicant tracking system powered by 

















