





workday engineer job in san antonio, tx at usaa
























































career center

about usaa
career areas
locations
military
university
life @ usaa
returning applicants





































it jobs at usaa



















careers
/

search jobs



it jobs



systems-network engineering jobs



        
    workday engineer

    








workday engineer job

apply now

job number: r0003945

location: 



                        san antonio, tx
78288,united states
                


date posted: 2017-10-30
full job title: workday engineer 
job family: it 
 

purpose of jobwe are currently seeking a workday engineer for our san antonio, tx facility.software developers and integrators (sdis) are engaged in all phases of the software development lifecycle which include; gathering and analyzing user/business system requirements, responding to outages and creating application system models. sdis primary functions are to design, develop, document, test and debug new and existing software systems and/or applications for internal use, perform defect corrections (analysis, design, code). in addition, sdis participate in design meetings and consult with business clients to refine, test, and debug programs to meet business needs, and interact and sometimes direct third party partners in the achievement of business and technology initiatives. this role is a solid, career-level role where functional and technical proficiency has been obtained, and incumbents display a depth of technical understanding within their respective areas of specialization allowing them to operate independently. incumbents also display a proficiency that allows them to begin to mentor others (third party and internal resources) on procedural matters.job requirementsindependently installs, customizes and integrates commercial software packages. facilitates root cause analysis of system issues. works with experienced team members to conduct root cause analysis of issues, review new and existing code and/or perform unit testing. learns to create system documentation/play books and attends requirements, design and code reviews. receives work packages from manager and/or delegates.identifies ideas to improve system performance and impact availability. resolves complex technical design issues.creates system documentation/play book(s) and participates as a reviewer and contributor in requirements, design and code reviews. may serve as the subject matter expert on development techniques.partners with experienced team members to develop accurate work estimates on work packages.may serve as a mentor on procedural matters to less experienced internal and third party team members. may assist experienced team members with the delegation of work packages.minimum requirementsbachelor's degree or 4+ years of work experience in the information technology field.4+ years of software development experience demonstrating depth of technical and functional understanding within specific i/t discipline(s)/technology(s) in etl and database.*qualifications may warrant placement in a different job level.*when you apply for this position, you will be required to answer some initial questions. this will take approximately 5 minutes. once you begin the questions you will not be able to finish them at a later time and you will not be able to change your responses.preferred knowledge of workday and workday studio.knowledge of java, xml, xslt, and web services.database experience.typically includes up to 6 years of experience demonstrating technical depth and experience in particular, relevant discipline(s) and/or application(s).previous experience leading teams is desirable, but not required.experience with agile development methodology is also preferred.the above description reflects the details considered necessary to describe the principal functions of the job and should not be construed as a detailed description of all the work requirements that may be performed in the job.at usaa our employees enjoy one of the best benefits packages in the business, including a flexible business casual or casual dress environment, comprehensive medical, dental and vision plans, along with wellness and wealth building programs. additionally, our career path planning and continuing education will assist you with your professional goals.usaa also offers a variety of on-site services and conveniences to help you manage your work and personal life, including seven cafeterias, two company stores and three fitness centers.relocation assistance is available for this position.

apply now





join our talent network




search videos by job description


back to top















frequently asked questions















corporate info & media
news center
privacy
careers
accessibility
contact us
site map
faqs
site terms





                    copyright ©2017 usaa.
                

                    usaa is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer and gives consideration for employment to qualified
                    applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, genetic information,
                    sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, pregnancy, veteran status or any other legally protected
                    characteristic. if you'd like more information about your eeo rights as an applicant under the law, please click here.
                    for usaa’s affirmative action and eeo statement, please click here. furthermore, usaa makes hiring decisions compliant with the fair chance initiative for hiring ordinance (lamc 189.00).
                

                    usaa provides equal opportunity to qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans. usaa will provide
                    reasonable accommodation when requested to enable completion of the online employment inquiry form or, if desired,
                    an alternative method of inquiry. if you need a reasonable accommodation, please email humanresources@usaa.com
                    for assistance.
                

                    usaa means united services automobile association and its insurance, banking, investment and other companies.
                    banks member fdic. investments provided by usaa investment management company and usaa financial advisors inc.,
                    both registered broker dealers.
                

                    did 205814 - 0514
                








