


student/graduate assistant - earthquake database and web support

















skip to main content







home
search jobs
create account
log in
help



uei home
about




student/graduate assistant - earthquake database and web support

	below you will find the details for the position including any supplementary documentation and questions you should review before applying for the opening.  to apply for the position, please click the apply for this job link/button.

	if you would like to bookmark this position for later review, click on the bookmark link. if you would like to print a copy of this position for your records, click on the print preview link.

bookmark this posting |
    print preview |
        apply for this job


please see special instructions for more details.
        please complete all fields of the employment application. include your educational history in the "educational experience" section and any employment history in the "employment experience" section of your application.
      


job details



job information



job title
student/graduate assistant - earthquake database and web support


student classification
student assistant or graduate assistant


job code
c50118


posting type
student/nonbenefited (nstu)


posting number
pe337f17


job description summary
the department of conservation, california geological survey is seeking a student/graduate assistant. this is an opportunity for a student/graduate assistant to work with a team at the california geological survey on the center for engineering strong motion data (cesmd). the cesmd, a joint center of the california state and federal government, receives and processes the u.s. and international earthquake strong motion data and uploads data to the cesmd database. the student/graduate assistant will help to modify and develop scripts to work with the center’s database and web interface.


conditions of employment
this is a part-time, temporary, non-benefited, student position. employment in all positions with university enterprises, inc. is dependent upon the mutual consent of university enterprises, inc. and the employee. this means that either university enterprises, inc. or the employee can, at any time, terminate the employment relationship at will, with or without cause.
depending on the type of position you are applying for, a pre-employment background check consisting of one or more of the following may be conducted, employment history, professional references, criminal check, educational verification (i.e., degree, license, or official transcript) and physical exam and drug urinalysis test. applicants will be required to pass required pre-employment checks to the satisfaction of university enterprises inc., (uei) and the hiring agency or department.


work schedule
monday through friday, between the hours of 8:00 am to 5:00 pm. flexible.


additional work schedule
student assistant and graduate assistant employees generally work up to 20 hours per work week (sunday – saturday) during the academic year and up to 40 hours per work week during breaks; winter, spring & summer.
student assistants are not permitted to telecommute or work remotely.


area
sacramento


on/off sacramento state campus
off campus


worksite city
sacramento


pay range
$12.00 - $18.00 per hour


department/agency
conservation, department of (doc)


unit/division
california geological survey


project description
in april 1860 the california legislature established the geological survey of california that has evolved during its 150 years of service, and several name changes, into today’s modern california geological survey (cgs). of course, the earliest history of cgs has its founding roots entwined with the discovery of gold in 1848.
cgs is dedicated to the fulfillment of its mission to provide scientific products and services about the state’s geology, seismology and mineral resources that affect the health, safety, and business interests of the people of california.
cgs geoscientists, engineers and support staff take great pride in upholding the heritage of an organization that has a 150 year legacy of providing the highest quality of scientific and engineering products and services to the state of california.
to learn more about the ca geological survey visit our website at www.consrv.ca.gov/cgs/pages/index.aspx


majors/fields of study
computer science and engineering, mathematics, physics, statistics


minimum qualifications
knowledge of scripting languages.
knowledge of working on mysql database.


prerequisites
must be a college student attending classes during the regular term (fall, spring and winter, if applicable), at one of the accredited colleges or universities on our affiliation list.
to view our current affiliation list please paste the following url into your browser: http://www.calinterns.org/wp-content/uploads/affiliation_list.pdf 

students must be enrolled at a minimum in; six semester units or nine quarter units for undergraduate students; four semester units or six quarter units for graduate students.

students declared major must match the major(s) listed in the job posting.




position description



preferred qualifications
familiarity with programming languages and web development is a plus.


duties and responsibilities
assist with preparing incoming earthquake strong motion data and upload data to the center’s database. assist with the improvement of the center’s web interface and databases.


physical requirements
sit for extended periods; frequently stand and walk; manual dexterity and hand-eye coordination; corrected hearing and vision to normal range; verbal communication; use of office equipment including computer workstations, telephones, calculators, copiers, printers, scanners, and fax machines, with or without a reasonable accommodation.


working conditions
work is performed in an office environment.


hours per week
students (part-time) 0-20 hours per week during the academic year, up to 40 hours per week during breaks; winter, spring and summer. (nstu)


posting date
12/05/2017


closing date
01/05/2018


open until filled
no


special instructions to applicant
please complete all fields of the employment application. include your educational history in the “educational experience” section and any employment history in the “employment experience” section of your application.


quick link for internal postings
http://ueijobs.peopleadmin.com/postings/8643





applicant documents

required documents


optional documents

resume
cover letter


supplemental questions

required fields are indicated with an asterisk (*).

 * 
  how did you hear about this position?
    
sacramento bee
careerbuilder
university enterprises website
internal job posting
personal referral
indeed
other



  if other, please specify.
    (open ended question)

 * 
  are you a college student attending classes during the regular term (fall, spring and winter, if applicable), at an accredited college or university and enrolled in at least 6 semester or 9 quarter units as an undergraduate or 4 semester or 6 quarter units as a graduate student? 
    
yes
no


 * 
  is your major/field of study on of the following: computer science and engineering, mathematics, physics or statistics?
    
yes
no


 * 
  do you have knowledge of working on mysql database?
    
yes
no


 * 
  do you have knowledge of scripting languages?
    
yes
no











© 2017 university enterprises, inc. all rights reserved. privacy statement.










