


web developer (us0117) | perform group careers





























































about

about perform group
our csr projects
investors
jobs


our divisions

perform media

goal studios
goal
sporting news
eplayer
soccerway
spox
sportal.de
voetbalzone
mackolik
sahadan
match en direct


perform content

rights holder partnerships

wta media
fiba media
nfl
laliga data centre


opta

world cup 2018


optapro
omnisport

world cup 2018


perform betting solutions

world cup 2018


perform sports cloud
perform productions


dazn


news
contact

language

bahasa
deutsch
español
français
italiano
日本語
한글
nederlands
polski
português
türkçe






























careersusa








































web developer (us0117) - charlotte, nc, usa
29.11.2017

job details

department:61-669 sd dev pool
job title:web developer (us0117)
reports to:head of development
location:charlotte, nc
hours of work:full time

 
perform is recruiting for:
web developer (s) -design, product, programming
location: charlotte, nc 28202
 
as a web developer and member of the global development team, you will proactively work with the design, product and programming teams to manage and add new features to the current and new versions of the sporting news website we work with. in this role you will identify and resolve cross-platform compatibility and performance issues during development as well as deliver web applications to a large audience.
 
why perform?
 here at perform we like to consider ourselves a progressive, dynamic, fun and fast-paced global sports media broadcasting company. we are passionate about what we do and really good at it too!! helping to set the bar for what people want and expect from a sports service on web, tv, tablet, game consoles and mobile. perform is a highly collaborative, dynamic environment where your work will have a real impact on the success of the company.
 
what will you do in your new role?

maintain and extend front end libraries and frameworks.
identify and resolve cross-platform compatibility and performance issues during development.
deliver web applications to a large audience with speed and efficiency
excellent knowledge of oo javascript.
excellent knowledge of oo server-side languages like php or python.
extensive knowledge of javascript libraries and frameworks including
jquery, and an mv* framework.
excellent knowledge of html, and the html5 specification.
familiar with source control.
software engineering practices such as test-driven development, automation and continuous integration.
experience writing unit tests.
experience working with, or an interest in agile development methods.
extensive experience developing front end applications
experience building widgets/web components
experience using modern workflow tools such as grunt, bower, and node.
provide a sound portfolio of work

do you have these essentials to be considered for an interview?

bachelor’s degree or equivalent work experience
familiar with software engineering practices such as test-driven development, automation and continuous integration
knowledge of oo javascript.
knowledge of oo server-side languages like php or python.

 
benefits
you’ll receive 15 days of paid annual leave (from the start), 9 paid public holidays, affordable health benefits (dental and vision included), generous sick time package, competitive parental leave, short and long term disability paid by the company, basic term life insurance and personal accident insurance paid by the company, 401(k), flexible work environment. 
 
and there’s more…… you’ll have access to our online learning portal and be part of our ‘career deal’, which aims to support your continued professional development. we also offer a structured management development program as well as opportunities to progress your career overseas.



if you haven’t yet got a feel for the culture at perform, then read on…



perform creates and distributes sports content that millions of fans around the world interact with every day. our global content collection, production and distribution capabilities alongside industry leading digital products are unrivaled in the market and enable us to generate revenues through licensing, advertising and subscription. our clients include sports federations including the atp, wta tennis, premier league and nba as well as numerous global brands in broadcast and online publishing.

find out more about what we do at   www.performgroup.com

interested candidates please apply here! 




  share on facebook 
  share on twitter
  share on linkedin 
  add to pocket 










back to vacancies












 





perform group
sussex house
plane tree crescent
feltham, tw13 7he, uk
tel: +44 (0)20 3372 0600
info@performgroup.com
twitter: @performgroup












							 2017 						
home
sitemap
terms of use
privacy notice
cookie policy
tax policy
 

















