

integration test engineer job at general dynamics - ordnance and tactical systems (ca) in healdsburg, ca | localjobnetwork.com

















































integration test engineer job at general dynamics - ordnance and tactical systems (ca) in healdsburg, ca; folsom, ca



 forward   print  

apply online nowprocessing...

share


 








position:integration test engineercompany:general dynamics - ordnance and tactical systems (ca)job location(s):healdsburg, ca; folsom, castart date: 
employment term: regular
employment type:full time
hours per week: 40
starting salary range:not provided
 required education:bachelor's degree
required experience:2 to 5 years
required security clearance: none
related categories: engineering - general, aviation and aerospace




position description
general dynamics ordnance & tactical systems (gd-ots) engineers a diverse portfolio of high technology solutions, products and services that enable customers to successfully execute missions across all domains of operation. we partner with the best in industry to expand the bounds of innovation in the defense and scientific arenas. given the nature of our work and who we are, we value trust, honesty, alignment and transparency. we offer highly competitive benefits and pride ourselves in being a great place to work with a shared sense of purpose. if who we are and what we do resonates with you, we invite you to join our high performance team!


responsible for contributing to the development and implementation of engineering test equipment and/or the preparation of test plans, procedures, and reports.  you will collaborate with and serve as a conduit between development engineering, npi manufacturing, and production to ensure the successful development, integration, and implementation of test equipment and test processes into the npi and production environments.

essential duties and responsibilities:  you will participate in test equipment development, test definition, and the integration of test equipment and processes into the new product introduction (npi) and production environments.  the development of test equipment may include designs with electrical, fluids, structural, and instrumentation elements, as well as operating software. conduct of testing will require a capability to define test objectives and procedures, and the technical writing skills to clearly define those test goals and plans, to outline test procedures in an understandable and reproducible sequence, and to report fully with test results and interpretations and recommendations.  

major competencies/skills: 

general understanding of servo and test systems
working knowledge of instrumentation and data acquisition
knowledge of personnel safety and product protection practices, and a disciplined adherence to test procedures and safety practices
understanding of test documentation format and content requirements
clear, concise technical writing preparation of test plans, procedures, & reports
proficiency in estimating hours for tasks
knowledge of laboratory test equipment and software tools, including dspace, labview, and matlab 

experience:

bs degree plus 2 - 5 years’ related experience
 
eeo/m/f/v/d/aap ~ drug free workplace
 
 
if you require assistance or an accommodation for a disability covered under the americans with disabilities act, please email staffing@gd-ots.com or call: 727-578-8252. please note this contact information is for those requesting a reasonable accommodation while applying for a job, because of a covered disability. 

general dynamics ordnance and tactical systems (gd-ots) expressly prohibits discrimination or retaliation against an individual who has a disability and/or who requests a reasonable accommodation. gd-ots is an equal opportunity employer. we welcome and encourage diversity in the workforce.gd-ots is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer - minorities/females/protected veterans/disabled




apply online nowprocessing...
share

 










        indicates required fields




to:







from:







subject:







enter your message:





















        please provide feedback on any problems or issues you may encounter. note: the feedback provided
            is sent to the
            localjobnetwork.com
            web site team, not the company posting this position. 
    

        indicates required fields





                        company:





position:






feedback type:








subject:







feedback/comments:
























