

front end developer jobs in charlotte north carolina | information technology job recruiters































































about us

about us

our story
leadership
community involvement
awards


culture

working for kavaliro
internal opportunities
referral policy
blog

press




contact us

locations




services

services and solutions

it solutions

hardware moves
office 365
sharepoint
vendor-agnostic reviews




staffing

information technology (it)
engineering
administrative professionals
accounting & finance
project solutions & delivery


case studies

it
staffing


recruitment process outsourcing


blog
contact us


menu


webcenter login



























toggle navigation







 new search
 sign up
 login

















kavaliro

http://www.kavaliro.com





front end developer





charlotte, 
                        north carolina





post date: 11/22/2017
2017-11-22
job id: 26347
industry: information technology






job description 




front end developer 
the front-end developer (fed) is primarily a coder, using front end web technologies to build websites and applications, but also provides design and ux expertise. the fed has a strong design sense and deep understanding of design and development best practices. 
job duties:
create websites and applications from the scratch using front end web technologies.
provide design and technical feedback on designs and participate in ux team design sessions. 
work closely with ux designer and it partners to execute designs.
serve as a technical resource for other web team members. 
required qualifications
at least two years of experience in a related field. 
expert in html and css, including css3 and html5. 
advanced javascript skills and knowledge of mvc javascript frameworks. 
experience in angularjs a bonus. 
experience working with restful apis. 
experience with sass or other css preprocessors. 
experience with building responsive websites. 
experience with git or similar version control tools. comfort with basic to intermediate command line actions. 
deep understanding of web standards, browser compatibility issues and front-end development best practices. 
strong design sense. understands how to create user friendly and aesthetically pleasing web pages. ability to collaborate with the ux design team and provide insightful design and ux insights. 
desired qualifications 
experience in sharepoint branding and front-end development for sharepoint. 
experience or familiar with rapid prototyping tools such as axure or invision. 
experience working on agile teams. 
ba/bs degree in computer engineering, computer science, business or related field.
 







by using best practices and optimal employee recruiting strategies, kavaliro provides employers with employment solutions by providing the most qualified and professional employees, who can staff both project and permanent positions in order to ensure the ongoing success of all types of businesses. we use a streamlined-yet-thorough approach to staffing that saves our clients administrative time, resources and money.



 apply online

















 apply online







not ready to apply?
 apply later


send an email reminder to:
email address










share this job:






related jobs:


    
    
        there are currently no related jobs. please sign up for job alerts.
    
    

 loading...










































eoe
drug-free
fmsdc

home
about us
looking for work
looking to hire
services
contact us
blog



© 2014 kavaliro











