

vallen careers




































 









show navigation
hide navigation

career homeemployment listings 

search current openings


update your profile


create a job agent


update job agent


recruiting agency login


benefitsfaqs








 



your user session will timeout in 5 minutes.  please click ok to continue with your application.


















					web applicaton developer
				


						tracking code
					

						br-517b67 
					

						job description
					

can you represent our company in this technical role?
#cb
 
the opportunity
rapidly growing company is seeking a web developer/designer to join an ambitious team. you will be responsible for developing enterprise class web applications and maintaining the installation, configuration, and support of web applications and web services through best practices and industry standards. you will also be responsible for learning business processes to review requirements and develop applications to support those requirements. you will:


develop, code, install, test, debug, and document web applications
design and maintain nosql and mssql databases
conduct research into emerging web technologies in support of web development efforts
assist in development of new web features and applications in conjunction with business leaders and department managers
ensure security of all websites and related applications


 
skill set:
full lamp stack, mysql/mssql, nosql (e.g. monogdb), doctrine and/or propel orm, javascript, jquery, and/or angularjs, html5, css, sass, git, docker, jenkins, test driven development, agile, jira, cli, rest, soap, xml, json, ajax
 
 
about vallen
vallen is an industry leader in delivering flexible supply chain solutions and services along with a comprehensive range of maintenance, repair, operating, production, safety and electrical products to meet the growing supply needs of customers in facilities across north america and around the world. vallen is headquartered in belmont, nc and is a subsidiary of sonepar usa, part of the global sonepar family.
 
working at vallen
at vallen, we are committed to the success of our customers and our co-workers and do what it takes to get the job done right. we work diligently to improve and drive results that create value. we’re hands-on, responsive and team-oriented. we apply our insights, experience and relationships to find the best solution to every challenge. we hold ourselves to be personally accountable to do what we say we will do.
 
 
qualifications & benefits





computer science, mis or related degree (or relevant experience) required.
must have in-depth knowledge of back-end php development and other internet programming languages, web technologies, protocols, and tools including html, css, javascript, jquery, ajax, xml angularjs and other related tools.
java (spring framework) experience is a plus.
python experience is a plus.
symfony 2/3 or other php framework experience is a plus.
experience with codedeploy or other aws services, jenkins, capifony or other deployment methods
a strong understanding of oop and mvc required
knowledge of database development, including design, creation, administration and optimization of relational databases is a plus.
experience with elasticsearch a plus.
experience in gathering and analyzing business requirements.
should have good documentation skills (pre and post), testing of code and some understanding of sales and marketing.
experience working with agile teams is a plus.

 
 




401k plan, health insurance (medical, dental, and vision), paid vacation, paid sick, paid personal, paid holidays, flexible spending accounts (health and dependent care), employee assistance program, tuition reimbursement, employee discounts and a definitive career path.
 
eoe m/f/disability/veteran


						job location
					

						charlotte, north carolina, united states
					

						position type
					

						full-time/regular
					





							apply
						











								share
							






















					return to job listings
				



























vallen supply

blog
promotions
idg racing
msds search



about us

about vallen
careers
privacy policy
terms & conditions



resource center

vallen distribution inc. w-9
vallen (with speciality business) w-9
credit application
resale exemption certificates



company info

vallen is the market leader for industrial distribution and supply chain solutions.
order today. ships today.
800-932-3746







vallen © 2016. all rights reserved.














