

principal quality engineer job at general dynamics - ordnance and tactical systems (ca) in healdsburg, ca | localjobnetwork.com

















































principal quality engineer job at general dynamics - ordnance and tactical systems (ca) in healdsburg, ca; folsom, ca



 forward   print  

apply online nowprocessing...

share


 








position:principal quality engineercompany:general dynamics - ordnance and tactical systems (ca)job location(s):healdsburg, ca; folsom, castart date: 
employment term: regular
employment type:full time
hours per week: 40
starting salary range:not provided
 required education:bachelor's degree
required experience:8 to 10 years
required security clearance: none
related categories: quality assurance/safety, aviation and aerospace




position description
general dynamics ordnance & tactical systems (gd-ots) engineers a diverse portfolio of high technology solutions, products and services that enable customers to successfully execute missions across all domains of operation. we partner with the best in industry to expand the bounds of innovation in the defense and scientific arenas. given the nature of our work and who we are, we value trust, honesty, alignment and transparency. we offer highly competitive benefits and pride ourselves in being a great place to work with a shared sense of purpose. if who we are and what we do resonates with you, we invite you to join our high performance team!

essential duties and responsibilities: 

responsible for overseeing program quality requirements.
	
provides guidance to other quality engineers on quality matters.
may act as quality engineering team lead as assigned by manager.
provides bid and proposal numbers for quality dept.
acts as cost accountant manager (cam) for quality expenditures & forecasts
develop program quality plans
administer supplier flow downs on program p.o.’s
review of work orders and identify risk points and insert appropriate  quality inspection points as applicable to the process for risk mitigation
provide support and/or witness of acceptance testing of performance verification/design verification/electronic stress screening and all other acceptance testing as applicable by program needs.
review drawings for flow down of applicable program quality requirements
support of quality technicians and inspections.  provide guidance and mentoring of specific  program quality tasks
implement statistical process control procedures, data collection and analysis as applicable to review program quality performance and administer improvements as applicable.
develop and write inspection instructions and plans,and procedures as applicable to support program quality needs.
interface with customers in support of successful communication exchanges.
prepare and organize data in support of customer/supplier deliverable documentation requirements (sdrl’s/cdrl’s).
responsible for overseeing the dispositions of program non-conformance’s (ncs) and initiation of corrective and preventive actions (capa) in accordance with internal procedures.  provides necessary rigor to follow through  in a timely manner to close mrn actions and assure rcca and capa precludes further occurrence of non-conforming process and products. 
quality engineering support of mrb and ccb activities
analyze program defects, trend analysis and conduct root cause analysis as applicable to eliminate defects and improve product quality, cost and schedule.
rma facilitation


support the transition of assembly and test processes to other sites
support supplier quality with applicable program support;  source inspection, analysis of first article inspections-capability study gage r&r, supplier quality reviews, failure analysis investigation, site surveys and evaluations.
support of internal audit program as applicable and special projects as assigned.
other duties as assigned.

 major competencies/skills:

subject matter expert in quality engineering and quality inspection functions.
excellent knowledge with bids and proposals and cost estimating
ability to read blueprints.  understanding of geometrical dimensioning and tolerancing (gdt).
thorough knowledge of iso 9001 quality management systems
data driven, analytical, accurate & organized
strong knowledge base with problem solving skills and tools to administer root cause and corrective actions: gathers and analyzes information skillfully with ability to drive continuous improvement. 
solid computer skills (excel, word, project, visio, powerpoint and access)
experience with non-conforming material control and material review board, change control board, corrective and preventive action processes.
working knowledge of statistical process control, good interpersonal and communication skills.  team oriented

                       

education and/or experience:

preferred certified quality engineer or related quality assurance degree
8 -10 years applicable quality engineering experience. 
ability to obtain dod secret clearance

eeo/m/f/v/d/aap ~ drug free workplace
 
 
if you require assistance or an accommodation for a disability covered under the americans with disabilities act, please email staffing@gd-ots.com or call: 727-578-8252. please note this contact information is for those requesting a reasonable accommodation while applying for a job, because of a covered disability. 

general dynamics ordnance and tactical systems (gd-ots) expressly prohibits discrimination or retaliation against an individual who has a disability and/or who requests a reasonable accommodation. gd-ots is an equal opportunity employer. we welcome and encourage diversity in the workforce.






 









b dimensions (budget, staff, etc.):












independent contributor responsible for administering quality engineering across
assigned programs. support of quality technicians, could include mentoring
major competencies/skills:
? subject matter expert in quality engineering and quality inspection 
functions.
? excellent knowledge with bids and proposals and cost estimating
? ability to read blueprints. understanding of geometrical dimensioning 
and tolerancing (gdt).
? thorough knowledge of iso 9001 quality management systems
? data driven, analytical, accurate & organized
? strong knowledge base with problem solving skills and tools to administer
root cause and corrective actions: gathers and analyzes information
skillfully with ability to drive continuous improvement.
? solid computer skills (excel, word, project, visio, powerpoint and 
access)
? experience with non-conforming material control and material review 
board, change control board, corrective and preventive action processes.
? working knowledge of statistical process control, good interpersonal 
and communication skills. team oriented
education and/or experience:
? preferred certified quality engineer or related quality assurance degree
? 8 -10 years applicable quality engineering experience. 
? abilit






 











gd-ots is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer - minorities/females/protected veterans/disabled




apply online nowprocessing...
share

 










        indicates required fields




to:







from:







subject:







enter your message:





















        please provide feedback on any problems or issues you may encounter. note: the feedback provided
            is sent to the
            localjobnetwork.com
            web site team, not the company posting this position. 
    

        indicates required fields





                        company:





position:






feedback type:








subject:







feedback/comments:
























