


web developer 



















































http://midanmarketing.comhome
about us

who we are
what we do

purpose
history
capabilities


who we work with


research

research capabilities
consumers’ case
midan firsts


creative

creative capabilities
pr capabilities
creative work
midan firsts


media

midan
clients
inquiries


blog
connect

contact us
work with us!


midan marketinga vision for meat 




 





work with us! 
		







work with us! 
		


 


web developer
october 10, 2017  by   overview
the web developer is responsible for the development, updating, security and maintenance of all owned and operated web properties for midan and its clients. this includes developing websites, cms templates and cms-like module/plugin functions from scratch.  the web developer should be able to fully customize existing cms platforms and themes as required based on design requirements – and communicate any platform limitations, risks and/or heavy-lifting coding expectations before the design or development execution phase. this position will assist the creative team with the day-to-day management of all client and midan website needs.
the ideal candidate must be able to handle multiple responsibilities and efficiently juggle a workload that will always include shifting priorities and deadlines. on a daily basis, the position requires someone that can take initiative with minimal direction, has the ability to seek out information from appropriate sources and has exceptional follow-through. attention to detail is extremely important.
specific responsibilities 

web development – maintenance, updates, security
manages any hosting, domain, server or outsourced web development resources
helps to train team members on useful development techniques to improve the overall performance and creation of digital advertising assets and marketing efforts
helps develop and document procedures to manage web properties
develops and manages landing pages and helps team members execute a/b testing
keeps up-to-date with best practices in web design and development, including user experience (ux/ui), industry trends, emerging languages and platforms

 
qualifications 

5-7 years web development experience
expertise in wordpress cms platform, plus at least some experience in drupal
can fully customize any website template, cms, theme based on a custom design direction – creating repeatable, flexible, templates – potentially creating cms-like modules to add-on over time
html/5, java, javascript, css/3, php, c++/c/c#, sql/mysql

strongly desired

basic understanding of search/seo best practices as they relate to web development, clean and organized, bot-legible structure and code
systems integrations – api – development (.net, aws/lambda, node.js) and other scripts and automation commands
ux/ui layout and architecture
adheres to conversion, measurement and tracking best practices
adobe basics for simple design adjustments, resizing photos, font manipulation, can execute upon simple/basic design direction adjustments, etc.

bonus

advanced adobe expertise for web design and development
python, ruby, perl, coldfusion
sitecore
google analytics certification

 education and training:
bachelor’s degree in computer science or related
 

apply now–


return to top of pagecopyright © 2017 ·  genesis framework · wordpress · log intagsadvertising
amc
animal antibiotics
annual meat conference
art director
a vision for meat
baby boomers
boomers
branding
consumer research
consumer segmentation
consumer trends
copywriter
danette amstein
food safety
fresh meat
grocery shopping
health
marketing
market research
meal planning
meat
meat department
meat industry
meat marketing
meat shopping
merchandising
midan
midan marketing
midan marketing blog
millennials
nami
packers
photo shoot
pink slime
processors
protein
research
retailers
segmeatation
segmentation
social media
target market
transparency
work life balance
 
© 2017 midan marketing, llc. all rights reserved. site created by midan marketing.

 



















