




web developer sr at novant health






















skip navigation



menu

about us
our locations
working here
recruiting process
employee referral program
returning candidates






search


enter keyword



city, state, or zip




radius
radius
5 miles
15 miles
25 miles
35 miles
50 miles



search



be a part of delivering remarkable care





web developer sr
apply now
job id 157900 date posted 07/07/2015 facility novant health corporate department digital solutions work schedule

		full time, exempt

 
location: charlotte, ncjob summary:the employee's number one job responsibility is to deliver the most remarkable patient experience, in every dimension, every time, and understand how he or she contributes to the health system’s vision of achieving that commitment to patients and families. the senior web developer’s role is to provide technical and architectural direction for novant health’s web development activities, oversee and advise the activities of other web developers, as well as provide development and day-to-day operational and administrative support of the novant health web portfolio. this includes setting architectural direction, designing, building, testing, implementing and maintaining web applications, pages and sites; integrating applications with web-apis, back end systems, and databases; as well as migrating legacy applications to the web. knowledge and use of a variety of web development languages is required. this role designs the web properties and applications consistent with novant health’s business strategies and goals relative to internal and external communications, understands and can support other team members in the principles and application of efficient and secure coding standards, and works with management to develop and implement architectural and technical strategies to support novant health’s needs.qualifications:education: associates degree required. bachelor's degree preferred.experience: minimum of five years’ experience in field of web application development required. languages - asp.net, c#, vb.net, javascript, jquery, css, html, xml/xslt, sql, powershell required.additional skills required: ability to communicate effectively with technical and non-technical staff, user/customers, vendors, contractors/consultants and novant it and support personnel. ability to set technical direction and comply with project and coding standards and processes. ability to estimate tasks and assess the accuracy of team member’s estimates as well as provide accurate status of team’s development work. embraces, adapts, and encourages others to adopt new and changing technologies. excellent written and verbal communication skills. self-motivated and directed with astute attention to detail. ability to prioritize and manage multiple project tasks simultaneously. willing to work non-standard and extended hours. willing to be on-call for resolution of production system problems. experience with sql server and ability to write quality and efficient stored procedures and triggers. familiarity with dnn a plus. experience overseeing a dynamic, collaborative, team-oriented environment. experience working withagile development processes and methodologies a plus. experience working with microsoft sharepoint, developing sharepoint components, and integrating other systems with sharepoint a plus.additional skills preferred: b.s. degree in computer science, engineering, mathematics or it focus and four years related experience. b.s. degree and five years related experience. associates degree and six years of experience. military equivalence experience. combination of education and hands on work experience.
apply now





receive job alerts
sign up here for job alerts and to receive the novant health newsletter.

email addressyears of experienceselect oneless than 1 year1-3 years3-5 years5+ yearseducation/certification requirementselect oneassociate’s degreebachelor’s degreemaster’s degreedoctoral degreehigh school diploma 

keywordsbegin typing your category/location, select term and then click "add."categorylocationaddinformation technology, charlotte, north carolina, united statesremoveremove


confirm email














make a referral






submit

make a referral through work with me if you’re a current novant health team member, or share this job with friends if you’re not currently a team member.




facebook
twitter
google+
linkedin
email




view job location


similar jobs


mobile app developer senior
charlotte, north carolina
159949


business sys analyst associate
charlotte, north carolina
155631










home
human resources 1-800-890-5420
email us
novant health intranet
employee connections
vendor connections
novant trustees online
privacy statement
patient bill of rights
disclaimer
legal information



facebook
twitter
youtube
linkedin



novant health 

2085 frontis plaza blvd                    
                
winston-salem, north carolina  27103 

novant health is an equal opportunity employer and conducts all human resource practices in compliance with federal, state and local civil rights and employment legislation. accordingly, novant health considers all applicants for employment equally, without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, veteran’s status, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression and provides them with an opportunity to progress in the organization consistent with their skills and interests. ©2017 novant health









