





career opportunities








sr. web developer






job id:
2721


location:
charlotte, nc










description
title: sr. web developer  – information technology
location: charlotte, nc
position summary:
the sr. web developer will be part of the epri web and mobile team and will work on angular and .net development tasks. the ideal candidate should have great experience developing web applications in angular and a strong .net background with sharepoint development experience a plus. analyze project requirements and designing the components defined in the business requirements.  
job functions:


design, code and deploy web applications written in angular and c#


identify, troubleshoot and resolve web application issues


implement and maintain custom solutions for sharepoint 2013 including workflows, web parts, web services, application pages, master pages, and list definitions


create technical specifications and test plans


collaborate with business and team members


education level and years of experience:


minimum 5 years of experience in angular development


solid working knowledge of the web frontend development


knowledge, skills and abilities:


excellent organizational and time management skills


attention to detail, quick learner and produce quality documentation 


experience in .net development in addition to angular development


hands on experience on applications development and design using microsoft sharepoint


experience developing custom web parts using the sharepoint object model.  


ideal candidate: 
we are looking for a candidate with strong angular experience developing web applications.  a candidate with additional experience writing custom web applications in c# using the sharepoint object model will be given preference. 
 
 
epri participates in e-verify, an online system operated jointly by the department of homeland security and the social security administration (ssa). epri uses the system to check the work status of new hires by comparing information from the employee's i-9 form against ssa and department of homeland security databases.
note: to ensure compliance with u.s. export controls, please indicate your u.s. citizenship or (for foreign citizens) your u.s. visa/immigration status in your resume or cover letter.
epri is an equal opportunity employer.
eeo/aa/m/f/vets/disabled
together . . . shaping the future of electricity.
www.epri.com















note to previous applicants, if you have previously applied to this position, or any other epri position,  you are considered a "previous applicant".  if you are a previous applicant, do not use the "apply for this position" button.  instead, fill in your email and password and click "add to my jobs".












previous applicants:


email:





password:





if you do not remember your password click here.




<< back to search results


new search







