





php developer





























































            php developer        













 return to job opportunitiesjob detailslevel experiencedjob location matthews - matthews, ncposition type full timeeducation level bachelors degreesalary range undisclosedtravel percentage nonejob shift dayjob category information technologydescription at conbraco industries, we have the best flow control device and total piping system portfolio in the industry. our goal is to make it an easier and better buying experience by being the only organization that offers a complete line of flow control devices and piping systems solutions. we feature a full range of connections, including push, press, thread, groove, sweat, and crimp to fit your commercial, industrial, and backflow prevention needs. at conbraco, we recognize the importance of providing our employees with a good work environment and an excellent benefits package.
we are looking for a php developer responsible for managing back-end services and the interchange of data between the server and the users. you will be a part of a full-stack creative team that is responsible for all aspects of the ongoing application development from the initial specification, through to developing, testing and launching. your primary focus will be the development of all server-side logic, definition and maintenance of the central database, and ensuring high performance and responsiveness to requests from the front-end. you will also be responsible for integrating the front-end elements built by your co-workers into the application. therefore, a basic understanding of front-end technologies is necessary as well.
 
responsibilities
design, estimate, and code new features based on best practices and coding standards
integrate user-facing elements developed by front-end developers
perform code reviews of your team members' work
solve complex performance problems and architectural challenges
troubleshoot, test and maintain the core applications and databases to ensure strong optimization and functionality
contribute in all phases of the development lifecycle
qualifications strong knowledge of php web frameworks such as laravel, codeigniter
understanding the fully synchronous behavior of php
understanding of mvc design patterns
basic understanding of front-end technologies, such as javascript, html5, css3, ajax
knowledge of object oriented php programming
understanding accessibility and security compliance
strong knowledge of the common php or web server exploits and their solutions
understanding fundamental design principles behind a scalable application
user authentication and authorization between multiple systems, servers, and environments
creating database schemas that represent and support business processes
familiarity with sql/nosql databases and their declarative query languages
proficient understanding of code versioning tools, such as git
good knowledge of relational databases, version control tools and of developing web services
experience in common third-party apis (google, facebook, ebay, etc)
passion for best design and coding practices and a desire to develop new bold ideas
bs/ms degree in computer science, engineering or a related subject
 return to job opportunities 




first time user?
create account



returning user? please sign in!


sign in

forgot password?

 











 








