

	ca jobs




































skip to main content




×



default


high contrast




reset



increase font size
font 





decrease font size
font 













                                    ecos interruption:
                                

                                    online examinations will be down due to maintenance on saturday, december 16, 2017, from 5:00am - 6:00pm. thank you for your patience
                                



                                    calcareers informational message:
                                

                                    as of january 1, 2018, your salary information will no longer be required on your application template (std.678).
                                





×

























                                site search: 
						
						
						




                                site search
                            

 contact us

 faq

 glossary

 tutorials



                                 settings




                                 messages




























menu











search













home



new to state service




                                    state employees
                                







                                    veterans
                                



persons with disabilities



state retirees



log in
                                
















                                        job posting
                                    



































office of systems integration
job announcement posting


jc-91461 - senior content strategist
final filing date: 12/19/2017



position details


job control details

job code #:
jc-91461


position #(s):
791-753-1337-022



working title:
senior content strategist



classification:

senior information systems analyst (specialist)


                                        $6,057.00 - $7,961.00
                                        a
                                        
                                    










# of positions:
1


work location:
sacramento county


job type:
permanent, full time






department information

the office of systems integration (osi) provides project management, oversight, procurement and support services for a multi-billion dollar portfolio of high criticality projects. we are passionate about the people of california who receive vital health and human services by the successful delivery of our large, complex it systems. we are a trusted leader and work toward common goals, by sharing knowledge, learning and building consensus to implement solutions.  
whether you’re interested in the field of it or administrative support services, we offer excellent opportunities and a collaborative work environment. so, come build a career at the osi! 
 headquartered in the natomas area of sacramento, we offer free parking, many convenient shopping and dining options, a comfortable work environment and beautiful office facilities.

check out our jobs website and social media sites:
www.osicagovjobs.com
twitter
linkedin
facebook
www.osi.ca.gov



job description and duties
under general direction of the cws-ns chief of product (dpm iii), the senior content strategist (sr. isa) will be responsible for ensuring the cwds application is clearly and holistically written with application copy targeted for user literacy and need. the incumbent will work closely with user researchers, designers, product owners, stakeholders, policy, and data scientists. the incumbent will research, evaluate, and create the cwds application interface copy and improve information architecture, often collaborating or influencing training materials and product strategy communication.  cwds is taking a new approach to replace california’s legacy child welfare system using user-centered design, free open source software and iterative development through agile methodology. the ideal candidate will build collaborative relationships with state and county stakeholders in the development of a new system designed to support the child welfare workers, children, and families. see attached duty statement for complete list of essential functions.pending dof approval 


application instructions

completed applications and all required documents must be received or postmarked by the final filing date in order to be considered. dates printed on mobile bar codes, such as the quick response (qr) codes available at the usps, are not considered postmark dates for the purpose of determining timely filing of an application.
            final filing date: 12/19/2017
who may apply
 individuals who are currently in the classification, eligible for lateral transfer, eligible for reinstatement, eligible for a training and development assignment, have sroa and/or surplus eligibility, or have list eligibility (or are in the process of obtaining list eligibility). sroa and surplus candidates may attach “surplus letters” to their applications. applications will be screened and only the most qualified applicants will be selected for an interview.
how to apply

complete application packages (including your examination/employment application (std 678) and applicable or required documents) must be submitted to apply for this job posting.  application packages may be submitted electronically through your calcareer account at www.jobs.ca.gov.  when submitting your application in hard copy, a completed copy of the application package listing must be included.
  if you choose to not apply electronically, a hard copy application package may be submitted through an alternative method listed below:

address for mailing application packages
you may submit your application and any applicable or required documents to:




office of systems integration
attn: christina lacy - jc 91461
2495 natomas park drive, suite 655


sacramento,
                                    ca
95833






address for drop-off application packages
you may drop off your application and any applicable or required documents at:




christina lacy - jc 91461
2495 natomas park drive, suite 655


sacramento,
                                        ca
95833



08:00 am
                                        - 05:00 pm





required application documents

                    please submit the following items with your application.  
                    applicants who do not submit the required items timely may not be considered for this job:
                

state examination/employment application std form 678 (when not applying electronically), or the electronic state employment application through your applicant account at www.jobs.ca.gov. 
    all experience and education relating to the minimum qualifications listed on the classification specification should be included to demonstrate how you meet the minimum qualifications for the position.statement of qualifications - the statement of qualifications (soq) is a narrative discussion of how your education, training, experience, and skills meet the minimum and desirable qualifications and qualify you for the position. the soq serves as a documentation of your ability to present information clearly and concisely in writing. the statement should be typed, in a minimum of 12 point font, single spaced, on standard sized paper (8.5" x 11"), and no more than three pages in length. resumes and cover letters do not take place of the soq.resume is optional.  it may be included, but is not required.


applicants requiring reasonable accommodations for the hiring interview process must request the necessary accommodations if scheduled for a hiring interview.  the request should be made at the time of contact to schedule the interview.  questions regarding reasonable accommodations may be directed to the eeo contact listed on this job posting. 



desirable qualifications
in addition to evaluating each candidate's relative ability, as demonstrated by quality and breadth of experience, the following factors will provide the basis for competitively evaluating each candidate:
at least five years professional      writing experience, with at least one year of ui/ux writing experience.experience working with user      researchers, designers, engineers, and product managers.experience synthesizing user research      results.ability to help shape a product’s      voice and incorporate that into multiple communication contexts.experience creating language style      guides and helping teams adopt them.ability to manage and execute on multiple      projects and communicate well with team members.experience or familiarity working in      sprints using agile methodologies.


contact information

the human resources contact is available to answer questions regarding the position or application process.


human resources contact: 
christina lacy
(916) 263-3973
christina.lacy@osi.ca.gov



                        please direct requests for reasonable accommodations to the interview scheduler at the time the interview is being scheduled. 
                        you may direct any additional questions regarding reasonable accommodations or equal employment opportunity for this position(s) 
                        to the department's eeo office.
                    
eeo contact:
shauna pompei
(916) 263-0740
shauna.pompei@osi.ca.gov


california relay service: 1-800-735-2929 (tty), 1-800-735-2922 (voice)
tty is a telecommunications device for the deaf, and is reachable only from phones equipped with a tty device.






additional information
this position is designated as required to file a statement of economic interest (form 700) under the california health and human services agency conflict of interest code. the position is responsible for the making, participating in the making, or using his or her official position to influence the making of governmental decisions that may potentially have a material effect on his or her personal financial interests. the appointee is required to complete a form 700 within 30 days after his or her appointment. failure to comply with the conflict of interest code requirements may void the appointment.


equal opportunity employer
the state of california is an equal opportunity employer to all, regardless of age, ancestry, color, disability (mental and physical), exercising the right to family care and medical leave, gender, gender expression, gender identity, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, military or veteran status, national origin, political affiliation, race, religious creed, sex (includes pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding and related medical conditions), and sexual orientation.
it is an objective of the state of california to achieve a drug-free work place. any applicant for state employment will be expected to behave in accordance with this objective because the use of illegal drugs is inconsistent with the law of the state, the rules governing civil service, and the special trust placed in public servants.








  

                                    


                                    you can apply for this job via the following method(s):
                                

electronic (through your calcareer account)
by mail
drop-off










are you eligible for this job?










are you eligible for this job?



                                    if you do not currently have eligibility for this job, you may obtain eligibility by taking an examination.
                                









use your calcareer account



                                        manage your applications and update your information with ease through your calcareer account.  
                                        if you do not have a calcareer account, it is easy to create one. 
                                    












additional documentation



duty statement

                                    

                                
                                        class specification(s):
                            

senior information systems analyst (specialist)








alternate application process



                                    while we recommend that you utilize your calcareer account to take advantage of all the tools available, 
                        you may choose to apply for this job without using your account.  in this case, 
                        print and complete the job application package checklist and include it if you submit a hard copy application.
                                

job application package checklist


blank application form (std 678)



















back to top
conditions of use
privacy policy
accessibility
contact us
release history





.
            


facebook
twitter
youtube








                copyright ©
            
                state of california
            

                note: documents in portable document format (pdf) require adobe acrobat reader 5.0 
                    or higher to view download adobe acrobat reader.
            




 



loading














                error message
            

error



 error
                    


error






                                an error occurred during your request. please try again.
                            
















                            session timeout - inactivity
                        








                                    automatic log out in
                                


00:15




                                        select 'stay logged in' below to resume your activity.
                                    






log out now






















×

 














×



more information - job posting





close










footer







you must enable javascript to use this site.






