


    front end developer at iboss






























                    iboss.com
                

                    website
                    
















front end developer

san diego, california, united states
full-time





 
front end developer
iboss has created the first and only distributed gateway platform specifically designed to solve the challenge of securing distributed organizations. built for the cloud, iboss leverages an elastic, node-based architecture that provides advanced security for today’s decentralized organizations and scales to meet the ever-increasing bandwidth needs of tomorrow. the iboss distributed gateway platform is backed by more than 100 patents and protects over 4,000 organizations worldwide, making iboss one of the fastest growing cybersecurity companies in the world.
job description:
we are looking for a passionate front end developer, who is ready to work on the cutting edge of cyber security software solutions. this is an excellent opportunity to become a core member of a rapidly growing software development team. you’ll engineer solutions to challenging and meaningful problems, with the ultimate goal of expanding and enhancing the iboss security solutions suite. you will possess great programming skills, have a sound understanding of engineering best practices and have the drive to deliver the very best. additionally, you must have excellent communication skills, as you will be interfacing both with various departments internally and customers externally.
this position is not eligible for sponsorship of work visas.
responsibilities:

ability to design and develop clean, top-quality user interfaces using html5, css3 and javascript
adhere to established engineering and architectural patterns
work as part of a team to deliver solutions in an agile fashion
ability to break down complex product requirements, providing development estimates as needed.
deliver high quality code that has been thoroughly tested

required qualifications:

5+ years of experience web ui development using html5, css3 and javascript
 extensive experience using angularjs, bootstrap, nodejs, jquery (ember, knockoutjs)
passionate about creating responsive websites that adhere to a standard look and feel
experience developing uis that support full i18n
experience with css libraries, such as bootstrap, but also able to develop beautiful css from scratch
very comfortable working with rest and json
experience with build frameworks like grunt or gulp, bower, nodejs and test libraries, such as jasmine
team player with excellent interpersonal skills and the ability to work in a fast-paced environment
strong analytical capability, independent thinking and good decision making skills
must have a good sense of engineering tradeoffs, with an ability to understand the impact of software changes on extendibility, scalability, performance, and maintainability
demonstrate excellent oral and written communication skills with the ability to listen, articulate, facilitate and advocate

preferred qualifications:

in depth experience building single page applications with angular js
ability to identify and resolve performance problems in code
comfortable working on a unix environment
familiarity with databases, such as postgres
experience developing server side applications in java

benefits

health, vision, dental, chiropractic - open to domestic partners
401k with company match
paid time off (pto)
company paid holidays
optimistic, supportive, and fun work environment
fantastic quarterly company events
free snacks
onsite gym access

the duties and responsibilities described above are essential functions of the job.iboss, inc. is an eeo/aa/m/f/vet/disability employer
*this position is not eligible for sponsorship of work visas





apply for this opening





                                        apply with linkedin
                                    






                                    apply with indeed
                                


apply for this opening at 
                        http://iboss.recruiterbox.com/jobs/fk0m1cr?apply=true



 other openings at iboss
                                
see all the jobs at iboss here: 
                                    http://iboss.recruiterbox.com/jobs
                                






                        fetching your linkedin profile ...
                    



application form




                        apply with linkedin
                    





                        apply with indeed
                    






                        first name
                         *
                    




                        last name
                         *
                    




                        email
                         *
                    




                        phone
                         *
                    




                        address
                         *
                    





                        cover letter
                        
                    




                        resume 
                         *
                    




                        salary requirements
                        
                    




                        what days and hours are you available to work?
                        
                    




                        have you been referred by an iboss employee?  please write their first and last name.
                        
                    




                        linkedin profile
                        
                    




                        do you now, or in the future, require sponsorship for employment visa status?
                         *
                    




                        tell us what you know about iboss.
                         *
                    





                        what has been your greatest accomplishment?
                         *
                    





                        why do you think you're the best candidate? *
                         *
                    

















thanks for your time





apply for this opening



                    apply with linkedin
                



                    apply with indeed
                

share this opening with friends








 other openings at iboss
                    
see all the jobs at iboss here: 
                        http://iboss.recruiterbox.com/jobs
                    














powered by
recruiterbox















