


738243 security engineer medicaid data warehouse sacramento ca

















 skip to main content

 































my profile
my saved jobs
network with us








jobs


back
jobs
search jobs
my profile
my saved jobs
my saved searches



why work here


back
why work here
corporate fast facts
our affiliates
our locations
our businesses
top 7 reasons
rewards & benefits
mission and values
our work environment
awards and recognition
diversity
newsroom
meet our people



career areas


back
career areas
clinical
consulting
corporate services
customer service and claims
health care operations
project management
sales & marketing
technology



getting hired


back
getting hired
recruiter chat
career events
go social
our hiring process
digital video interviewing
transitioning military
resume advice
interview tips
frequently asked questions
unitedhealth group blog



college


back
college
student programs
frequently asked questions
college recruiting blog
career events
























improve the lives of others while doing your life's best work.sm

my saved searches (0) 


 



select a job field
all
account management
analytics
acct mgmt oh
actuarial
admin support services
aviation
behavioral
billing
business operations
claims
communications
customer services
enroll & empl contract install
executive leadership team
executive officers
external affairs
finance
government affairs
healthcare delivery
healthcare economics
human capital
information technology
international
legal
marketing and advertising
medical & clinical operations
network contract installation
network contracting & pricing
network management
nursing
optuminsight consulting
pharmaceutical research
pharmacy
product
project management
real estate services
regulatory & compliance
sales support
sales/direct selling
senior leadership team
sourcing & procurement
training
underwriting & pricing






united states
brazil
india
philippines
united kingdom
canada
ireland
australia





 







find all jobs near me

                            geolocation is not available
                        


















security engineer, data warehouse - sacramento, ca (738243)



apply
job saved
save job


 position description 
ready to raise your game by a quantum leap? at optum, part of the unitedhealth group family of businesses, we're focused on doing things that have not been done yet; helping improve lives in ways that were unthinkable until we thought of them. we've spent decades investing in the technology and information capabilities that help us bring new ideas to market faster. we've developed solutions that are practical today and scalable for tomorrow. and we've created collaborative teams dedicated to innovation across each of our businesses. now, we invite you to bring your knowledge of enterprise architecture and standards to assist in the development, communication and implementation of our evolving technology architecture.
 
to learn more about technology careers with unitedhealth group, please click here.
 
we are seeking a security engineer, data warehouse to join our team. as a security engineer you are involved in the day to day operational infrastructure engineering, server management, application management, security investigation and oversight and security planning. 
 
primary responsibilities:

responsible for coordinating, administering and supporting activities related data integrity, data access and confidentiality 
maintain awareness of current technology assets, and the applicability and capability of each 
understand and adhere to the enterprise architecture (ea) governance framework (e.g., principles, policies, standards, reference architectures, data-driven designs) 
seek opportunities for reuse of existing technology assets, and make appropriate recommendations 
maintain awareness of current business and industry issues/trends 
provide ad hoc consulting in applicable areas of expertise 
maintain regulatory compliance with hipaa, and applicable nist (national institute standards technology) 
responsible for vmware and managing and deploying complex virtual environments 
responsible for managing it projects including costing, scheduling, coordination of multiple teams from project inception through qa and uat to customer acceptance 
ability to analyze and troubleshoot user issues, server issues, security issues and network issues 
responsible for managing and maintaining firewall rules 
must be agile - the position requires a great deal of multitasking and the ability to make decisions in complex situations quickly 
responsible for enterprise size windows 2012 server network


required qualifications:

bs degree; computer science, computer engineering, electrical engineering and / or mis is preferred, or equivalent work experience 
5+ years of information security and technology management experience (experience and understanding of all security domains)  
8+ years of it experience (server / desktop hardware & software, networking, storage, disaster recovery, and backup / restore) 
broad-based working knowledge of networking, application, database, infrastructure and / or server administration 
must have working knowledge with one or more security management tools and applications, such as, qualys, logrhythm, symantec, barracuda, parity, tufin  
knowledge with multiple operating systems, such as, windows, linux, etc. 
experience in oral communication in a variety of situations such as interacting with the user community (e.g. state staff, vendors, and data center staff), making presentations, facilitating meetings and walkthroughs, and user training 
intermediate skill level with microsoft office suite of tools in facilitating written communication and communication with team members, stakeholders, end users 
ability to manage complex projects 
must have at least one (1) of the following certifications: global information assurance certificate such as giac information security professional, systems security certified practitioner, isaca certified information systems auditor, isc2 certified information systems security professional (cissp), or equivalent certificate
preferred qualifications:

experience with infrastructure architecture and design 
microsoft project experience 
ability to analyze system metrics to monitor and improve performance
optum is a diversified health services and innovation company where data, technology, people and action combine to make great things happen every day. join us. learn more about how you can start doing your life's best work.(sm)
 
 
 
diversity creates a healthier atmosphere: unitedhealth group is an equal employment opportunity/affirmative action employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, protected veteran status, disability status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by law.
 
 
unitedhealth group is a drug-free workplace. candidates are required to pass a drug test before beginning employment.
 
 
 
job keywords: it architect, sacramento ca, data warehouse, enterprise architecture, nist, electrical engineering, security, giac, information security professional, systems security certified practitioner, isaca certified information systems auditor, isc2 certified information systems security professional (cissp)




job details




contest number738243
job titlesecurity engineer, data warehouse - sacramento, ca
job familyinformation technology
business segmentoptuminsight



job location information

sacramento, caunited statesnorth america



additional job detail information

employee statusregular
schedulefull-time
job leveldirector
shiftday job
travelno
telecommuter positionno
overtime statusexempt











jobs


 view (0) saved jobs




email this job



email this job to






cancel
send




555-111-2222



 

text this job



text this job to

india
united states
philippines







message and data rates may apply.

cancel
send










similar jobs




santa ana, ca
oracle ebs performance analyst - santa ana, ca, carlsbad, ca and irvine, ca 727396


horsham, pa
senior data analyst - pa only telecommute 740535


franklin, tn
software engineer - franklin, tn 744905




























 





unitedhealth group home
about us
businesses
social responsibility
investors
newsroom
diversity & inclusion





















                choose your country
            



                            north america
                            
united states



                            asia pacific
                            
india
philippines



                            europe middle east and africa
                            
united kingdom
ireland



                            latin america
                            
brazil








            social responsibility & diversity
        











at unitedhealth group, we are committed to a powerful idea - that accessible,
    affordable and quality health care should be available to everyone.

visit the social responsibility website

we embrace and encourage a culture of diversity and inclusion. we know that valuing diversity makes good business sense and helps to ensure our future success.

learn more at our corporate diversity & inclusion web site
 






            fraudulent activity
        









we have received recent reports of fraudulent emails purporting to be sent from unitedhealth group, unitedhealthcare, or optum recruiting personnel. 
 
the fraudulent emails, which do not originate from any of unitedhealth group’s email domains, or those of any of its operating divisions, supposedly ask recipients to contact the sender to start the company’s hiring process by downloading software and/or requesting a fee. 
 
unitedhealth group will never request you download software or pay a fee of any sort to explore employment opportunities with our company.
if you wish to verify the legitimacy of any email purporting to have been sent by or on behalf of unitedhealth group recruiters,  please call 1-800-561-0861 between 7 a.m. and 7 p.m. ct, monday - friday, for assistance. you also may inquire via email to lifesbestwork@uhg.com. 




 


contact us  privacy policy  family & medical leave act  equal employment law poster  pay transparency  employee polygraph protection act  e-verify participation poster  ier right to work poster  report a problem  submit feedback
© 2017 unitedhealth group, all rights reserved.
unitedhealth group is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodations to individuals with physical and mental disabilities. if you need special assistance or accommodation for any part of the application process, or you encounter technical difficulties, please call 1-800-561-0861  between 7 a.m. and 7 p.m. ct, monday - friday, for assistance.
unitedhealth group is a registered service mark of unitedhealth group, inc. the unitedhealth group name with the dimensional logo, as well as the dimensional logo alone, are both service marks for the unitedhealth group, inc.
diversity creates a healthier atmosphere: all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, protected veteran status, disability status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by law.
unitedhealth group is a drug-free workplace. candidates are required to pass a drug test before beginning employment.
get adobe reader  get adobe flash player 

© 2015 unitedhealth group, todos os direitos reservados .
© 2015 unitedhealth group, todos os direitos reservados .





top
















