 









full stack developer #0031 job at motive interactive in san diego, ca, powered by jobscore















































your browser cookies must be enabled in order to apply for this job. please contact support@jobscore.com if you need further instruction on how to do that.












full stack developer
technology | san diego, ca | full time






job description


about motive interactive:
motive interactive was recently named #5 on the top 25 mobile ad networks in the world! motive is seeking creative, driven, and out-of-the box thinkers to join our growing team in san diego, ca.
motive has been recognized by numerous publications including inc. magazine as one of the fastest growing companies in the united states. motive is at the forefront of mobile app marketing and a proven leader in user acquisition. 
the full stack developer will be responsible for the analysis, development, and deployment of online systems and internet-facing promotional sites and applications.
the qualified full stack web developer candidate will possess a strong background in the full lamp stack, with lead capabilities over other developers in a team environment. the developer will have experience with workflows with numerous hops/limited latency. a strong candidate will have excellent front-end and graphic design skills. adtech is strongly preferred. 
developer responsibilities include, but are not limited to:

maintenance and management (end-to-end) of current saas based mobile ad solution that has multiple hops requiring limited latency
maintenance and management of internal operational applications and processes
application of systems development lifecycle, engineering best practices, and team development and leadership
ability to integrate with multiple restful apis
strong design skills for web front-end uis and marketing media kits

web developer required skills:

php
javascript
linux
mysql/postgresql
strong design and ui/ux skills (photoshop, illustrator, html/css)
agile software development processes

web developer preferred skills:

adtech strongly preferred
restful apis
bootstrap & responsive design
aws (amazon web services) administration and understanding (ec2, rds, s3)
mvc frameworks (codeigniter, phalcon php)

perks

company recognized for its amazing culture! ranked as one of san diego's best places to work. 
work in a fast-paced development environment where you will see the results of your work immediately 
casual relaxed atmosphere with a results- driven mentality
competitive base salary
health benefits: medical/dental/vision benefits
401k
profit from working with a team on the cutting edge of the mobile marketing and advertising industry. 
quickly expand your skills as an online marketing professional and build a valuable network in one of the fastest growing segments of advertising
complimentary massage therapy
awesome company events!

 
 

































‹
›






return to motive interactive


apply for this job










apply for this job


apply for this job


share










referral reward

500



not the right job?

join our talent network


location





return to motive interactive








powered by







applicant tracking


















