



paradigm information services - jobs: front end web developer (instant ink) for hp inc. - apply online

























all jobs
→
front end web developer (instant ink) for hp inc.

front end web developer (instant ink) for hp inc.
san diego, california, united states · hp inc. · hpi-san-web1-61

descriptionparadigm is looking for a front end web developer to support our client, hp inc. in order to be considered for this position, you must include a link to your online portfolio with your resume. as a front-end web developer at hp inc., you will participate in the creation of sophisticated digital experiences and must have an intermediate understanding of front-end web development. we are looking for team players who are passionate about and have experience building leading-edge user experiences, including dynamic consumer experiences. solid interaction design and graphic design background preferred. type: contract, on-site, 40hrs/wk duration: 6 months with possible extension location: san diego, ca (ranch bernardo area) pay rate: based on experience benefits: medical, dental, vision, life, 401k, ptorequirementsan ideal candidate will have: at least 2+ years’ experience working with front-end web development technologies commanding grasp of html, css, bootstrap, and cross-browser development strong knowledge of responsive web design experience with turning photoshop/pdf design mockups into prototypes and interactive wireframes familiarity with and adherence to web standards experience with developing large customer-facing websites knowledge of web debugging techniques, particularly related to mobile browsers commitment to continual improvement and best practice implementation the ability and passion to learn new technologies quickly knowledge and experience in graphic design for web or user experience more broadly, we seek someone who:  is eager to work in a fast-paced and dynamic environment has excellent verbal and written communication skills and able to interact professionally with a diverse group of people has strong oral and written english communication skills pays close attention to details and strives for perfection has a 4 year degree in design, multimedia, or related field commanding grasp of javascript, jquery, react is experienced with content management systems understands code design principles and common patterns is experienced in agile development, jira, and writing user stories   benefitsparadigm offers medical, dental, vision, life, 401k, and pto.about us, paradigmwant to love mondays? it's possible when you love what you do. paradigm is a san diego staffing agency dedicated to finding the perfect job for candidates. we're connected with some of the most innovative tech companies around, giving our employees that competitive edge needed in today's job market.we are proud to offer a work environment free of harassment and discrimination. we value diversity and promote respect in the work place.  we are an equal opportunity employer.about our client, hp inc.please visit www.hp.com to learn more about our client.--no agents, please.

apply for this job












paradigm information services
does not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color, religion, age, national origin, marital status, disability, veteran status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity or any other reason prohibited by law in provision of employment opportunities and benefits.

paradigm information services website

powered by
workable





