
full stack web developer job - fuse integration - san diego, ca | indeed.com






















skip to job description, searchclose









find jobscompany reviewsfind salariesfind resumesemployers / post job







upload your resume


sign in







:







what
where





advanced job search


 

 



 



job title, keywords or company


city, state, or zip












full stack web developer

fuse integration
     -
san diego, ca


fuse is looking for an experienced software engineer with a familiarity with languages such as javascript, html, and css. this is an opportunity to join our energetic and team-focused engineering team in developing innovative hardware/software solutions from initial prototype to final production. this role will design and implement web software solutions.ideal candidates will have experience with node.js and javascript with a b.s. in an engineering field (computer, software, math, physics, electrical, etc.) and a wide range of hands-on experience developing and implementing technical projects from software/web applications to enterprise-level solutions. supported development efforts can include front end design, database design, access control management, gui development, writing test scripts, and system analysis and functional testing,. experience in agile, professional sw development environments utilizing revision control, test driven development, and continuous integration is desired. we expect this software engineer to bring big ideas and energy to the team. must be a nimble self-starter who is excited about technology and web applications and has the ability to think out of the box and suggest powerful novel ideas.duties and responsibilities:develop software and the artifacts associated with software developmentimplement high level designs in robust, maintainable softwarecreate modules, install software on target nodes, and deploy configuration filesdesign and develop real-time data applications (such as dashboard visualization, report generation and data review applications)design and develop data polling / data pushing architecturesdevelop testing scripssupport functional and system level testingsupport network design and configurationdesign and develop client-side / server-side / database integrationuse fuse cm system software infrastructure (git, trac, jenkins, peer reviews)work closely with the operational project management team to maintain successful development sprints and stay on scheduleplease elaborate on your level of experience with the following competencies:required: 3-5 years of experience in web software development, knowledge of open source technologies and protocols. bachelor’s degree in computer science or related field. programming experience with javascript and node.js.highly desired: css, html, jquery, mvc architecture, single page web application (spa), websockets, sql, rest apis. responsive web design, . less/sass, handlebars, and templating frameworks (e.g. ember, react, angular), linux, and security clearance.about fuse:fuse integration is a small business located in san diego working with department of defense, security, first-responder, and energy industries. fuse provides network and software engineering solutions based on user-focused design and development. we are a dynamic, rapidly growing business with an exciting environment and a collaborative team mindset.please respond with resume and cover letter. thank you.must be able to work locally in san diego.u.s. citizenship is a requirement.active secret clearance or the ability to obtain secret clearance is a requirement.job type: full-timejob type: full-timerequired education:bachelor'srequired experience:web development: 3 yearsrequired licenses or certifications:active secret clearanceu.s. citzen

16 days ago   -  save job









» apply now

            please review all application instructions before applying to fuse integration.






other jobs you may like


full stack developer

sayva solutions -
					poway, ca
1 day ago


sr. full stack engineer (.net, ios)

sayva solutions -
					carlsbad, ca
2 days ago


full stack software engineer

viasat -
					san diego, ca
29 days ago


full stack developer

motive interactive -
					san diego, ca
3 days ago

 easily apply



full stack software developer

pins advantage -
					san diego, ca
25 days ago

 easily apply






 









                        fuse integration


                developing solutions that meet and exceed user requirements in the field, fuse applies the best practices of innovative design-thinking and...



let employers find youthousands of employers search for candidates on indeedupload your resume










about - help center


©2017 indeed - cookies, privacy and terms



let employers find you  upload your resume









indeed salary estimatewe know salary is a key component of your decision whether or not to apply for a job. so when the hiring company hasn’t provided a salary for a job, we look at salary data from related companies and locations to come up with a reasonable estimate for what you can expect.with over 450,000,000 salaries collected from other jobs and employees, we use one of the biggest salary databases in the world to inform these estimates. and because we are continually adding feedback from users like you, we are able to keep refining our accuracy.these salary estimates are not endorsed by the hiring companies and may vary from what’s actually offered, but we have a pretty great record of getting close enough for you to make an informed decision.is this your job listing? send us feedback to correct an inaccurate salary estimate.

