


american specialty health - job description














for information about any upcoming ash events, click 
        here
      !












our company




history & growth


management team


accreditations & awards




solutions and services




musculoskeletal provider networks


fitness and exercise services


health management




careers




job postings


corporate culture & benefits


locations


events




media center




ash in the news


news releases


media contacts




resources




white papers











toggle navigation
                    menu
                







careers>
                        job postings>
                        software engineering intern
                    



software engineering intern
american specialty health, inc. is seeking software engineering interns to join our growing organization. we are looking for creative and analytical problem-solvers to join one our growing information technology teams and help us continue to improve our products and processes so that our members and customers can reach their goals. as a company that heavily relies on cutting-edge it operations to serve its members, ash is seeking ambitious individuals with a strong team mentality and a genuine passion for software engineering.  join a company where programming design and quality is expected, appreciated, and nurtured.
you are invited to learn more about american specialty health's events on our  events page.
responsibilities

work as part of a team of developers
contribute to enterprise-level web programming projects
the depth and breadth of the projects will depend on intern’s experience and knowledge

what you can expect to learn:

how to build and design enterprise level applications.
c#, vb.net, asp.net, ajax, and jquery.
ms sql 2008 including stored procedures and table design.
mvc, html5.0, css 3, mobile jquery, and mobile websites.

qualifications

intern must be pursuing a bachelor or master’s degree in computer science.  high school diploma required.
experience with object-oriented programming in an academic, hobbyist, or commercial environment required
experience with web development programming in a client/server setup required
experience with relational database design, writing queries and stored procedures with mysql or microsoft sql required


view full description

core competencies 

demonstrated ability to interact in a positive, respectful manner and establish and maintain cooperative working relationships.
ability to display excellent customer service to meet the needs and expectations of both internal and external customers.
excellent listening and interpersonal communication skills to identify critical core competencies based on success factors and organizational environment.
ability to effectively organize, prioritize, multi-task and manage time.
demonstrated accuracy and productivity in a changing environment with constant interruptions.
demonstrated ability to analyze information, problems, issues, situations and procedures to develop effective solutions.
ability to exercise strict confidentiality in all matters.

mobility
primarily sedentary, able to sit for long periods of time.
physical requirements
ability to speak clearly, see, and hear other personnel and/or objects.  physically capable to stand, sit, kneel, crouch, and climb.  capable of using hand tools and manipulation of small parts.  frequently lifting equipment up to 40 lbs.
environmental conditions
normal office setting, minor noise, frequent interruptions. occasional dust accumulation around and in equipment.
american specialty health is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer.
all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex including sexual orientation and gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state, or local law.
please view equal employment opportunity posters provided by ofccp  here.
if you are a qualified individual with a disability or a disabled veteran, you have the right to request an accommodation if you are unable or limited in your ability to use or access our career center as a result of your disability. to request an accommodation, contact our human resources department at (800) 848-3555 x6702.
ash will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. however, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the company’s legal duty to furnish information.



 




apply now





                                req#17-0825                                                   
                                posted 12/11/2017
                                full time
san diego, ca

view all open positions


share

















search jobs













share email







url



your name

your email

your friend’s email

message
i thought you might be interested in this job at american specialty health.




send email










 american specialty health logo
12800 n. meridian st.
                                    carmel, in 46032
                                    general inquiries: (800) 848-3555
                                    sales inquiries: (855) 328-2746
                                    fax: (619) 237-3859
                                
contact us


site details

terms and conditions
privacy statement
sitemap



stay up-to-date
subscribe to our rss feed or follow us on social media to get our latest news releases and ash in the news headlines.


connect




















                                © 2017 american specialty health incorporated. all rights reserved.
                            







