


american specialty health - job description














for information about any upcoming ash events, click 
        here
      !












our company




history & growth


management team


accreditations & awards




solutions and services




musculoskeletal provider networks


fitness and exercise services


health management




careers




job postings


corporate culture & benefits


locations


events




media center




ash in the news


news releases


media contacts




resources




white papers











toggle navigation
                    menu
                







careers>
                        job postings>
                        associate front end engineer
                    



associate front end engineer
american specialty health, inc. is seeking a passionate and analytical individual looking to contribute his/her skills and leadership to the front end engineering team.  the associate front end engineer is responsible for creating single page apps, while working closely with, and providing support to, front end developers, software (api) engineers, designers, and product owners. they will work alongside a senior front end engineer or front end engineer, who will help mentor and guide them in their role.
you are invited to learn more about american specialty health's events on our  events page. 
responsibilities

develop mobile-first, single page apps using ember.js for use on various devices and in various environments.
provide support to the rest of the web development team by converting mockups and wireframes into clean, easy to maintain, and reusable components (using ember.js).
maintain and write new javascript and legacy plugins.
validate / test for 508 compliancy and cross-browser/platform/device compatibility.
lint/evaluate and test all javascript
write clean, maintainable, and reusable code that adheres to code standards (check them out at https://github.com/ashdevelopment/standards)
assist with discovery and diagnoses of bugs in the development environment
participate in front end and scrum team meetings
maintains code libraries and documents technical specs
research solutions
participate in code standards and code reviews

qualifications

experience building websites that adhere to web standards and mobile first or responsive layouts
experience writing clean, reusable, optimized, html, css, and javascript
experience with ember, react, vue, angular, etc. is a plus
bachelor’s degree in human-computer interaction, computer science, or a related degree (or equivalent experience).  high school diploma required.


view full description

core competencies 

demonstrated ability to interact in a positive, respectful manner and establish and maintain cooperative working relationships.
ability to display excellent customer service to meet the needs and expectations of both internal and external customers.
excellent listening and interpersonal communication skills to identify critical core competencies based on success factors and organizational environment.
ability to effectively organize, prioritize, multi-task and manage time.
demonstrated accuracy and productivity in a changing environment with constant interruptions.
demonstrated ability to analyze information, problems, issues, situations and procedures to develop effective solutions.
ability to exercise strict confidentiality in all matters.

mobility
primarily sedentary, able to sit for long periods of time. 
physical requirements
ability to speak, see and hear other personnel and/or objects.  ability to communicate both in verbal and written form. ability to travel within the facility. capable of using a telephone and computer keyboard.  ability to lift up to 10 lbs.
environmental conditions
usual office setting.
american specialty health is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer.
all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex including sexual orientation and gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state, or local law. 
please view equal employment opportunity posters provided by ofccp here.
if you are a qualified individual with a disability or a disabled veteran, you have the right to request an accommodation if you are unable or limited in your ability to use or access our career center as a result of your disability. to request an accommodation, contact our human resources department at (800) 848-3555 x6702.
ash will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. however, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the company’s legal duty to furnish information.



 




apply now





                                req#17-0822                                                   
                                posted 11/07/2017
                                full time
san diego, ca

view all open positions


share

















search jobs













share email







url



your name

your email

your friend’s email

message
i thought you might be interested in this job at american specialty health.




send email










 american specialty health logo
12800 n. meridian st.
                                    carmel, in 46032
                                    general inquiries: (800) 848-3555
                                    sales inquiries: (855) 328-2746
                                    fax: (619) 237-3859
                                
contact us


site details

terms and conditions
privacy statement
sitemap



stay up-to-date
subscribe to our rss feed or follow us on social media to get our latest news releases and ash in the news headlines.


connect




















                                © 2017 american specialty health incorporated. all rights reserved.
                            







