



servicenow careers - ui developer - platform-as-a-service



























 

















                ui developer - platform-as-a-service | 5510                                              

    
    

                            engineering, infrastructure and operations            
                    san diego,
                            california
                
                        



        apply
    


description

ui developer - platform-as-a-servicesan diego, ca, usaservicenow is changing the way people work. with a service-orientation toward the activities, tasks and processes that make up day-to-day work life, we help the modern enterprise operate faster and be more scalable than ever before. we’re disruptive. we work hard but try not to take ourselves too seriously. we are highly adaptable and constantly evolving. we are passionate about our product, and we live for our customers. we have high expectations and a career at servicenow means challenging yourself to always be better.sitting in the center of our development environment, the cloud platform development group is building the technology that is the driving force for all applications built by servicenow and our enterprise it customers. we are building the cloud platform that hundreds of companies such as cern, enterprise rent-a-car, equinix, harrods, juniper networks, kimberly-clark, rei, sephora and staples depend on every day to accelerate their company forward.within the platform development group, the platform-as-a-service team's primary customer is the developer of complex applications written on our platform. we continuously improve the experience of the it professionals and isv developers, and work on many aspects of the platform as we ensure their success. supporting our customer involves a fun and challenging mix of ui and back-end programming challenges. we have offices in san diego, san francisco and santa clara and work as a distributed team. what you get to do in this role:servicenow's platform-as-a-service team is seeking a passionate ui developer to join our rapidly growing team. we need someone who can build highly interactive web-based application uis that can scale with application complexity. as a ui developer, you will be a key member of a strong team of developers working in an exciting environment with innovative technology. your responsibilities will include the following:produce high quality code on aggressive deadlinesdesign & implement comprehensive ui/ux solutions by understanding customer problems, product goals and technical requirementscollaborate with design teams to deliver engaging and consistent user interfacesparticipate in all technical aspects of team deliverables, including quality, performance, maintainability, and scalabilitycommunicate technical decisions (architecture and design) to business and engineeringin order to be successful in this role, we need someone who has:passion for software development and problem solvinghigh energy and an aptitude for learning new technologies2+ years of experience in designing & implementing highly interactive user interfaces for high volume web applicationsexceptional javascript programming skillsexperience working with javascript libraries such as angularjs, bootstrap, node.js, jquery, prototypedeep knowledge of ajax, json, html, xml, css, rest and associated frameworksknowledge of web user interface unit testing, profiling, and code tuningexceptional debugging, testing, and problem solving skillsself-starter with a quick learning curvestrong written and verbal communicationexperience with open source technologies like linux, apache/tomcat and mysqlbachelor’s/master's degree in computer science or a related disciplinedesirable skills:knowledge of javaknowledge of server-side javascriptknowledge of web application servers and databasesexperience with git and jenkinsexperience working in an agile or incremental mannerwe provide competitive compensation, generous benefits and a professional atmosphere. this is a very collaborative and inclusive work environment where individuals strong on aptitude and attitude will have an opportunity to grow their professional careers through working with some of the most advanced technology and talented developers in the business.
servicenow is an equal employment opportunity employer. all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, national origin, age, disability, gender identity, or veteran status.   if you are an individual with a disability and require a reasonable accommodation to complete any part of the application process, or are limited in the ability or unable to access or use this online application process and need an alternative method for applying, you may contact us at (408) 501-8550, or staffing@servicenow.com for assistance.



        apply
    

        apply later    


            ← back to current openings        




share





linkedin




facebook




twitter




email






similar jobs





                                    {{ job.title }}
                                












powered by jobvite











