


search for jobs -web designer

















































please enable cookies to continue
please enable cookies in your browser to experience all the personalized features of this site, including the ability to apply for a job.







welcome page







returning candidate?

log back in!












web designer


location

us-ca-san diego





job id

2017-45909


# of openings remaining

1


category

engineering


residency status

u.s. citizenship required


clearance

secret


employee type

regular


time type

full time









overview






vencore is a proven provider of information solutions, engineering and analytics for the u.s. government. with more than 40 years of experience working in the defense, civilian and intelligence communities, vencore designs, develops and delivers high impact, mission-critical services and solutions to overcome its customers most complex problems. headquartered in chantilly, virginia, vencore employs 3,800 engineers, analysts, it specialists and other professionals who strive to be the best at everything they do. vencore is an aa/eeo employer - minorities/women/veterans/disabled








responsibilities






carry user interface design projects through the design and development cycledevelop browser based application using html 5, asp.net, and javascript frameworksdesign ui html mockup based on business requirementswork with ux lead to develop consistent and high-quality look/feel/function pages.work with web-server architect and developers to integrate pages into applicationwork with technology and business teams within an agile/scrum environmenttake responsibility for refining and implementing functional/technical requirements including scoping, detailed design, effort estimation, coding, review and unit testingtake responsibility for delivering quality software, within agreed timescales, to the highest quality








qualifications






experience and education required: bachelor’s degree in computer science or related field or equivalent combination experience and education2 years hands-on development creating rich user interfaces with browser-based technologiesproficiency using javascript/jquery, json, ajax, html5, css3/less/sass requiredproficiency with angularjs desiredgood problem solving and analytical skillsexcellent oral and written communication and presentation skills.experience with collaborative on- and off-shore development teams desiredability to retain and protect confidential materialnegative pre-employment drug and background tests





options

apply for this job onlineapplysharesubmit employee referralrefer


sorry the share function is not working properly at this moment. please refresh the page and try again later.

share on your newsfeed




create your talent network profile




not ready to apply? connect with us for general consideration.







share
|








vencore is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer

application faqssoftware powered by icimswww.icims.com









