
jr. web developer - wordpress job - aesthetic brand marketing - carlsbad, ca | indeed.com






















skip to job description, searchclose









find jobscompany reviewsfind salariesfind resumesemployers / post job







upload your resume


sign in







:







what
where





advanced job search


 

 



 



job title, keywords or company


city, state, or zip












jr. web developer - wordpress

aesthetic brand marketing
     -
carlsbad, ca


this is a full time position that will work in our office in carlsbad, ca. no remote work is being considered at this time.abm is a digital marketing agency focused exclusively on the elective healthcare market. our clients are primarily small to medium sized businesses, located all across the united states. at abm, we love to have a good time but at the same time, deliver amazing results for our clients. we are a fun and high-energy office crowd with an all- around easy-going working environment with a pool table to blow off some steam. "work hard, play hard" is our un-official motto; our employees love to come to work, love to learn, and love to succeed. when our clients are happy, we are happy!we offer health, dental, paid time off and several other 'perks' for true rock stars.job position: jr. website developerwe have an immediate opening for another jr. wordpress & php developer to join our dev team that builds and maintains client websites. the ideal candidate has a strong analytical sense and attention to detail, as well as a strong work ethic. he or she should be organized and able to follow directions, problem-solve, and work in a fun team environment. we have an enterprise work flow process and you'll need to be able to keep up!responsibilities:take designs from designer and slice and turn to htmltake html and create custom wordpress themeimprove site speedhandling multiple projects at one timecollaborate with the existing developers on project scope and design approach stay organized with our project management systemrequirements:proficiency in lamp architecture3+ years of recent php application development experiencehtml, css, json, ajax and javascript skillsmust be proficient with mysql databasesexperience with laravel or similar php frameworksexperience with git, linux, grunt and apachemust be very detail oriented and creativemust have code management experience with git at the command linebonus qualifications:amazon web services configuration experienceprevious work with apiswordpress plugin development experiencejob type: full-time

7 days ago   -  save job









» apply now

            please review all application instructions before applying to aesthetic brand marketing.






other jobs you may like


web application developer

cybersight -
					carlsbad, ca
12 days ago

 easily apply



web developer

novelty media -
					la jolla, ca
7 days ago

 easily apply



responsive web developer

cuker -
					solana beach, ca
30+ days ago


web developer

breg -
					carlsbad, ca
30+ days ago


web developer: front-end

greenrubino -
					seattle, wa
5 days ago

 easily apply






 





let employers find youthousands of employers search for candidates on indeedupload your resume










about - help center


©2017 indeed - cookies, privacy and terms



let employers find you  upload your resume










