





		front end web developer
	






























































































 









 









 


 




privacy policy












job openings


front end web developer
technology – pittsburgh, pennsylvania


apply for this job




department
technology


employment type
full time


minimum experience
mid-level












the candidate is responsible for writing web applications using html, css, and javascript in order to comply with project requirements, both internally and customer-facing. the web applications are written using frameworks standardized for team development, and as such, conventions must be followed. also, the candidate must be competent enough to communicate with the rest of the team or with partners to explain application functionality or to do troubleshooting if there are application issues.
work/education experience:
college degree (2 or 4 year course) with 1 to 2 years professional experience, or 4 years or more professional work experience
expectations/skills:

writing web applications using html, css and javascript
writing web applications using node.js, npm, bower and sass
writing web applications using angular 1.x
learning to use webpack and es6 for writing web applications
using git, svn, or similar technologies for code repository and history tracking
having light to moderate knowledge of photoshop tools
familiar with the software development life cycle
providing good documentation in the form of code comments, readmes and commit messages
having good communication skills to discuss application functionality with either internal or customer resource
working independently and as part of a team









apply for this job


























apply for this position




*required



first name





last name







email







phone









resume





no file selected











				linkedin profile url









residential city: 







github or portfolio url: 







what programming language frameworks have you used before? 







how do you test your application? 







on a scale of 1 - 10, 10 being very proficient, how would you rate your expertise in: version control (git, svn, etc.)? 







on a scale of 1 - 10, 10 being very proficient, how would you rate your expertise in: package managers (npm, bower, etc.)?







on a scale of 1 - 10, 10 being very proficient, how would you rate your expertise in: server side scripting (php, python, java, etc.)?







on a scale of 1 - 10, 10 being very proficient, how would you rate your expertise in: working with third-party services (apis, sdks, etc.)?







on a scale of 1 - 10, 10 being very proficient, how would you rate your expertise in: application design (wireframes, prototypes, photoshop, etc.)?







on a scale of 1 - 10, 10 being very proficient, how would you rate your expertise in: data structures and algorithms?







on a scale of 1 - 10, 10 being very proficient, how would you rate your expertise in: documentation?







on a scale of 1 - 10, 10 being very proficient, how would you rate your expertise in: working with teams?







on a scale of 1 - 10, 10 being very proficient, how would you rate your expertise in: working independently on a project?







on a scale of 1 - 10, 10 being very proficient, how would you rate your expertise in: verbal and written communication skills?







are you working with a staffing agency/recruiting company? if so, please list the company name here: 







*********required********* here's the fun part! first, watch this video: https://vimeo.com/239153627/ccc32ca469 second: record a quick video (under 3-min) of yourself explaining the three reasons why you are awesome and why you want this position. don’t let this intimidate you. just grab your phone, hit the video record button and point it at yourself while you answer the question. then upload it to youtube or vimeo and copy the link here: (be sure to change the privacy settings to public view or send set an access password and submit the password with your link!)









your answers to the following four questions are entirely optional.?

this information will not be used as selection criteria. if you'd rather not share this information, feel free to select "decline to answer".





gender



decline to answer
male
female






ethnicity



decline to answer
american indian or alaska native
asian
black or african american
hispanic or latino
native hawaiian or other pacific islander
two or more races
white






veteran status


decline to answer
not a veteran
active duty wartime or campaign badge veteran
armed forces service medal veteran
disabled veteran
recently separated veteran






disability



decline to answer
no, i don't have a disability
yes, i have a disability (or previously had a disability)











submit application










thank you
your application was submitted successfully.








apply for this job



link to this job










 









 









 








location
pittsburgh, pennsylvania


department
technology


employment type
full time


minimum experience
mid-level


		powered by
		





 






privacy policy


			powered by
			











