


front end web developer - alphaprotemps, a.p.r., inc.



















 
 























☰


home
about us
our team
services
jobs
employers
connect
blog
















openings >> front end web developerfront end web developersummarytitle:front end web developerid:tf-001396-sklabor type:contractposting #:tf-001396-sklocation:pittsburgh, pacompensation:n/amore about this job >descriptionimmediate need for a front end web developer
duration: 6 months +
 
key responsibilities:

builds and develops website marketing landing pages and emails; including page layout and strategic input to support multiple business units.
produce html emails from design comps, ensuring exceptionally high quality.
ensure responsive rendering consistency of email campaigns across multiple email clients and browsers.
create optimized html5/css3 web pages from design comps.
experience debugging cross-browser/cross-platform and email client compatibility issues.
update site content via cms systems like adobe cq5 and aem.
work effectively and efficiently with the digital designers, copywriters, project managers, and content specialists.
develop and ideate new user-facing features and functionality.
build reusable code and libraries for future use.
ensure the technical feasibility of digital creative, ui, and ux designs.
optimize applications for maximum speed and scalability.
collaborate with other departments and stakeholders.
work closely with the marketing services team to develop, iterate, debug and maintain front-end of web applications based on functional requirements and scope of work.
focus on quality and continuous improvement to application and processes.
participate in digital production deployment and provide assistance to when needed.
maintain extremely high development and production standards, as well as the ability to work under pressure and tight deadlines.

 
qualifications:

2 years front-end development experience in a corporation setting, retail company, and/or digital agency.
bachelor's degree in computer science or similar degree and equivalent work experience.
expert level experience with html5, css3, client-side javascript, xml, and other front-end ui web technologies.
solid knowledge of adobe creative cloud knowledge and experience with json, xml and additional javascript/css frameworks such as angular js, bootstrap, and less.
must have expert experience in web and ui development.
should be able to demonstrate common principles of web usability and functionality.
experience working in eloqua or similar tool for email & landing page development.
experience with modern browser and email client technologies.
experience building and debugging complex systems in a team environment.
strong communication skills, a positive attitude, and empathy.
self-awareness and a desire to improve your skills and constantly learn and teach those around you.
able to work effectively and professionally as part of a busy central team while interacting with, and influencing, virtual teams, internal cross-functional/divisional teams and outside entities.
ability to solve complex or routine problems effectively and react with appropriate urgency to situations and events that require quick response or turnaround.
ability to make good, timely decisions in a fast-paced, time-constrained environment.
familiarity with agile and lean processes.
demonstrate excellent prioritization and organizational skills and attention to detail.
ability to exercise judgment, problem solve and drive projects forward.
knows and champions web and email best practices.

  apply now     refer to a friend  










					copyright 2017 alphaprotemps, a.p.r., inc.. all rights reserved. powered by applicantstack™ hiring software






