


        wordpress developer -        expedient -         job board
    

























 






view our website



view all jobs















expedient is a cloud and data center infrastructure as a service (iaas) provider with local operations in baltimore, md; boston, ma; cleveland, oh; columbus, oh; indianapolis, in; memphis, tn and pittsburgh, pa. converged solutions enable expedient clients to focus on strategic business innovation, while a talented team of experts handles operating the information technology needed to support it. learn more about us at expedient.com/careers.     



wordpress developer


pittsburgh, pa                    

full time                

development team                    

experienced                


















expedient is a provider of cloud and data center infrastructure as a service (iaas) solutions with local operations in baltimore, md; boston, ma; cleveland, oh; columbus, oh; indianapolis, in; memphis, tn and pittsburgh, pa. our technical solutions enable expedient clients to focus on their own strategic business innovation, while our team handles the information technology needed to support it.  
as a result of continued growth, we have an immediate need for a wordpress developer to join our team in pittsburgh, pa and to collaborate with various cross-functional teams to support expedient’s marketing and sales initiatives.
principals only. recruiters, please do not contact this job poster.
sponsorship is not provided for this role. 
responsibilities

partner with the members of the expedient marketing team to develop and analyze marketing project requirements to maintain and update the wordpress website and other digital initiatives
work with the development team to standardize and enhance the uis of internal and customer-facing web applications as well as to design and build uis, landing pages, wordpress themes and wordpress plugins
partner with members of cross-functional teams to design and build uis, landing pages and wordpress websites to support marketing & sales initiatives

requirements

no less than two years of professional, on-the-job experience building web interfaces for large-scale wordpress websites
ability to provide a portfolio of previous work  
ability to provide a well-written cover letter that explains, specifically, the skills you bring to this position that align with the job needs
passion for building beautiful, responsive, standards-compliant web sites
experience using design tools such as sketch and/or adobe cc
demonstrated sense of excellent visual and code design
demonstrated expertise with semantic html and css
experience building adaptive and responsive webpages
experience with javascript and php
experience building and extending large-scale custom wordpress websites
strong organizational, communication and interpersonal skills
outstanding troubleshooting/problem-solving abilities
ability to clearly document implemented solutions
demonstrated success in working with both a team and working independently
agile software development
experience using git and github for collaborative development
must be able to pass a pre-employment drug screen and background screen

benefits to working for expedient we place an extremely high value on learning and staying agile in the technology arena. therefore we make education and training available to all employees through a very robust training and tuition reimbursement program. additional benefits include 3 weeks of paid time off, top-tier, extremely affordable medical, dental, vision insurance, 401(k) with a generous match and a paid day off to celebrate your birthday each year. expedient is committed to providing its employees with an environment that promotes collaboration with both team and individual success. expedient employees wear what they want to work and we stock our kitchens with free snacks and beverages for our employees. 
to apply please submit your resume and a cover letter explaining your interest.  
if this isn’t the job for you perhaps you have a friend who would be a perfect fit! please share the following link so they can view/apply for this or any of our other current job opportunities: expedient.com/careers.
expedient is an equal opportunity employer, providing a safe, drug-free work environment. qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to their race, color, religion, national origin, sex, protected veteran status, disability, or any other characteristic protected by law.

read more



apply for position








            apply for this position        
required*





apply with indeed









first name*



last name*



email address*



address
















phone*



resume*

attach resume
                    or
                    paste resume



                        attach resume as .pdf, .doc, or .docx (limit 2mb) or
                        paste resume


 




                            paste your resume here or
                            attach resume file









cover letter*



in 150 characters or fewer, tell us what makes you unique. try to be creative and say something that will catch our eye!*

150


expedient is an equal employment opportunity employer and does not discriminate against qualified applicants on the basis of race, color, religion, national origin, sex, age, disability or any other protected status.

i understand that if hired by expedient, i will be required to present proof of identity and employment eligibility as a condition of employment.

i understand that this application will be considered active for a period not to exceed six months. 

i also understand that expedient requires a pre-employment drug screen as a condition of employment. the company prohibits the workplace use or possession of illegal drugs or alcohol or reporting to work under the influence of illegal drugs or alcohol. the company also prohibits the misuse of prescribed drugs. i understand that expedient requires a criminal background check as an additional condition of employment.

i understand that expedient is a smoke-free work environment.

i hereby authorize the company to investigate references and other information presented herein, and i hereby authorize my previous employer or educational institution to verify and release any information requested in order to process my application for employment. i release from liability expedient and its representatives for seeking such information and all other persons or corporations or organizations for furnishing such information.

i understand that if hired, my employment with the company will be for an indefinite duration and will be terminable at will; just as i am free to resign at any time, expedient reserves the right to terminate my employment at any time, with or without cause, and with or without notice.

i certify that the information set forth in this application are true and complete. i understand that false statements or omissions may result in my disqualification as an applicant or termination if i'm employed.*
i agree to the above statements and submit my application for consideration. 

please provide some idea of your desired annual salary - please provide us a numerical response or your application will not be accepted. your application will not be eliminated based on your response.  provide information based on your own experience, your understanding of the job market and/or industry or what you feel the position warrants.  please do not write in "any" or "negotiable" in this field.

note: please do not use any characters other than numerical digits, including, but not limited to: dollar sign ($), comma (,) and period (.). if you do this inadvertently, our form will require that you re-attach your resume. we apologize for the inconvenience.*
 

if a current employee referred you to apply for this position, please provide their name for our records.
 

have you ever worked here or been employed by another landmark media enterprises' company?*
-- no answer --yesno 

if yes, when, where and in what position (include freelance work, independent contracting or consulting work)?
 

do you now, or will you in the future, need sponsorship from an employer in order to obtain, extend or renew your authorization to work in the united states?*
-- no answer --yesno 

are you related to anyone employed here or at another landmark media company?*
-- no answer --yesno 

if yes, give name and relationship:
 

list any educational instruction, past and present, including business or trade school, technical or vocational training, correspondence or evening courses that may not be listed on your attached resume.
 

use this space for additional information you feel may be helpful in considering your application, such as your interest in this company and any special experiences, skills or qualifications.
 

may we contact the employers listed on your resume?*
-- no answer --yesno 

if no, which do you prefer we not contact (leave blank if not applicable)?
 

have you ever been convicted of a felony? an affirmative answer to this question does not necessarily disqualify your candidacy.*
-- no answer --yesno 

do you currently have a non-compete/non-disclosure agreement with your existing or former employer?*
 

human check*











submit application














×close
forward this position





recipient email address (one)



your name



your email address



enter a message (optional)
the message cannot contain links




human check*




















powered by















