



software engineer - cloud / sdk















































honeywell careers





chinese (simplified)
czech (czech republic)
dutch (the netherlands)
english (us)
french (canada)
french (france)
german (germany)
portuguese (brazil)
spanish (spain)
create a profile|log in







 











yes
no


















show details













apply now

terms of use





                    refer job:
                        









 add to saved jobs






back




software engineer - cloud / sdk
innovate to solve the world's most important challenges
honeywell is a leading software industrial business, harnessing the power of cloud, mobile, data & analytics, iot and design thinking. with the addition of our state-of-the-art software and innovation center in midtown atlanta, we will incubate, deploy and scale breakthrough offerings that will impact the lives of those around us and the world. there is no better time to join our team, showcase your skills and play a key part in advancing our offerings, market presence and culture. some of your responsibilities will include:  • understanding why application logging and metrics are important and believing and championing them as a first class component of development. • designing, developing, testing, releasing and operating features / functions delivered via platform components and / or services that are highly scalable, available, reliable and resilient.• review functional and technical requirements, raising potential issues and participating actively in design discussions• collaborating with customers and product marketing / management teams to identify opportunities that can be exploited through great software services• working as a member of a design, build and test agile team continuously releasing new updates• mentoring people whether or not they are on your team  *this position is eligible for the student loan pay down benefit.



50
requirements and design


50
software architecture and coding















you must have
8+ years of progressive experience as a professional software engineer delivering world class software products and services using object oriented analysis, design and programming techniques.
3+ years of experience creating web services that can run in a high availability cloud environment that can easily be monitored
3+ years of experience creating web services and developing cloud enabled applications with multiple front ends using various development tools/systems
8+ years of experience and demonstrated proficiency in, at least, one modern programming language such as java or c#
4+ years of experience working as a member of an agile team
we value
bachelor’s degree in computer science, computer engineering or a software related discipline. a master’s degree in a related field is an added plus.
 excellent written and oral communication skills
the ability to adapt quickly to a fast-paced environment
a critical thinker that challenges assumptions and seeks new ideas
someone who seeks to understand the "why" and not just the "what"
someone who actively solicits opposing perspectives and alternative ideas
someone who drives to deliver customer value versus meeting customer demands and someone who persistently drives activity to achieve results
proactive sharing of accomplishments, knowledge, lessons, and updates across the organization
someone who makes everyone around them better
 experience designing, building, testing, releasing and operating software products and services consumed by external customers
a strong background in creating scalable and resilient web applications with an emphasis on the "full stack"
demonstrated functional and technical leadership
someone who works and collaborates with people across perceived boundaries and borders (think devops)
demonstrated analytical and problem solving skills (ability to identify, formulate, and solve engineering problems)
demonstrated understanding of algorithms, data structures, object oriented design, databases (sql / nosql)
java and / or c# development experience
experience with restful web service design
experience with azure, aws or other cloud-based paas/saas environments
experience in user interface / ui and user experience design using javascript, html5 and css
experience with test-driven development
experience with agile software development frameworks and methodologies
experience with big data and real-time analytics




exempt

how honeywell is connecting the world
includes

continued professional development
some travel required


additional information
job id: hrd14259 category: engineering location: 715 peachtree street, n.e., atlanta, ga 30308 usa 
honeywell is an equal opportunity employer. qualified applicants will be considered without regard to age, race, creed, color, national origin, ancestry, marital status, affectional or sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability, nationality, sex, or veteran status.







send to a friend










  
                                    please wait...






email this job ad to your friend(s) by adding their email address(es) along with your details to the field below:   *separate each recipient email address with a comma.

recipient email address(es):
                                            
                         
                

your first name:
 
                                                                                    
                

your last name:
                                              
                          
                
select which language the email should be sent in.

language:

chinese (simplified)
czech (czech republic)
dutch (the netherlands)
english (us)
french (canada)
french (france)
german (germany)
portuguese (brazil)
spanish (spain)





send


















 










						this job opening is already listed as one of your interests. you cannot add the same job opening to your list of interests more than one time.

to see your list of interests, navigate to the application status tab within my profile
					

























account warning













log in
cancel
ok


















honeywell is an equal opportunity employer. qualified applicants will be considered without regard to age, race, creed, color, national origin, ancestry, marital status, affectional or sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability, nationality, sex, religion, or veteran status.
for more information on applicable equal employment regulations, refer to the  eeo is the law poster . 
please refer to the eeo is the law supplement poster & the pay transparency policy.
if a disability prevents you from applying for a job through our website, request assistance here. no other requests will be acknowledged.
terms & conditions | privacy statement
© 2017 honeywell international inc.









