


        ui developer / designer -        showclix inc. -         job board
    

























 






view our website



view all jobs















thank you for visiting our job board!showclix is a full-service event technology company that handles ticket sales, marketing, and on-site operations for events around the world. our experts provide event technology and professional services that support our partners through the entire event life cycle. our partners include fandom and consumer conventions, live music venues, museums, attractions, and festivals.we look to hire smart and creative people who possess entrepreneurial-like qualities, thrive in a dynamic environment, and are passionate about live events and innovative technology.we were voted one of pittsburgh's top workplaces in 2017 by the pittsburgh post gazette, and one of pittsburgh's fastest growing companies in 2017 by the pittsburgh business times.   



ui developer / designer


pittsburgh, pa                    

full time                

software engineering                    

mid level                


















showclix is seeking a talented ui developer / designer to build functional and usable interfaces for the showclix platform. in this role you will be required to have a strong foundation in front-end development and interaction design.
as a ui developer / designer will work closely with designers, engineers, and product teams to realize and implement the user interface for the showclix family of products. we will welcome you as a primary member of the development team on a wide variety of projects, including the customer-facing event pages, checkout process, and client access admin.
responsibilities

conceptualize and implement the ui for showclix family of products
effectively communicate ideas and workflows through wireframes or prototypes
design compelling and interactive interfaces
convert designs and wireframes into html/css
promote consistency by applying and maintaining interface styleguides

basic skills and experience needed

portfolio or examples of ui work
an understanding of interaction design and user interface concepts
write clean, organized, standards compliant client side code (html, css, javascript)
produce client-side code that is cross-browser and device agnostic 
strong understanding of javascript as it pertains to the front-end

bonus points

experience with php or other server-side scripting languages
familiarity with usability studies
familiar with css preprocessors such as sass and less
a background in design, hci or related field
familiarity with task/build runners (grunt, gulp)
you dabble in data visualization
contributions to open source work

showclix is a fast-growing, full-service event technology company that handles ticket sales, marketing, and on-site operations for events around the world. our partners include fandom and consumer conventions, live music venues, museums, attractions, and festivals. each of our team members is passionate about live events and innovative technologies. we hire smart and creative people who possess entrepreneurial-like qualities and thrive in a dynamic environment.
for information about life at showclix visit: https://www.showclix.com/ticketing/careers

read more



apply for position








            apply for this position        
required*



apply with linkedin







apply with indeed









first name*



last name*



email address*



address
















phone*



resume*

attach resume
                    or
                    paste resume



                        attach resume as .pdf, .doc, or .docx (limit 2mb) or
                        paste resume


 




                            paste your resume here or
                            attach resume file









cover letter*



website, blog or portfolio:*



desired salary



in 150 characters or fewer, tell us what makes you unique. try to be creative and say something that will catch our eye!*

150



submit application














×close
forward this position





recipient email address (one)



your name



your email address



enter a message (optional)
the message cannot contain links




human check*




















powered by















