



careers | cotiviti



























skip to main content


menu

cotiviti healthcarewho we serve
our clients’ needs
our solutions
our service commitment
events
cms rac

connollywho we serve
our clients’ needs
our solutions
our service commitment
events

about cotivitiour focus
leadership team
news

careersworking at cotiviti
university recruiting
opportunities

contact us
cotiviti
cotiviti healthcare
connolly




homecareers


careers












careers
working at cotiviti
university recruiting

benefits


diversity

opportunities






browse open jobs  |  
            search open jobs  |  
            
                edit your profile  |  
                view submitted applications


job details






















requisition number
17-1295


title
data scientist 


city
atlanta


state
ga


description

cotiviti is looking for an industry leading data scientist to join a revolution in healthcare and build a first-in-market analytics capability. this is a pioneering data scientist who will participate in expanding the new analytics backbone
 of the company. cotiviti’s first-in-market analytics capability is powered by social networking technology and enables a more efficient experience for both healthcare providers and customers. as a data scientist at cotiviti you will be given the opportunity
 to work directly with a team of healthcare professionals including analysts, clinicians, coding specialists, auditors and innovators to set aggressive goals and execute on them with the team. this is for an ambitious technologist with the guts, flexibility,
 and personal drive to succeed in a dynamic environment. 

who you are

curious: you enjoy peeling apart a problem and examining the interrelationships between data that may appear superficially unrelated.
creative: you constantly invent and try new approaches to solving problems, which often times have never been applied in such contexts before. 
practical: you explore theories with an eye to the real world application to the business and the potential for improving performance for clients and customers. 
focused: you're intent on designing and testing a technique over periods of days and weeks, discovering what is successful and what should be optimized further. furthermore, you learn from the failure and trying again.
determined: you will have both the challenge and opportunity to help design our analytical backend from the ground-up, and therefore must be comfortable as both a team member and a leader in our data science effort.

what you will be doing 
you will build innovative tools to provide our clients with insights on how to improve their business. you will have responsibility for architecting and developing best-in-class analytics that create quantifiable value for our business. you will have responsibility
 for establishing and sustaining processes and practices that support big data and analytics solutions and applications in an open source environment.
you should have a passion for creating solutions and driving innovation with an interest in collaborating with team members. this role demands time spent working independently and as part of a team. you will also focus on specific deadlines defined by the
 management team.

function as data scientist which carries the expectation to enhance a saas platform that integrates both relational and non-relational databases at scale with both algorithmic logic and front-end interfaces.
participate in product development with leadership team meetings and communicate with advisors regularly on all matters regarding insights and technology developments.
define the software architecture of the growing data analytics capability and build substantial portions yourself.

 primary responsibilities

architect and hands-on development of analytics solutions with business owners and analytics teammates
define and develop analytical, statistical and machine learning algorithms for advanced analysis and prediction
architect, design, build and integrate solutions using hadoop and open source solutions: scala/spark, r, python, ruby, whatever, the mahout machine learning library
drive automation capabilities into platforms and solutions establish credibility and strong working relationship with development teams to review design and code for adherence to established standards and best practices
acquire and ingest data from a variety of sources to extend our products and solutions (innovate)
evaluate current databases to determine if we can do better using hadoop deliver using an agile development process maintain our repository and other relevant documentation architect and hands-on development of analytics solutions define and develop analytical, statistical and machine learning algorithms for advanced analysis and prediction
architect, design, build and integrate solutions using hadoop and open source solutions: scala/spark, r, python, ruby, whatever, the mahout machine learning library




requirements

required skills:

computer science: application of the methodical procedures (or algorithms) that underlie the acquisition, representation, processing, storage, communication of, and access to data and information. the ability to automate algorithmic processes
 that scale. big data analysis: strong ability to manage and analyze data in a hadoop environment using a variety of scripts, including scala/spark, r, and others. 
data warehousing and management: understanding and technical use the core data warehousing architectures, including both kimball and inmon methodologies. mastery of business intelligence tools, including data structuring, star schemas,
 performance data layers, report development and dash boarding to support business intelligence and analytics purposes, including data mining and self-serve multitenant report delivery. structuring of data to meet specific business needs, including data modeling,
 etl and elt (and knowing which to use under which circumstances), flexible schemas, performance tuning, vector creation from relational data, data quality, data governance, and related paradigms.
reasoning and problem solving: ability to actively and skillfully conceptualize, apply, analyze, synthesize, and/or evaluate information gathered from, or generated by, observation, experience, reflection, reasoning, or communication, as
 a guide to belief and action consulting: demonstrated ability to make and gain acceptance of data-driven recommendations made to business owners. strong ability to appropriately summarize and effectively communicate complex concepts & varied data sets to inform stakeholders,
 gain approval, or prompt actions; applies to multiple audiences ranging from the analyst to executive level; includes oral & written communication and multimedia presentation
statistical analysis: applies statistical methodology to solve business problems; appropriately interprets meaning from results
business knowledge: strong understanding of the tenets of health insurance, the managed care model, industry coding/policy standards, the claim adjudication process, and issues related to fraud waste and abuse; ability to apply this knowledge
 to the development & evaluation of new initiatives and lead the team strategy toward best practices. or, developing, maintaining and understanding of the basic tenets of retail auditing and our clients to develop and evaluate new initiatives and best practices
financial analysis: ability to understand, generate and evaluate healthcare utilization, unit cost and medical cost trends. this includes understanding levers that effect healthcare cost, such as contracting, networks, policies, benefit
 structures, and product design. ability to draw conclusions and make recommendations based on financial data

additional qualifications:

proficiency in all required skills and competencies above proficiency in fully architecting and executing complex analytical backends proficiency with node.js and sql; expert proficiency in one or more programming languages such as scala/spark, python, et al; expert proficiency in at least one statistical modeling program like r or matlab
experience in machine learning, artificial intelligence and/or artificial neural networks
proficiency in applying various mathematical and statistical models to include, but not limited to: discrete event simulation, factor analysis, genetic algorithms, bayesian probability models, hidden markov models and sensitivity analysis
ability to setup and maintain database for extremely large datasets using current database technologies (ex. hadoop)
strong experience in using application programming interfaces (api) proficient in the big data ecosystem with familiarity with hadoop, yarn, spark, and/or storm
proficient in at least one big data store, for example: hbase, cassandra, hive, etc.
demonstrated technical abilities to engineer products that large datasets, with tools that may include: cluster computing, grid computing, graphical processing unit computing
commercial cloud systems such as amazon elastic cloud compute ec2 





we are an equal opportunity employer.please view equal employment opportunity posters provided by ofccp 
here.

cotiviti is an equal opportunity employer. the company provides equal employment opportunities to all applicants for employment without regard to gender, sexual orientation or preference, gender identity or expression, race, color, religion, national origin,
 ethnicity, ancestry, age, marital status, pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions, mental or physical disability, veteran status or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local law, ordinance or regulation.






apply on-line



send this job to a friend













twitter
facebook
linkedin
youtube
google+
privacy policy
terms of use

©  cotiviti corporation.














