








apply for bny mellon nexen treasuryedge full stack web developer job - information technology - multiple
























skip to main content





















































toggle navigation











who we are
what we do
our thinking




client access
careers
investor relations
news
contact















bny mellon careers







get future jobs matching this search.







 get alerts 




 please enter a valid email.
 unfortunately, our network is not responding. please try again later.
 your job alert was successfully created.






share this job


























nexen treasuryedge full stack web developer


multiple locations:
jersey city, new jersey; pittsburgh, pennsylvania




categories: information technology





apply




job description




design and develop one of the firm's premier treasury services suite of applications using a modern technology stack and agile practices.  enhancing treasuryedge to support the ever changing international and domestic payment and disbursement services to meet business and client needs.
 


nexen is bny mellon’s next generation digital ecosystem that represents our company’s technology strategy across the enterprise. nexen is based on cloud computing principles, speeding time to market and improving developer productivity for our company and for our clients. part of our nexen strategy involves building restful web services and responsive ui's with angularjs.
 qualifications 
be a team player with strong reasoning and communication skills- be able to lead and mentor an offshore team.
java development, spring mvc framework 
expertise in relational database design and experience with sql             
web service design and development, (rest/json would be a plus) 
apache/tomcat hosting environment, set up / troubleshootingany of the following experience would be a plus, although not required: 


angularjs, bootstrap, css
git, svn ( source code)
maven, jenkins (build)
mq
python
siteminder, oauth2, certificates
hibernate / jpa, jdbc
agile / scrum - continuous integration / delivery     provides application software development services or technical support in situations of moderate complexity. may also be responsible for requirements gathering and brd/srd preparation. has thorough knowledge of the software development life cycle. conducts reviews of the test plan and test data. writes new programs of moderate complexity and scope, working with basic application system designs and specifications, utilizing bny mellon's standard development methodology, procedures and techniques. designs and codes programs, and creates test transactions and runs tests to find errors and revise programs. prepares the final and detailed versions of system modification requirements, ensures turnovers are done on time and correctly. interfaces with architects to design, code, test and implement application programs. conducts analysis of organizational needs and goals for the development and implementation of application systems. proposes innovative, creative technology solutions. contributes to the achievement of related teams' objectives. bachelor's degree in computer science engineering or a related discipline, or equivalent work experience required, 4-6 years of experience in software development required, experience in the securities or financial services industry is a plus, should have thorough knowledge of the software development cycle.#dicepost for over 230 years, the people of bny mellon have been at the forefront of finance, expanding the financial markets while supporting investors throughout the investment lifecycle. bny mellon can act as a single point of contact for clients looking to create, trade, hold, manage, service, distribute or restructure investments & safeguards nearly one-fifth of the world's financial assets. bny mellon remains one of the safest, most trusted and admired companies. every day our employees make their mark by helping clients better manage and service their financial assets around the world. whether providing financial services for institutions, corporations or individual investors, clients count on the people of bny mellon across time zones and in 35 countries and more than 100 markets. it's the collective ambition, innovative thinking and exceptionally focused client service paired with a commitment to doing what is right that continues to set us apart. make your mark: bnymellon.com/careers.client technology solutions provides our business partners with client-focused, technology-based solutions. these enhance their ability to be successful through world-class software solutions and leading-edge infrastructure. client technology solutions provides employees with the tools and resources to enhance their professional qualifications and careers.bny mellon is an equal employment opportunity/affirmative action employer.minorities/females/individuals with disabilities/protected veterans.  primary location: united states-new jersey-jersey city internal jobcode: 45115 job: information technology organization: client experience delivery-hr11324 requisition number: 1616043





 


see jobs by: 

categories


locations













who we are
our story
leadership
social responsibility




what we do
our services
who we serve
investment services
investment management
wealth management




our thinking
business insights
foresight
library















client access
careers
investor relations
news
contact




sitemap
suppliers
cookies
privacy
terms of use
©2017 the bank of new york mellon corporation






















