
full stack developer job - debs - pittsburgh, pa | indeed.com






















skip to job description, searchclose










find jobscompany reviewsfind salariesfind resumesemployers / post job







upload your resume


sign in







:







what
where





advanced job search


 

 



 



job title, keywords or company


city, state, or zip












full stack developer

debs
     -
pittsburgh, pa 15221


                indeed salary estimate: $74,000 - $94,000 a year




job summaryinfobate is a well established and growing small firm in pittsburgh looking for full stack developers. our company collects weekly sales data and provides information tools to sales & marketing, and management personnel located throughout the u.s. these professionals utilize our it products to access our big data to gain insight and better performance for their companies.(learn more at www.infobate.com)do you meet most of the following requirements?strong understanding of cs fundamentals, object oriented design and data structures. * proficient understanding of javascript, react, html5, jquery, css. * proficient understanding of postgresql and other databases, apis. * motivated to drive tasks to completion and take ownership of projects. * able to translate design mockups and prototypes into working application designs. * ability to work in a rapidly evolving and agile development environment. * a solid track record of building elegant and sophisticated web applications that users love. * experience in web development leveraging responsive design targeting desktop and mobileexcellent written and verbal communication, including technical writing skills. * proficient understanding of code versioning toolsexcellent analytical, critical thinking and reasoning. * ability to work independently, as well as in a team environment.a great benefit package that includes:  medical, dental, vision, and life insurance. paid holidays, free parking, flexible work hours, casual work attire, pizza days, picnics and dinners, office cookoutslocation:  pittsburgh, pa - just east of downtowncompensation:  based on experienceapply now to be a name and not a number on a dynamic and cohesive team of pros.job type: full-time

2 days ago   -  save job









» apply now

            please review all application instructions before applying to debs.






other jobs you may like


java full stack developer

consulting professional resources, inc. -
					pittsburgh, pa
28 days ago

 easily apply



full-stack java developer

bosch group -
					pittsburgh, pa
7 days ago


full stack developer

fireman creative -
					pittsburgh, pa
8 days ago

 easily apply



full stack .net developer

oxford solutions -
					pittsburgh, pa
22 days ago


full stack developer

consultusa -
					pittsburgh, pa
30+ days ago





 









                        debs


                a family owned business, operating out of the great lakes bay region for the last 30 years. we represent our convenience distribution...



let employers find youthousands of employers search for candidates on indeedupload your resume










about - help center


©2017 indeed - cookies, privacy and terms



let employers find you  upload your resume










indeed salary estimatewe know salary is a key component of your decision whether or not to apply for a job. so when the hiring company hasn’t provided a salary for a job, we look at salary data from related companies and locations to come up with a reasonable estimate for what you can expect.with over 450,000,000 salaries collected from other jobs and employees, we use one of the biggest salary databases in the world to inform these estimates. and because we are continually adding feedback from users like you, we are able to keep refining our accuracy.these salary estimates are not endorsed by the hiring companies and may vary from what’s actually offered, but we have a pretty great record of getting close enough for you to make an informed decision.is this your job listing? send us feedback to correct an inaccurate salary estimate.

