


		back end developer -		pointwest technologies corp - 		job board
	










































 


go to our website »












« go back to job listings


back end developer



location: pittsburg, pa		

type: contracted		

min. experience: mid level		





pointwest technologies seeking an ambitious and experienced server/back-end developer for our pittsburg based client. our client has been a global leader in virtual meetings for over 20 years. their cloud-based solutions deliver multi-point, real-time virtual collaboration using video, voice, mobile, web streaming and file sharing technologies. their solutions are available via desktops, tablets and mobile devices, helping businesses worldwide be more productive, mobile and environmentally responsible. we are looking for is looking for an experienced back end developer to join our team. the ideal candidate will have 5- 7+ years experience working in cloud based technologies. our back-end developer will take hard problems and solve them by combining open source code with your own configuration and custom work. you will have the opportunity to be on the frontline and gain experience with cutting-edge technologies as you help shape the direction our company takes when creating backend solutions.
responsibilities: perform backend development efforts as directed for 2-4 simultaneous projects at a time
write functional and technical code that meet client’s requirements
review functional and technical requirements for missing information
keep current on the software versions of our client’s development packages, platforms, and tools
adhere to time tracking, task management, and data management practices perform development related project tasks as required frontend tools including: html5 and java required
requirements: bachelor’s degree 3 or more years of experience 3+ years’ experience with mysql syntax and database structures, php, and css excel in a fast-paced environment meet all deadlines





 

 

 





forward this position




				recipient email address (one)
			

 



				your name
			

 



				your email address
			

 



				enter a message (optional)
			

 




  




« go back to job listings













			apply for this position		

			* required fields
		















first name*





last name*





email address*





location 





phone number*





resume*


attach resume or
					paste resume





						attach resume as .pdf, .doc, or .docx (limit 2mb) or
						paste resume



 




						paste your resume here or
						attach resume file



 



cover letter*





in 150 characters or fewer, tell us what makes you unique. try to be creative and say something that will catch our eye!*





human check*
























 






