
full stack developer job - fireman creative - pittsburgh, pa | indeed.com






















skip to job description, searchclose










find jobscompany reviewsfind salariesfind resumesemployers / post job







upload your resume


sign in







:







what
where





advanced job search


 

 



 



job title, keywords or company


city, state, or zip












full stack developer

fireman creative
     -
pittsburgh, pa 15208


                indeed salary estimate: $64,000 - $82,000 a year




fireman creative is currently looking to hire a full stack web developer to join our team to help create web applications. the job is for full-time employment, 5 days per week monday thru friday, 9 am - 6 pm in our office in pittsburgh, pa. the job includes benefits, and some work hour flexibility. the ideal candidate will have experience creating imaginative, compelling and forward-thinking interactive experiences. salary commensurate with experience.required skills: expert in php and wordpress development (roots.io stack, advanced custom fields, custom post types)knowledge of php mvc frameworksexperience node.js, etc.working command of task managers (gulp & grunt) and package managers (npm & bower)expert in javascript and js libraries including jquerystrong knowledge of ui principles and conceptual skills to bring designs and ideas to lifestrong knowledge of html5, css3/less, bootstrap, & responsive web designknowledge of capabilities & constraints of different platforms, browsers, and devicesworking command of shell/bash unix scriptsunderstanding of git version control and git commandsdns, dedicated hosting platformsdatabases, sqlother key responsibilitiesclient relationsbe actively involved in client kickoff meetings for new projects. meet to discuss projects with clients and incorporate feedback. when needed, provide clients with updates on project progress.interface with the design and content teamreceive feedback from designers as well as creative direction from management, and incorporate that feedback if appropriate. collaborate with other designers to provide and receive thoughtful feedback.interface with project managementrequest assets & content, request scheduling of meeting & other communications with clients. check the progress of proposals, provide graphics if necessary. check for approval of contracts to begin work. provide time estimates if necessary.interested individuals wishing to apply, please send via email your resume, portfolio website and/or code samples. no phone calls, please.job type: full-time

8 days ago   -  save job









» apply now

            please review all application instructions before applying to fireman creative.






other jobs you may like


software developer

movisu-fit -
					pittsburgh, pa
15 days ago

 easily apply



full stack developer

debs -
					pittsburgh, pa
2 days ago

 easily apply



java full stack developer

consulting professional resources, inc. -
					pittsburgh, pa
28 days ago

 easily apply



full stack web developer

symbiotries inc. -
					wexford, pa
13 days ago

 easily apply



full stack developer

consultusa -
					pittsburgh, pa
30+ days ago





 









                        fireman creative


                fireman creative
is a design and development agency in pittsburgh, pa.

we build websites and software applications for desktop and...



let employers find youthousands of employers search for candidates on indeedupload your resume










about - help center


©2017 indeed - cookies, privacy and terms



let employers find you  upload your resume










indeed salary estimatewe know salary is a key component of your decision whether or not to apply for a job. so when the hiring company hasn’t provided a salary for a job, we look at salary data from related companies and locations to come up with a reasonable estimate for what you can expect.with over 450,000,000 salaries collected from other jobs and employees, we use one of the biggest salary databases in the world to inform these estimates. and because we are continually adding feedback from users like you, we are able to keep refining our accuracy.these salary estimates are not endorsed by the hiring companies and may vary from what’s actually offered, but we have a pretty great record of getting close enough for you to make an informed decision.is this your job listing? send us feedback to correct an inaccurate salary estimate.

