








apply for bny mellon principal angular js developer - front end job - information technology - multiple
























skip to main content





















































toggle navigation











who we are
what we do
our thinking




client access
careers
investor relations
news
contact















bny mellon careers







get future jobs matching this search.







 get alerts 




 please enter a valid email.
 unfortunately, our network is not responding. please try again later.
 your job alert was successfully created.






share this job


























principal angular js developer - front end


multiple locations:
pittsburgh, pennsylvania; new  york, new york




categories: information technology





apply




job description



the risk it group is in the middle of building out the new enterprise risk system. it will have the ability to aggregate the risk measures across the firm, in support of regulatory as well as internal risk management requirements. while the initial focus of the business functions is for counterparty credit risk, the system will provide measures for all other risk disciplines as well, including market, liquidity and operational risk.
principal angular js developer - the qualified candidate will have experience as an angularjs developer and passion for frontend development.
the angularjs developer will:
·         work in bny mellon’s enterprise risk area to design and develop a common reporting architecture
·         design/develop reusable code that can be used by developers globally
·         collaborate/lead/guide  onshore and offshore development teams
·         engage in a scaled agile framework (scrum) software development process
·         perform peer code reviews
·         contribute to automated testing suite tests using karma and jasmine
·         consults with internal business groups to provide high-level application software development services or technical support. 
·         provides comprehensive senior-level technical consulting to it management and senior technical staffs. 
·         works with internal business groups on implementation opportunities, challenges, and requirements of various applications. 
·         analyzes information and provides recommendations to address and resolve business issues for a specific business group.  
  qualifications bachelor's degree in computer science engineering or a related discipline, or equivalent work experience required, 10-12 years of experience in software development required, experience in the securities or financial services industry is a plus.
 
preferred qualifications:
·         12+ years in information technology
·         7+ years in java 
·         3+ years in restful web services and angularjs experience
·         should take lead on establishing, implementing and monitoring best practices for technical & non-technical functionalities
·         experience with sql, oracle  and backend technologies
·         experience with source code version control systems such as git 
·         experience with rest web architecture
·         experience with javascript/angularjs testing frameworks such as jasmine and protractor
· experience with selenium
·         experience with css and html
·         experience with grunt and bower
·         experience with jenkins or similar continuous integration services is a plus

#dicepost for over 230 years, the people of bny mellon have been at the forefront of finance, expanding the financial markets while supporting investors throughout the investment lifecycle. bny mellon can act as a single point of contact for clients looking to create, trade, hold, manage, service, distribute or restructure investments & safeguards nearly one-fifth of the world's financial assets. bny mellon remains one of the safest, most trusted and admired companies. every day our employees make their mark by helping clients better manage and service their financial assets around the world. whether providing financial services for institutions, corporations or individual investors, clients count on the people of bny mellon across time zones and in 35 countries and more than 100 markets. it's the collective ambition, innovative thinking and exceptionally focused client service paired with a commitment to doing what is right that continues to set us apart. make your mark: bnymellon.com/careers.client technology solutions provides our business partners with client-focused, technology-based solutions. these enhance their ability to be successful through world-class software solutions and leading-edge infrastructure. client technology solutions provides employees with the tools and resources to enhance their professional qualifications and careers.bny mellon is an equal employment opportunity/affirmative action employer.minorities/females/individuals with disabilities/protected veterans.  primary location: united states-pennsylvania-pittsburgh internal jobcode: 45198 job: information technology organization: investment services technology-hr13644 requisition number: 1614406





 


see jobs by: 

categories


locations













who we are
our story
leadership
social responsibility




what we do
our services
who we serve
investment services
investment management
wealth management




our thinking
business insights
foresight
library















client access
careers
investor relations
news
contact




sitemap
suppliers
cookies
privacy
terms of use
©2017 the bank of new york mellon corporation






















