


careers center - front-end web developer (e-commerce)















































please enable cookies to continue
please enable cookies in your browser to experience all the personalized features of this site, including the ability to apply for a job.







welcome page







returning candidate?

log back in!












front-end web developer (e-commerce)




posted date

2 months ago



job id

2017-11559


category

development



location


us-pa-pittsburgh









overview






about dmidmi, the world’s first end-to-end mobility company, combines all the skills and services necessary to deliver mobile enterprise solutions. built to reinvent business through mobility, dmi has expertise in mobile strategy, ux, web, and app development, omni-channel commerce, brand and marketing, big data management and analytics, and secure device and app management. the company’s unique, integrated approach to mobility has resulted in dramatic growth as well as an expanding client base, which includes hundreds of fortune 1000 commercial clients and all fifteen u.s. federal departments. dmi is headquartered in washington dc area, with satellite offices around the world. additional information is available at www.dminc.com and on linkedin, twitter, facebook, and google+.








responsibilities






 about the opportunitywe are seeking a highly motivated and talented front-­end web developer to contribute to the vision and creation of amazing interactive web customer experiences for our large retail clients. you will work closely with front-end creative teams and back-end software engineers. this position will require a dynamic, results-oriented individual who can handle a fast paced environment and react quickly to changing client needs.   responsibilities:build and improve software and tools by translating functional requirements into robust, interesting, supportable, and exciting web-based applications that work within the overall system architectureparticipate in the full lifecycle site development, including client-­side browser development, implementation, browser compatibility validation, and bug-­fixing.actively troubleshoot and support applications in production-­critical environmentssuccessful candidates will have:have a demonstrated ability to roll up his/her sleeves to develop and implement new features and functionality, especially related to client browser-­side capabilities, including javascript, html5, css3, and responsive web designbe passionate about writing reliable, efficient, and maintainable pages and codehave an entrepreneurial spirit with a drive to contribute new ideas for future development  








qualifications






 basic qualifications:deep understanding of html5, css, and javascript a mustexperience with responsive frameworks, such as bootstrapexperience with ajax, jquery, json, xml, node.jsfamiliarity with browser capabilities and debuggingability to write code that meets web accessibility guidelines (wcag or section 508)self-­starter with the ability to ramp up quickly and work independentlyability to manage workflow, priorities, and deadlines, while handling multiple projectsexperience providing accurate task breakdowns and estimatesability to track and monitor requests from inception to completionflexibility to shift priorities quickly to ensure deadlines are metstrong organizational skills5+ years of experience as a ux developer or front-end developeradditional qualifications:familiarity with php, jquery, java experience with magento, hybris, and/or oracle commerce (formerly atg)experience with jsp and jstlbachelor’s degree or equivalent experience physical requirement(s):  no physical requirementslocation: reston va, burlington ma, pittsburgh, pa pm2017ind2017ind2017working at dmidmi is a diverse, prosperous and rewarding place to work. we provide our employees with competitive benefits, educational assistance, and career growth opportunities. every employee is valued for their talents and contributions. we all take pride in helping our customers achieve their goals, which in turn contributes to the overall success of the company.the company does and will take affirmative action to employ and advance in employment individuals with disabilities and protected veterans, and to treat qualified individuals without discrimination on the basis of their physical or mental disability or veteran status. dmi is an equal opportunity employer minority/female/veterans/disability.***************** no agencies please *****************applicants selected may be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information. us citizenship may be required for some positions.  





options

apply for this job onlineapplysharerefer a friendrefer


sorry the share function is not working properly at this moment. please refresh the page and try again later.

share on your newsfeed




connect with us!




not ready to apply? connect with us for general consideration.







application faqssoftware powered by icimswww.icims.com









