ï»¿

web developer | pop labs






















go to navigation
go to content


pop labs
call us 1 (877) 500-1399

home
aboutnews room
community
awards
careers

servicesprocess
search engine optimization
pay-per-click advertising
web design
social media consulting
e-mail marketing
request for proposal

case studiesnational marketing information provider
consumer services retailer in nevada
consumer home improvement retailer

blog
contact











 


web developer
our web developers are responsible for building customer websites according to established coding and production standards. we are looking for talented, energetic 
candidates with  careful attention to detail and extensive experience translating designs into web sites using table-less 
xhtml and css.
are you a css gallery junky? are your heroes dan cederholm, jeffrey zeldman, andy  budd, and eric meyer? if you answered yes, and have a solid grasp of web standards and accessibility, this is the position for you. candidates must be able to demonstrate knowledge and experience creating web sites from scratch using xhtml and css, and must be comfortable enough with those technologies to hand-code sites.
a top candidate will be:

ideal candidate will be a self starter, innovative thinker, and eager to create your own personal brand through your hard work. 
proficient at hand-coded xhtml and css 
experienced with photoshop and/or fireworks 
experienced with xhtml/css based layout production (semantic mark-up, cross browser compatibility) 
experienced with accessibility issues (e.g. wcag 1.0 or section 508)

candidates will be engaged in the following work:

production web site building experience with the following technologies: modx, php, xhtml, css, plesk
debugging and problem solving of client websites & supporting project coordinators.
tasks that are it support related in nature

to apply for this position, you must have

an online portfolio, demonstrating knowledge/experience creating xhtml/css based layouts
1+ years xhtml/css production, including using css for layout not just text styling
a college degree or equivalent real world xhtml/css experience
experience with javascript a plus 
experience with modx cms

bonus:

magento management/development experience
background in it desktop/software support
seo experience
marketing (social media such as facebook, wordpress, twitter)
proficient in graphic design

benefits of working at pop labs
pop  labs provides an open and energetic environment that provides people  the freedom to express themselves with outstanding results. our team  members are people who thrive on excitement and the discovery of new  and innovative ways of achieving objectives. apply now to join the team!
 



career opportunities at pop labs
project coordinator
web designer
web developer
accounting / admin
sales executive - houston
business development - san francisco
internships
marketing specialist
social media internship

 

forget the formula
learn more about our process

access granted to the labs
check out our latest experiments

 



 



about

news room
community
awards
careers
contact



services

process
seo
ppc advertising
web design
social media
email marketing



case studies

national marketing information provider
consumer services retailer in nevada
consumer home improvement retailer



recently blogged
the number one tip to avoid social media stressthe clout behind klout: 5 things you need to know about kloutpop labs pinterest powerpunch! three pinterest points to ponderdigital leapfrog: interact past the competitionget off the internet! increasing audience interaction offlinelove my blog! 3 ways to make your audience fall in love




privacy policy
terms of service
accessibility statement
site map
feedback
 rss feeds

back to top

stalk us!

facebook
twitter
google+
youtube




1 (877) 500-1399copyright © 2009 - 2016 pop labs, all rights reserved.
 
 




