



global healing center - jobs: back-end web developer - apply online

























all jobs
→
back-end web developer

back-end web developer
houston, texas, united states

descriptionwho we are:global healing center is a leading manufacturer, distributor, and retailer of healthy living products, specializing in cleansing and detoxification. our mission: create and market the best products possible, help as many people as we can through education, and provide customers with solutions to live a healthy lifestyle. check us out at www.globalhealingcenter.com if you are truly interested in working with us.here's the job:you will be part of a team of front-end and back-end developers to maintain and carry out web development projects for our websites. this includes our main ecommerce site and several microsites. you must have a solid understanding of ecommerce and cms platforms, lamp stack experience, and hands-on front-end/back-end development. you will be expected to be an effective team-member and contribute creative solutions for our growing web technology needs.responsibilities: configure and      maintain magento and wordpress to work with other business tools; implement/consume      rest services; maintain pci      compliance requirements; provide      suggestions and recommendations for new technology solutions; monitor      scheduled database and application backups; adhere to code      standards; maintain the      web infrastructure for high availability of critical e-commerce      operations. perform      continuous web site improvements and optimizations; review,      evaluate, analyze and modify existing programming as necessary; work      collaboratively with other teams on projects to improve and enhance our      websites. requirements bachelor’s      degree or higher in computer science, computer engineering, information      systems or another related field; minimum 2      years of back-end web development experience; knowledge of      e-commerce and database operations; comfortable      in a linux/apache/mysql/php (lamp) environment; strong      knowledge of web frameworks; strong      technical knowledge of the following: xml, php, sql, javascript, jquery,      ajax, mysql, prototype, html5, css3; strong php,      oop, and mvc principles and design patterns; ability to      work in a fast-paced, task-focused, team environment; strong      initiative and self-starting approach; ability to      operate effectively during rapid growth; great      attention to details; excellent      problem-solving skills; experience      working with responsive and mobile web development; ability to work effectively in a fast-paced environment with low tolerance for error. bonus: knowledge of      or experience in natural health industry; actively      embraces healthy living; believes in      helping others; enjoys making      a positive change in the world; knowledge of      seo best practices; available      after-hours for servers/application troubleshooting; redhat/centos,      aws, amp benefits paid time off (pto); company covered health, dental, vision, and life insurance; 5% 401(k) match plus an additional 4%; allowances for gym, continuing education, preventative care and other reimbursements; employee store credit; company sponsored events; fun team-building activities. how do i apply?fill out the online application and please be sure to include a copy of your resume and a cover letter to us in pdf or word format.this job description reflects our initial assessment of this position. it in no way is meant to limit or exclude any task which may be assigned. we are excited to add a new member to our team, and we believe strongly in growing from within. please expect to learn new things while working here, and realize that you will be a valuable asset to the company.

apply for this job











global healing center website

powered by
workable





