



job application for junior web development instructor at general assembly























          apply now
        
junior web development instructor

        at general assembly
      
(view all jobs)

        houston
      


general assembly (ga) is a global educational company. focusing on the most relevant and in demand skills across data, design, business and technology, general assembly is empowering a global community to pursue work they love through best-in-class instruction and access to opportunities. ga works with students online and in person across 15 campuses around the world and thousands of companies as partners in course development and graduate placement as well as through ga’s corporate training and development business. additionally, ga’s focus on affordable and accessible education combined with our education-to-employment approach is helping to create a diverse talent pipeline.
we are looking for full-time instructors:
our web development immersive course is a life-changing educational experience where our students learn the skills and mindsets to take on new careers as web developers. we are looking for a lead instructor with strong javascript experience to play a key role on our growing instructional team.
why teach the web development immersive?
if you are looking to make a life-changing impact by doing what you know and love, this is the position for you. through this unparalleled opportunity, you will:

deepen your own skills by guiding students through a rigorous journey where they begin as driven novices and leave as empowered software engineers
facilitate a supportive and energetic community that lasts well beyond the course
hone your own leadership skills by working with an instructional team and classroom community

who are we?
general assembly is a venture-backed, nyc-based startup focusing on education for individuals and enterprises in the areas of technology, design, and entrepreneurship. we currently have physical classrooms in 14 cities across 4 continents, with tens of thousands of students coming through our doors.
skills and qualifications
you have 6 months or more professional experience as a web developer or have been an ia for the ga wdi program at least 1-2 cohorts. 

you are eager to shape the skills, minds, and trajectories of the newest generation of data scientists.
you are the person that your colleagues naturally gravitate to when they are trying to figure something out.
you are comfortable with technology and operations- if there are bugs or tech issues, you’re not afraid to roll up your sleeves and jump into fix them 
you are a natural networker and have connections to the local tech and start-up scene in your city
must haves: 

you are familiar with full-stack javascript and ruby on rails



nice to haves: 

familiarity with python

you are on top of big data trends
work closely with your senior instructors to guide students through a rigorous, transformational journey towards apprenticeship as data scientists
become a better teacher, leader, and mentor as you learn from veteran instructors and our world-class instructional coaches 
inspire and support students as they identify their passions and drive their own continued learning beyond the curriculum.
adapt our global curriculum and use it to guide your teaching, building your own lesson plans as needed and contributing back your lessons learned over time.
facilitate a safe, supportive, and energetic community that welcomes the various needs and learning styles of your students.
provide on-going feedback and mentorship for students in the program

responsibilities and duties

2 weeks of planning and training followed by 12 full work weeks (5 days a week) of teaching, planning and content development.
provide students with meaningful and prompt feedback on their progress.
work alongside ga staff in order to best meet the needs and learning styles of your students.
be the point of contact locally for the students and manage local day to day operations for your classroom/location.
leveraging contacts in your local tech community to further enrich the student experience, including but not limited to using local examples during lessons and possibly arranging site visits or guest speakers.
guide students through the development of stellar projects that will showcase their abilities to hiring managers.
assist with student outcomes and facilitating local meet and hires for students. 
facilitate a dynamic and collaborative classroom community.
inspire students to persevere through the challenges of learning complex subjects.

licensure
general assembly is a licensed school in all states that we operate in, and some states require instructors to be licensed to teach. if hired, you will be required to submit and be approved as an instructor in relevant states. directions for becoming licensed will be shared with you during onboarding. licensure requirements vary by state, but you may be required to provide academic transcripts and to answer questions pertaining to moral character, professional conduct, education, and work history. general assembly will pay for all licensing fees. 







apply for this job

* required
        







first name *



last name *



email *



phone *



resume/cv *


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 














cover letter


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 

















are you a current or former ga instructor? *



--
yes
no


are you a current or former ga student? *



--
yes
no


if so, what course and when?
    





what programming language(s) do you have the most experience in? *






linkedin profile:
    





how did you hear about this job? *






anything additional you think we should know?
    







u.s. equal opportunity employment information (completion is voluntary)


  individuals seeking employment at general assembly are considered without regards
  to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical
  or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation. you are
  being given the opportunity to provide the following information in order to help us
  comply with federal and state equal employment opportunity/affirmative action record
  keeping, reporting, and other legal requirements.


  completion of the form is entirely voluntary. whatever your decision,
  it will not be considered in the hiring process or thereafter. any information that you
  do provide will be recorded and maintained in a confidential file.


gender
please selectmale
female
decline to self identify


are you hispanic/latino?
please selectyes
no
decline to self identify


please identify your race
please selectamerican indian or alaskan native
asian
black or african american
hispanic or latino
white
native hawaiian or other pacific islander
two or more races
decline to self identify


      race & ethnicity definitions


  if you believe you belong to any of the categories of protected veterans listed below,
  please indicate by making the appropriate selection.  as a government contractor
  subject to vietnam era veterans readjustment assistance act (vevraa), we request this
  information in order to measure the effectiveness of the outreach and positive
  recruitment efforts we undertake pursuant to vevraa. classification of protected
  categories is as follows:


  a "disabled veteran" is one of the following: a veteran of the u.s. military, ground,
  naval or air service who is entitled to compensation (or who but for the receipt of
  military retired pay would be entitled to compensation) under laws administered by the
  secretary of veterans affairs; or a person who was discharged or released from active
  duty because of a service-connected disability.


  a "recently separated veteran" means any veteran during the three-year period beginning
  on the date of such veteran's discharge or release from active duty in the u.s.
  military, ground, naval, or air service.


  an "active duty wartime or campaign badge veteran" means a veteran who served on active
  duty in the u.s. military, ground, naval or air service during a war, or in a campaign
  or expedition for which a campaign badge has been authorized under the laws
  administered by the department of defense.


  an "armed forces service medal veteran" means a veteran who, while serving on active
  duty in the u.s. military, ground, naval or air service, participated in a united
  states military operation for which an armed forces service medal was awarded pursuant
  to executive order 12985.


veteran status
please selecti am not a protected veteran
i identify as one or more of the classifications of a protected veteran
i don't wish to answer



form cc-305
omb control number 1250-0005
expires 1/31/2020

voluntary self-identification of disability
why are you being asked to complete this form?

  because we do business with the government, we must reach out to, hire, and provide
  equal opportunity to qualified people with disabilities1.  to help us
  measure how well we are doing, we are asking you to tell us if you have a disability or
  if you ever had a disability.  completing this form is voluntary, but we hope that you
  will choose to fill it out.  if you are applying for a job, any answer you give will be
  kept private and will not be used against you in any way.


  if you already work for us, your answer will not be used against you in any way.
  because a person may become disabled at any time, we are required to ask all of our
  employees to update their information every five years.  you may voluntarily
  self-identify as having a disability on this form without fear of any punishment
  because you did not identify as having a disability earlier.

how do i know if i have a disability?

  you are considered to have a disability if you have a physical or mental impairment or
  medical condition that substantially limits a major life activity, or if you have a
  history or record of such an impairment or medical condition.

disabilities include, but are not limited to:

blindness
deafness
cancer
diabetes
epilepsy
autism
cerebral palsy
hiv/aids
schizophrenia
muscular dystrophy
bipolar disorder
major depression
multiple sclerosis (ms)
missing limbs or partially missing limbs
post-traumatic stress disorder (ptsd)
obsessive compulsive disorder
impairments requiring the use of a wheelchair
intellectual disability (previously called mental retardation)


disability status
please selectyes, i have a disability (or previously had a disability)
no, i don't have a disability
i don't wish to answer

reasonable accommodation notice

  federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified
  individuals with disabilities. please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation
  to apply for a job or to perform your job.  examples of reasonable accommodation
  include making a change to the application process or work procedures, providing
  documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using
  specialized equipment.


1section 503 of the rehabilitation act of 1973, as amended.  for more
  information about this form or the equal employment obligations of federal contractors,
  visit the u.s. department of labor's office of federal contract compliance programs
  (ofccp) website at www.dol.gov/ofccp.


  public burden statement:  according to the paperwork reduction act of 1995 no persons
  are required to respond to a collection of information unless such collection displays
  a valid omb control number. this survey should take about 5 minutes to complete.








 



share this job:    













powered by 

 
      read our privacy policy



















