










lti




























go to lti site














go to l&t infotech site

















login
















current openings



lca notice











job description


job code:
21536


title:
software support analyst - foresite


location:
houston, tx, united states


description:
1.1answer phone calls, emails and other channels of communication from customers asking for assistance with product issues.
1.2help customers with configuration, usage and administration of their systems
1.3assist customers with upgrade help including service pack and hotfix application
1.4provide scripting and programming support 
1.5train customers on new product features.
1.6identify cause of problem reported by debugging vb, c#, xml, sql, html /scripts if necessary correct them or report them to the developers.
1.7resolve customer issues related to scada, lift optimization and analytics
1.8exhibit thorough knowledge of upstream oil & gas optimization software functionality, configuration and usage
1.9manage and track escalations to higher support levels and escalations to development team
1.10manage adherence to sla commitments and deviations. use customer service software tools to monitor, prioritize and deliver support services
1.11participate in software testing during the release cycle.
1.12support multiple versions of the software
1.13may require occasional travel to the field sites.
1.14requires participating in 24x7 rotation with other team members to respond to critical system support requests.
1.15work with the commercial team to manage and distribute licensed software to customers.
1.16create and distribute activity reports.
1.17work assignments carried out to the highest quality level.
1.18know and understand weatherford quality policy and comply with all requirements of the quality systems manual, operating and technical procedures and workplace instructions
1.19must understand and comply with all safety rules and company policies of weatherford.
1.20perform various other duties as assigned by supervisor within the physical constraints of the job.
skillset
essential

excellent debugging /knowledge of vb, sql, html5, javascript, powershell, typescript   and angularjs
exposure to software support
knowledge of windows programming environment
knowledge of web security, authentication and authorization
excellent verbal and written communication skills
ability to calmly manage crisis situations
ability to plan ahead and organize daily and weekly tasks
ability to work with minimum supervision

preferred

experience in scada, data analytics, bi
experience in cygnet, lowis or similar software
experience in oil and gas industry
familiarity with restful apis and web applications

candidates requiring visa sponsorship will not be considered at this time.’
we are an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer. all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion,sex, national origin, gender identity, sexual orientation, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.
 
 


key skills:
vb, sql, html5, javascript, powershell, typescript   and angularjs


education qualification:
associate degree




















are you a returning applicant?












previous applicants:


email:





password:





if you do not remember your password click here.




back to search results


to search again, return to the search page.

















quick liks



industries

automotive & aerospace
banking
construction
consumer electronics
consumer packaged goods
energy
engineering
financial services
healthcare
hi-tech
industrial machinery
insurance
logistics
media & entertainment
plant equipment
process
retail
travel
utilities



solutions

financial services
life sciences
retail
consumer electronics
healthcare
logistics
travel
consumer packaged goods
hi-tech
media & entertainment
utilities



products

unitrax
accurusi

services

cloud
mobility
analytics and information management
business intelligence & data warehousing 
consulting
erp
testing
applications management
open source technologies
enterprise integration
systems integrations services
discreet & process industry



technology

technology office
technologies
alliances
success stories
brochures

company

about
board of directors
senior management
csr & sustainability
fsti
alliances
clients
case studies
white papers
brochures
careers




© copyright 2015 lti all rights reserved.
sitemap | privacy policy | social media policy

























