

	your next adventure. work is an adventure. we’re here to take you where you want to go.









































we use cookies to provide you with a better service. if you continue to use this site, we’ll assume that you are happy to receive all cookies. click here for more information on our cookies policy.












open menu



close menu



search jobs


our expertise



« back


business transformation


energy


finance


legal


life sciences


technology





consulting solutions


services


insight


hydrogen careers


investors


about us


login


contact us


track





register
login



search




















                                javascript/typescript developer

                                as a fullstack javascript developer, you’ll design and develop applications to support our clients’ business needs. your results-focused mindset helps in your delivery of successful projects for our firm. you’ll tap into your experience within the various



rate
                                $‎70.00 - $‎100.00 hourly hourly

industry
                                technology

location
                                usa - texas - houston

term
                                thirteen months

type
                                contract

ref
                                jo-1708-907619

                                posted
                                51
                                days ago



job description
*based anywhere in us*typescript experience is a requirement for this role. you will be working on a cutting edge project where typescript is going to be utilized in both front and back end work.you’ll tap into your experience within the various javascript frameworks and related tools and technologies to aid in the construction of web-based interactive applications including complex processing, interactions with relational databases and integration with external systems. you’ll also participate in code review activities, development of unit tests and completing bug fixes.
 

#li-110407963_sr2 #li-96

                        

                    





apply now








stephen rea
director

"i am a director of it within the hydrogen technology practice"

+1 713 239 1058
get in touch










name



name



message







close












it project manager
• leads and manages multiple, complex, large and/or global projects. this role coordinates, supports, and assists all aspects of a large, complex, cross-functional, and/or global project from original concept through the final implementation, ensuring gove
view this role






sql developer
full time position for a sql developer in houston, an exciting opportunity that will let you work multiple projects.
view this role






salesforce developer
exciting role for a salesforce developer in a rapidly growing team and a thriving salesforce environment with 1000+ users
view this role















technology recruitment
whether you’re a start-up or a multinational, we understand your technology recruitment needs. we’ve placed specialists — including 900 contractors — in nearly 600 organisations since 2008.
read this article




















your skills match for this role is less than 25%. are you sure you want to apply?
please review your skills match above.
log in to update your profile or find a more suitable role.
no, i want to apply anyway


first name



last name



email



telephone



cv upload




                                 
                            

message






or














×
application submitted


you have successfully submitted an application.
back to search
register











contact us
about us
investing in hydrogen group
login
refer a friend or colleague
contractor payment calendar
modern slavery act statement 2017





hydrogen group plc is registered in england and wales, no. 5563206. registered office address: 30-40 eastcheap, london ec3m 1hd. © 2017 hydrogen group plc.   terms of use  privacy policy                












