captech consulting big data engineer | smartrecruiters

big data engineeratlanta, gafull-timecompany descriptioncaptech is an award-winning national management technology-consulting firm with an enterprising, entrepreneurial environment. we have achieved four straight years ranked in the top 10 of consulting magazine’s best firms to work for, including a #5 ranking overall in 2015. additionally, we placed 28th within the vault consulting 50 for the second year in a row, including a #5 ranking in work/life balance.at captech you’ll experience a flat organizational structure with access to constant learning -- where your career path isn’t set in stone, and you have unlimited potential for growth. captech is based upon a culture of mutual respect. we look for, and hire the best. the creatively innovative, the technically insightful, the driven, the self-managed, the value conscious, the caring, and the gracious person – these are all qualities that we look for along with a love and a passion for the work that we do.  job descriptioncaptech big data engineers are tasked with designing and implementing big data solutions for our clients. captech employees enjoy a collaborative environment and have many opportunities to learn from and share knowledge with other captech developers, architects, and our clients.specific responsibilities for the big data engineer position include:design, develop, document, and test big data solutions.understand the challenges being addressed by an engagement and collaborate with team members and clients to deliver a technical solution that meets the unique needs of our clients.create quality deliverables to communicate technical solutions to appropriate audiences.learn continuously, leveraging captech’s training resources and self-directed training, sharing knowledge and skills with others.provide mentoring and leadership to more junior resources.qualificationsspecific qualifications for the senior big data engineer position include:demonstrated growth over 5+ years’ experience working as a data engineer.high level understanding of big frameworks.development experience with big data/nosql platforms, such as hbase, mongodb or apache cassandra.expert knowledge of sql and nosql tools.knowledge of mapreduce and mapreduce generating tools like pig or hive.experience with message buses or real-time event processing platforms is a plus.java development experience.scripting language experience (perl, python etc.).understanding of nosql data modeling.knowledge of how to assess the performance of data solutions, how to diagnose performance problems, and tools used to monitor and tune performance.additional informationwe offer challenging and impactful jobs with professional career paths. all captechers can keep their hands on technology no matter what position they hold. our employees find their work exciting and rewarding in a culture filled with opportunities to have fun along the way.at captech we offer a competitive and comprehensive benefits package including, but not limited to:competitive salary with performance based bonus opportunitiessingle and family health insurance plans, including dental coverageshort-term and long-term disabilitymatching 401(k)competitive paid time offtraining and certification opportunities eligible for expense reimbursementteam building and social activitiesmentor program to help you develop your careerat this time, captech cannot transfer nor sponsor a work visa for this position. applicants must be authorized to work directly for any employer in the united states without visa sponsorship.candidates must be eligible to work in the u.s. for any employer directly (we are not open to contract or “corp to corp” agreements).   captech is an equal opportunity employer.  captech is a drug-free work place. candidates must have the ability to work at captech’s client locations.  all positions include the possibility of travel.captech has not contracted/does not contract with any outside vendors in its recruitment process. if you are interested in this position, please apply to captech directly.i'm interestedi'm interestedrefer a friendshare this jobpowered by