



job application for sr. data scientist, baseball data at mlb advanced media























          apply now
        
sr. data scientist, baseball data

        at mlb advanced media
      
(view all jobs)

        new york, ny
      


mlbam is looking for a senior data scientist for its new york city office. as a senior data scientist at mlbam, you will be a hands-on lead for data science on the baseball data team.  the mlbam baseball data team builds and maintains systems for capturing, storing, processing, distributing and presenting data across baseball.  your primary focus will be on building a data science department to build out predictive models utilizing traditional baseball and statcast data to divine insights into trends that are happening in game, over a season or over the span of careers.  this team will be generating insights for use within our web/mobile properties, for broadcasters and for clubs.  in this role you will partner closely with world-class talent across technical, advanced analytics and subject matter experts to improve our products and make an impact with your insights. you will have some of the richest and most robust data at your fingertips across multiple subject areas (e.g. media streaming data for mlb & its partners, mlb statcast) and an opportunity to work in a fast-paced, collaborative environment.
responsibilities

design, develop and manage large scale, big data-driven predictive models that are integrated with key product features. some examples of projects to be tackled:

a model that determines the type of pitch thrown by the pitcher
a model that predicts the likelihood of an individual batted ball that it will be a hit based on the ballistics of contact.
a model that can automatically suggest the scoring of a play based solely on tracking data.
a model that predicts and informs robotic cameras where the action on the field for instant replay uses
a story generation tool for color commentators highlighting something they have missed a part of their analysis or data to reinforce what they are speaking to.

collaborate with engineering and advanced analytics leads to establish analytic standards and platforms that scale and can be leveraged in various initiatives throughout the organization
ensure that testing and validation is a pervasive component of data science solutions
deliver world class data-driven products in partnership with cross functional teams (product managers, data engineers, software engineers, etc)
communicate complex data science solutions, concepts and the results of analyses in a clear and effective manner to business stakeholders and technology leaders to maximize the effectiveness of data science initiatives.

required skills & experience

you’re a critical thinker with an ability to apply your analytical insights and modeling skills to a specific domain and application
ability to write analytics code that can run in our production environment
experience with amazon web services (or similar cloud services platform)
deep hands-on experience prototyping, building, releasing, and monitoring mission-critical machine learning models in high traffic applications
command of principles of machine learning, statistical analysis, data mining algorithms, and mathematical segmentation and modeling
demonstrated experience in applying machine learning to at least one of the areas: cluster analysis, probabilistic modeling, structured prediction, neural net, or anomaly detection
data wrangler: you know how to move data around, from a database or an api, through a transformation or two, a model and into human-readable form (roc curve, excel chart, map, d3 visualization, tableau, etc.). you probably know python, java, r, storm, julia, sql, matlab, mahout, or think everything can be done in a perl one-liner
advanced knowledge of two or more of the following analytics languages/toolkits: python (strongly preferred; specifically with scipy, numpy, scikit-learn etc), r, sql, sas, spss, or matlab
you're a self-starter that's highly accountable and will take ownership of delivering your work
2+ years of professional experience as a data scientist or equivalent analytics role

strongly preferred

strong understanding of big data concepts and knowledge of big data languages/tools such as hive, pig, mahout or spark (mllib)
experience with machine learning in a distributed setting e.g. with hadoop or spark is a plus
experience with 3d modeling and statistical analysis of 3d models
experience with c++
baseball fan








apply for this job

* required
        











(optional)

almost there! review your information then click 'submit application' to apply.



first name *



last name *



email *



phone *




              location (city)
                *




resume/cv *


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 














cover letter


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 

















linkedin profile
    





website
    





how did you hear about this job? *






are you willing to relocate? *



please selectyes
no


college or university *






desired salary *






website or portfolio
    





 what's your citizenship / employment eligibility? *



please selecti am a u.s. citizen/permanent resident
non-citizen allowed to work for any employer
non-citizen allowed to work for current employer
non-citizen seeking work authorization
i am a canadian citizen/permanent resident


the company maintains an “employment of relatives” policy intended to minimize the risk of real or perceived conflicts of interest. a “relative” is defined as a spouse, domestic partner, brother or sister, parent, child, grandparent, grandchild, great-grandchild, aunt, uncle, niece, nephew, cousin, or in-law or “step” of these family relationships. do you have any relatives currently employed by mlb advanced media? *



--
yes
no




u.s. equal opportunity employment information (completion is voluntary)


  individuals seeking employment at mlb advanced media are considered without regards
  to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical
  or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation. you are
  being given the opportunity to provide the following information in order to help us
  comply with federal and state equal employment opportunity/affirmative action record
  keeping, reporting, and other legal requirements.


  completion of the form is entirely voluntary. whatever your decision,
  it will not be considered in the hiring process or thereafter. any information that you
  do provide will be recorded and maintained in a confidential file.


gender
please selectmale
female
decline to self identify


are you hispanic/latino?
please selectyes
no
decline to self identify


please identify your race
please selectamerican indian or alaskan native
asian
black or african american
hispanic or latino
white
native hawaiian or other pacific islander
two or more races
decline to self identify


      race & ethnicity definitions


  if you believe you belong to any of the categories of protected veterans listed below,
  please indicate by making the appropriate selection.  as a government contractor
  subject to vietnam era veterans readjustment assistance act (vevraa), we request this
  information in order to measure the effectiveness of the outreach and positive
  recruitment efforts we undertake pursuant to vevraa. classification of protected
  categories is as follows:


  a "disabled veteran" is one of the following: a veteran of the u.s. military, ground,
  naval or air service who is entitled to compensation (or who but for the receipt of
  military retired pay would be entitled to compensation) under laws administered by the
  secretary of veterans affairs; or a person who was discharged or released from active
  duty because of a service-connected disability.


  a "recently separated veteran" means any veteran during the three-year period beginning
  on the date of such veteran's discharge or release from active duty in the u.s.
  military, ground, naval, or air service.


  an "active duty wartime or campaign badge veteran" means a veteran who served on active
  duty in the u.s. military, ground, naval or air service during a war, or in a campaign
  or expedition for which a campaign badge has been authorized under the laws
  administered by the department of defense.


  an "armed forces service medal veteran" means a veteran who, while serving on active
  duty in the u.s. military, ground, naval or air service, participated in a united
  states military operation for which an armed forces service medal was awarded pursuant
  to executive order 12985.


veteran status
please selecti am not a protected veteran
i identify as one or more of the classifications of a protected veteran
i don't wish to answer



form cc-305
omb control number 1250-0005
expires 1/31/2020

voluntary self-identification of disability
why are you being asked to complete this form?

  because we do business with the government, we must reach out to, hire, and provide
  equal opportunity to qualified people with disabilities1.  to help us
  measure how well we are doing, we are asking you to tell us if you have a disability or
  if you ever had a disability.  completing this form is voluntary, but we hope that you
  will choose to fill it out.  if you are applying for a job, any answer you give will be
  kept private and will not be used against you in any way.


  if you already work for us, your answer will not be used against you in any way.
  because a person may become disabled at any time, we are required to ask all of our
  employees to update their information every five years.  you may voluntarily
  self-identify as having a disability on this form without fear of any punishment
  because you did not identify as having a disability earlier.

how do i know if i have a disability?

  you are considered to have a disability if you have a physical or mental impairment or
  medical condition that substantially limits a major life activity, or if you have a
  history or record of such an impairment or medical condition.

disabilities include, but are not limited to:

blindness
deafness
cancer
diabetes
epilepsy
autism
cerebral palsy
hiv/aids
schizophrenia
muscular dystrophy
bipolar disorder
major depression
multiple sclerosis (ms)
missing limbs or partially missing limbs
post-traumatic stress disorder (ptsd)
obsessive compulsive disorder
impairments requiring the use of a wheelchair
intellectual disability (previously called mental retardation)


disability status
please selectyes, i have a disability (or previously had a disability)
no, i don't have a disability
i don't wish to answer

reasonable accommodation notice

  federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified
  individuals with disabilities. please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation
  to apply for a job or to perform your job.  examples of reasonable accommodation
  include making a change to the application process or work procedures, providing
  documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using
  specialized equipment.


1section 503 of the rehabilitation act of 1973, as amended.  for more
  information about this form or the equal employment obligations of federal contractors,
  visit the u.s. department of labor's office of federal contract compliance programs
  (ofccp) website at www.dol.gov/ofccp.


  public burden statement:  according to the paperwork reduction act of 1995 no persons
  are required to respond to a collection of information unless such collection displays
  a valid omb control number. this survey should take about 5 minutes to complete.








 



share this job:    













powered by 

 
      read our privacy policy
















