













career in technology, computer careers - cray























jump to navigation



























products




solutions




resources












company




support




contact








search form

search 
blog  |  newsletter  |  careers




















home > company > careers 









careers
careers at cray
initiate. innovate. dedicate. your next is now at cray.














 

browse open jobs
search open jobs
edit your profile
view submitted applications





job details























requisition number
17-0228


title
deep learning scientist


location
us-ca-san jose


other location
wa - seattle / ca - bay area / ny- new york / ma - boston


position type
full-time


description
the deep learning scientist is responsible for driving cray’s strategy within the deep learning developer community.   they continuously evaluate state-of-art deep learning algorithms and advances in dl software frameworks to guide cray’s products.   they
 are an active participant in the community by establishing strong tie-ups with dl experts in academia through collaborations and publicly-funded projects.  in addition they are expected to publish research findings in top conferences and journals and create
 new ip for cray in neural networks.  and finally they act as an evangelist for deep learning within cray and the broader deep learning market


requirements

skills: in depth knowledge and working experience on the various aspects of training and deployment of deep networks experience “in the market” supporting sales cycles, speaking at conferences, developing partnerships, etc.  solid background in numerical
 optimization publication record (e.g. nips, icml, aaai, iclr, kdd) required strong verbal and written communication skills; can convey complex concepts in simple, accessible terms in terms of value for a specific set of customers balance of technical, marketing
 and business acumen sense of urgency: has a bias for action; moves obstacles out of the way quickly project organization and management creative, out of the box thinker: challenges the status quo demonstrated ability to exercise good judgment and communicate
 effectively orally and in writing   qualifications: phd with at least 5 years of experience in computer science or other engineering discipline with focus on deep learning and feature discovery.


in depth knowledge and working experience on the various aspects of training and deployment of neural networks.


experience with popular deep learning frameworks such as tensorflow, caffe and cntk, and preferably direct involvement with the framework developer communities.


we are proud to be an equal opportunity employer including protected veterans and individuals with disabilities.





please view equal employment opportunity posters provided by ofccp 
here.




apply on-line



send this job to a friend


































products






solutions





resources




company




support





contact











© 2008- cray inc., all rights reserved     |     privacy policy · terms of service







cray.com uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website. learn more in our privacy policy.
accept cookies






