




data engineer analyst expert at experian

























skip navigation




consumer
small business
business
more...x


experian site sections

about experian
consumer support
credit advice
global sites









company profile


corporate fact sheet
principal businesses
areas of expertise
corporate responsibility
locations
investor relations



our commitment

our responsibility
our history of service
videos
faqs
resources


press

careers

our culture
our career areas
our opportunities
university relations


events
online community
suppliers
third party technical providers








search jobs




keywords



location




radius
miles
5 miles
15 miles
25 miles
35 miles
50 miles




search experian jobs








data engineer analyst expert
apply now
experian is an equal opportunity employer
job number: 172282
descriptionexperian services is looking for a data engineer analyst expertto join their data science solutions(dss) data intelligence team. this is a unique opportunity to get involved witha variety of information management, analysis projects and documentationprojects. the analyst will be conducting analyses and producing reports basedon data generated from a number of different sources and data formats, bothinternal and external to the company. in addition to information and datareporting projects, the analyst will also be heavily involved in documentationand quality assurance work; operational improvement; documenting processes; developingand maintaining reference and technical guides. this position will alsointeract on a consistent basis with other business/functional analysts, etlanalysts, programmer/analysts, database/data warehouse administrators, and datastewards/functional owners. the candidate will analyze data requirements, studycomplex source data, interpret data, create data models and variables, andcould also assist to determine the best methods to extract and handle largedatasets. the ideal candidate should be able to work well under directsupervision as well as independently by executing a variety of establishedprocedures to accomplish assigned tasks. he/she will use basic and someadvanced analytical, information management, programming, technical andstatistical skills to solve a variety of problems.key responsibilities:coordinates qa tasks of project deliverables.analyzes and confirms the integrity of source data to be evaluated.generates reports following quality control procedures to documentanalysis and model findings.participate in the design sessions. collaborate in the planning, design, development, and deployment of new functionality, and enhancements. develop scripting tools and scripting strategies for deploying code in languages such as sas, sql or c to handle large data repositories based on technical specifications.understand pseudocode and collaborate in the elaboration of complex data structures and programs.create documentation, specifications, diagrams, and charts to provide direction to business and other it teams.maintain technical support documentation and training documents. perform other related duties as assigned. collaborates with internal and external clients to provide projectssupport.manages data and departmental document repository ensuring up-to-dateversions and correct document storage.provides support for project management including internal and externalclient projects.translate complex business requirements into technical solutions. perform data analysis and data modeling to create source to target mappings.meet with decision makers, systems owners, and end users to define business, financial, and operations requirements and goals, and identify and resolve data related issues.assist in setting up for presentations, summarizing meetings and creating related documentation.knowledge, experience & qualificationsminimum job requirements and qualifications:4 years degree in statistics, economics, information management,engineer, computer science, information technology or another related discipline.2+ years of work experience preferably within thefinancialservices.ability to interpret data and to communicate it in both technical anduser-friendly language.proven problem solving and analytical skills.excellent written and oral communication skills. must be able tocommunicate and write in english.proven experience working withunix/linuxis preferred.advanced knowledge and experience in perl or python scriptingprogramming is preferred.advanced excel skills, especially in developing excel macros.proficient in pc desktop applications, including ms office suite.proven experience working withsas and sas programming ispreferred.proven experience working with sql, postgresql, pl/sql and/or pl/pgsqlscripting is preferred.experience in developing best practices and excellent logical,analytical, and creative problem-solving skills. highly self-motivated and directed.ability to effectively prioritize and execute tasks in a high-pressureenvironment. experience working in a team-oriented, collaborative environment.candidates with the following skill sets andqualifications will be given special consideration:master’s degree is a plus. advanced knowledge of sas and sas programming is a plus.good knowledge/understanding of statistical theory and methods is aplus.knowledge and experience in many analytic platforms is a plus. experience working with data science tools like r, rstudio and python isa plus. proven experience working with databases likeoracle, mysql, sql, postgresql,sybase, netezza or db2is a plus.advanced knowledge of unix bash programming is a plus.advanced knowledge and experience of c programming is a plus.
apply now


related content


grow your career in business development



learn what it takes to be successful in business development. hear from our director of business operations.
learn more


10 reasons why i enjoy working in content marketing



get a look inside the content marketing department, with manager stephanie zatyko.
learn more


grow your marketing career and help us succeed



digital marketing coordinator shares insights on what it’s like to work alongside her talented team.
learn more







know someone who may be interested in this job? share it on your social networks.

facebook
twitter
linkedin
email


close xshow more 

experian employees:

enter your email to refer a friend!


email address


submit





related jobs



data scientist senior
, costa mesa , california, san diego , california, atlanta , georgia, indianapolis , indiana




statistics analyst
, costa mesa , california, atlanta , georgia, indianapolis , indiana





about this location

view map


join our experian talent network
join here to receive the latest company information, news and upcoming events across experian.











join today


sign up for job alerts


follow us for the latest updates

facebook
twitter
linkedin
youtube








legal terms & conditions
privacy policy
ad choices
press
careers
investor relations
online community
sitemap
contact us

©2017 experian information solutions, inc. experian marketing services all
        	rights reserved.
experian and the experian marks used herein are service marks or registered trademarks of
        	experian informations solutions, inc. other product and company names mentioned herein are the
        	property of their respective owners.
















