





senior engineer – machine learning – spotify jobs
















































job categories
locations
backstage
students
search jobs













job categories
locations
backstage
students
search jobs













senior engineer – machine learning

data & analytics / machine learning in new york, usa 



spotify is looking for a senior machine learning engineer to join our team. you will work on a variety of problems such as content recommendation, personalization, optimization, user intelligence, and content classification. you will work with a team to come up with new and interesting hypotheses, test them, and scale them up to huge data sets with hundreds of billions of data points. above all, your work will impact the way the world experiences music.  what you’ll do

apply machine learning, collaborative filtering, nlp, and deep learning methods to massive data sets
prototype new algorithms, evaluate with small scale experiments, and later productionize solutions at scale to our 75 million active users
collaborate with a cross functional agile team of software engineers, data engineers, ml experts, and others to build new product features
help drive optimization, testing and tooling to improve data quality
iterate on recommendation quality through continuous a/b testing
work from our office in new york or boston

who you are

ph.d. or m.sc. in machine learning, or related field preferred
you have experience implementing machine learning systems at scale in java, scala, python or similar (not just r or matlab)
you have a strong mathematical background in statistics and machine learning
you care about agile software processes, data-driven development, reliability, and responsible experimentation
you preferably have experience with data processing and storage frameworks like hadoop, scalding, spark, storm, cassandra, kafka, etc.
you preferably have machine learning publications or work on open source to share with us

we are proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination. we strongly believe that diversity of experience, perspectives, and background will lead to a better environment for our employees and a better product for our users and our creators. this is something we value deeply and we encourage everyone to come be a part of changing the way the world listens to music.




share

						save					







apply now







similar jobs








job
category
location






data engineer



analytics, data & analytics, engineering & it, software engineering 

london, uk 




product insights manager – advertising product and platforms



data & analytics, design & ux, product design, user research 

new york, usa 




user researcher



data & analytics, design & ux, product design, user research 

stockholm, sweden 




user researcher



data & analytics, design & ux, product design, user research 

boston, usa 











							more jobs						







related content







 

								data & analytics							
see more jobs in data & analytics.





 

								new york							
see more jobs in new york.








spotify
company

about
press
news


communities

for artists
developers
brands


useful links

help
gift
web player








instagram





twitter





facebook





linkedin






legal
cookies


© 2017 spotify ab  |  powered by wordpress.com vip

powered by wordpress.com vip












