


data scientist (hedge fund) | averity































view all jobs

visit our website
 


data scientist (hedge fund)
 averity
 - new york, ny



we are bringing on a data scientist to join our growing hedge fund here in manhattan.  what is the job? the data scientist on our team will be utilizing their data science and machine learning skills to develop models and to do long-term forecasting for investment strategies that will drive our fund's performance. we are located in midtown manhattan in a beautiful office filled with a world-class team that values work/life balance and a great workplace environment. you will be working under a more senior data scientist in our small data team. we are interested in having you explore different techniques to develop your models including nlp, neural networks, deep learning, bayesian analysis, etc...  our philosophy is that you should use what works, so there is no specific tech stack or technology that you must use (although our data is stored in a microsoft sql server environment). your long-term goal as a data scientist in our company is to use traditional and non-traditional data to develop long-term trading strategies. we are not looking for someone to develop high-frequency or intraday trading: we are focused on the long term.  compensation • $175,000 - $225,000 (total compensation) • complete health coverage for our employees including medical, dental and vision • we offer a great 401(k) package • amazing work/life balance what skills do you need? • financial experience is not needed • masters or ph.d. in a stem field • it would be great if you have experience in one or more of the following fields: nlp, neural networks, deep learning, bayesian analysis, etc . . . what's in it for you? this is great opportunity for a long-term career with a premiere hedge fund in new york. our employees love it here, and we have very little turnover. if you come interview with us, we will sell you on our culture and the future of our company.  
posted on: wednesday, december 13, 2017						
compensation: $175,000 - $225,000
				

					
tagged: 
data science 










position contact


matt stabile
data science and engineering manager
(646) 828-6029
new york, ny


 
				apply to this job
		
























email




phone









or





			submitting
			






 



new york, ny •  info@averityteam.com


powered by crelate





