livestories sr. data scientist | smartrecruiters

sr. data scientistseattle, wafull-timecompany descriptionlivestories is a venture-backed company building modern tools to make civic data actionable and usable. governments - world’s largest sector - depend on livestories to be more data-driven, transparent, and productive. businesses, schools, and researchers depend on livestories to streamline their data operations. our customers are located as far as kenya or as close as washington and california. you can find the latest coverage about livestories here: https://www.livestories.com/news/we love data and believe in its power to transform how we live, work, and play. we obsess over simplifying access to data, so that anyone can gather insights. we look for people who can demonstrate versatility and creativity in working with data. if you obsess over changing the world, and are passionate about open data, cool data visualizations, data-driven business, high velocity sales, and sim city, we would love to talk to you.job descriptiondata is eating the world, yet it remains beyond most people. livestories is looking for creative, self-motivated senior data scientist who are passionate about making complex data accessible to everyday people. you will be responsible for developing and testing algorithms and models against our data library. you will work with the data engineers to scale and deploy the solutions. you will need to balance engineering great features and shipping regular updates. as an early data science hire at a small company that is growing quickly, this role requires leadership, ambition, grit, and a healthy amount of patience. you must be comfortable advocating for your ideas and occasionally stepping out of your job description to move the company forward. qualificationsminimum qualifications:5+ years of experience as a data scientist, data engineer, machine learning engineer, or similar role. ms or phd in statistics, mathematics, economics, computer science, a related quantitative field, or equivalent experience.you value and utilizes the scientific methoddeep understanding of foundational machine learning models for both structured and unstructured data (e.g. regression, decision trees, neural nets, topic modeling, etc.). experience building scalable, cloud-based data infrastructure (databases, pipelines) using one or more of the following: sqlite, postgresql, mongodb, redis.expert-level skills in python (incl. pandas, numpy, scikit-learn), sql, spark, aws, elasticsearch, as well as familiarity with unix-based systems.clear and precise communicator, able to translate machine learning concepts into layman’s terms when required.creative thinker / avid problem solver / naturally curious.experience building data-driven solutions for unstructured business problems.preferred qualifications:experience writing html, javascript for data visualizations a plus.background or experience with public sector or open data. additional informationour benefits include:competitive, performance based compensation in a growing, disruptive startuphealth, dental, and vision benefits flexible vacation policy including paid vacation3-day weekendsan incredible team of diverse, smart, dedicated, and supportive peoplei'm interestedi'm interestedrefer a friendposted byhr teamshare this jobpowered by