



job application for senior data engineer at mailchimp






















          apply now
        
senior data engineer

        at mailchimp
      
(view all jobs)

        atlanta
      


mailchimp is the world’s largest marketing automation platform. millions of businesses use mailchimp to design and send a billion emails a day. we empower small businesses with a suite of powerful and easy-to-use email, marketing automation, and analytics tools that integrate with hundreds of popular applications and services.
mailchimp’s operations team is responsible for infrastructure that makes that possible. team members work closely with our development, marketing, and data research teams to provide the infrastructure needed to move the company and our products forward. we take a pragmatic and practical approach to our stacks; we use proven components and build our own logic and complexity on top of well understood building blocks. we are growing fast and need people who can help advance our infrastructure to deal with the needs of today and tomorrow. 
we are seeking an experienced engineer who would be part of the data engineering team. this senior data engineer candidate will have a strong history of linux experience, significant experience with establishing data platforms and pipelines to meet business intelligence and production needs. our data platform today consists of mysql, elasticsearch, kafka and postgres and we are looking into the future at other analytic infrastructure options.  
responsibilities 

design, build, optimize, and support systems for storing, aggregating, and analyzing large amounts of data in mysql, elasticsearch, and other analytics infrastructure.
ensure that internal customers can self service their needs and reduce the need for data engineers to do manual work to free them to be helpful with customers.
improve and maintain our data pipeline infrastructure on kafka and help improve its performance and reliability.
work closely with internal teams to ensure that their current and future and reporting needs are met.
work with data science, data research, marketing, and delivery teams to support their customer-facing and research needs
participate in on-call rotations with the data engineering team

requirements

experience designing and building out big data infrastructure for various business use cases, production facing as well as internal business analytics.
operational experience with elasticsearch including: query tuning, data recovery, monitoring, performance optimization, capacity planning, and schema design
experience with kafka pipeline supporting 100k/s +
production and development experience with mysql; multi-tiered and multi-master replication, large instance dataset (4tb)/table count (1mln+)  support, data warehousing query optimization
kernel and jvm tuning
telemetry and monitoring experience
centos support and admin experience
scripting and coding (python, bash, php, go, ruby, java)
building systems with configuration management tools
familiarity with other infrastructure pieces of our stacks (nginx, mysql, redis, kafka)

bonus points for

experience with puppet profiles, roles, and other patterns needed for large scale configuration management implementations 

mailchimp is a founder-owned, highly profitable, and private company. we offer our 700+ employees an exceptional workplace, extremely competitive compensation, fully paid benefits (for employees and their families), and generous profit sharing. we hire humble, collaborative, and ambitious people, and give them endless opportunities to grow and succeed. 
we love our hometown and support sustainable urban renewal. our headquarters is in the historic ponce city market, right on the atlanta beltline. if you'd like to be considered for this position, please apply below. we look forward to meeting you!
mailchimp is an equal opportunity employer, and we value diversity at our company. we don't discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.







apply for this job

* required
        


first name *



last name *



email *



phone




              location (city)
            



resume/cv *


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 














cover letter


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 

















are you a current mailchimp employee? *



--
yes
no


linkedin profile
    





website
    





how did you hear about this job?
    





what makes you unique?
    






what's your citizenship / employment eligibility?  *



please selecti am a u.s. citizen/permanent resident
non-citizen allowed to work for any employer
non-citizen allowed to work for current employer
non-citizen seeking work authorization
i am a canadian citizen/permanent resident
other




u.s. equal opportunity employment information (completion is voluntary)


  individuals seeking employment at mailchimp are considered without regards
  to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical
  or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation. you are
  being given the opportunity to provide the following information in order to help us
  comply with federal and state equal employment opportunity/affirmative action record
  keeping, reporting, and other legal requirements.


  completion of the form is entirely voluntary. whatever your decision,
  it will not be considered in the hiring process or thereafter. any information that you
  do provide will be recorded and maintained in a confidential file.


gender
please selectmale
female
decline to self identify


are you hispanic/latino?
please selectyes
no
decline to self identify


please identify your race
please selectamerican indian or alaskan native
asian
black or african american
hispanic or latino
white
native hawaiian or other pacific islander
two or more races
decline to self identify


      race & ethnicity definitions


  if you believe you belong to any of the categories of protected veterans listed below,
  please indicate by making the appropriate selection.  as a government contractor
  subject to vietnam era veterans readjustment assistance act (vevraa), we request this
  information in order to measure the effectiveness of the outreach and positive
  recruitment efforts we undertake pursuant to vevraa. classification of protected
  categories is as follows:


  a "disabled veteran" is one of the following: a veteran of the u.s. military, ground,
  naval or air service who is entitled to compensation (or who but for the receipt of
  military retired pay would be entitled to compensation) under laws administered by the
  secretary of veterans affairs; or a person who was discharged or released from active
  duty because of a service-connected disability.


  a "recently separated veteran" means any veteran during the three-year period beginning
  on the date of such veteran's discharge or release from active duty in the u.s.
  military, ground, naval, or air service.


  an "active duty wartime or campaign badge veteran" means a veteran who served on active
  duty in the u.s. military, ground, naval or air service during a war, or in a campaign
  or expedition for which a campaign badge has been authorized under the laws
  administered by the department of defense.


  an "armed forces service medal veteran" means a veteran who, while serving on active
  duty in the u.s. military, ground, naval or air service, participated in a united
  states military operation for which an armed forces service medal was awarded pursuant
  to executive order 12985.


veteran status
please selecti am not a protected veteran
i identify as one or more of the classifications of a protected veteran
i don't wish to answer



form cc-305
omb control number 1250-0005
expires 1/31/2020

voluntary self-identification of disability
why are you being asked to complete this form?

  because we do business with the government, we must reach out to, hire, and provide
  equal opportunity to qualified people with disabilities1.  to help us
  measure how well we are doing, we are asking you to tell us if you have a disability or
  if you ever had a disability.  completing this form is voluntary, but we hope that you
  will choose to fill it out.  if you are applying for a job, any answer you give will be
  kept private and will not be used against you in any way.


  if you already work for us, your answer will not be used against you in any way.
  because a person may become disabled at any time, we are required to ask all of our
  employees to update their information every five years.  you may voluntarily
  self-identify as having a disability on this form without fear of any punishment
  because you did not identify as having a disability earlier.

how do i know if i have a disability?

  you are considered to have a disability if you have a physical or mental impairment or
  medical condition that substantially limits a major life activity, or if you have a
  history or record of such an impairment or medical condition.

disabilities include, but are not limited to:

blindness
deafness
cancer
diabetes
epilepsy
autism
cerebral palsy
hiv/aids
schizophrenia
muscular dystrophy
bipolar disorder
major depression
multiple sclerosis (ms)
missing limbs or partially missing limbs
post-traumatic stress disorder (ptsd)
obsessive compulsive disorder
impairments requiring the use of a wheelchair
intellectual disability (previously called mental retardation)


disability status
please selectyes, i have a disability (or previously had a disability)
no, i don't have a disability
i don't wish to answer

reasonable accommodation notice

  federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified
  individuals with disabilities. please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation
  to apply for a job or to perform your job.  examples of reasonable accommodation
  include making a change to the application process or work procedures, providing
  documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using
  specialized equipment.


1section 503 of the rehabilitation act of 1973, as amended.  for more
  information about this form or the equal employment obligations of federal contractors,
  visit the u.s. department of labor's office of federal contract compliance programs
  (ofccp) website at www.dol.gov/ofccp.


  public burden statement:  according to the paperwork reduction act of 1995 no persons
  are required to respond to a collection of information unless such collection displays
  a valid omb control number. this survey should take about 5 minutes to complete.








 



share this job:    













powered by 

 
      read our privacy policy
















