



vulcan inc. careers - principal software engineer - machine learning



























 












                principal software engineer - machine learning
    
    

                            technology            
                    seattle,
                            washington
                
                        



        apply
    


description

vulcan inc. is looking for a  machine learning expert, who will help us tackle challenging problems in conservation, climate change, bioinformatics, and artificial intelligence. at vulcan, you’ll join a top-notch technology team that is dedicated to solving some of the world’s toughest problems. your analytical and technical skills will make a difference: you will work on projects that are making a real impact on the lives of others.artificial intelligence/deep learning is making a major impact across research and industry, including the largest internet companies and the most exciting startups. this position offers unique opportunity to have a large impact across the philanthropy and emerging technology groups in an agile environment.the candidate is expected to lead the artificial intelligence/machine/deep learning architecture team to define innovative solutions for philanthropy and emerging technology problems, to extend the state of the art in deep learning performance and efficiency, analyze and prototype key deep learning and data analytics algorithms and applications, understand and analyze the interplay of hardware and software architectures on future algorithms and applications, and collaborate across vulcan to guide the direction of machine learning working across product, project, and other technology teams. qualificationsto perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. the requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.requiredms or phd degree in computer science, artificial intelligence, machine learning, or related technical fieldstrong theoretical and hands-on experience in machine/deep learning, artificial intelligence, and computer vision experience with one or more open-source ml/dl frameworks: e.g. caffe, tensorflow, etcpractical experience in using statistics in analyzing and processing dataproven track record of delivering solutions for challenging problemsexceptional and effective verbal and written communication skills.exceptional attention to detail and organizational skills.nice to have:research publicationsexceptional project management skills.partner with stakeholders and clients to ensure business practices and operational support are consistent with company and organizational objectivesspecial remarks regarding work environment, if applicable travel estimated to be 10%vulcan is an equal opportunity employer that values diversity at our company. we encourage people from all walks of life to apply without regard to race, age, gender, religion, disability, lgbtq status, or any other characteristic protected by law.  our management team does not tolerate discrimination or harassment at any point during our employees’ and applicants’ time with us, especially with respect to recruitment, hiring, placement, promotion, transfer, training, compensation, benefits, employee activities, and general treatment during employment. if you need accommodation during the application or hiring process, please contact human resources at jobs@vulcan.com or your recruiter.




        apply
    

        apply later    


            ← back to current openings        




share





linkedin




facebook




twitter




email






similar jobs





                                    {{ job.title }}
                                












powered by jobvite









