conga software development engineer - machine learning | smartrecruiters

software development engineer - machine learning801 2nd ave, seattle, wa 98104, usafull-timecompany descriptionconga’s suite of solutions creates more efficient organizations by simplifying and automating data, documents, contracts and reporting. as the provider of the #1 paid application on the salesforce appexchange, we have more than a decade of experience increasing the value of the sales cloud by removing systems and process pain points that impede the customer lifecycle. our 8000+ customers are passionate about our platform and support giving us 5 stars on the salesforce appexchange.conga offers a fast-paced, dynamic environment for professionals looking to help build and enhance a seamless customer experience. our top of the line product suite, dedicated employees, and proven leadership team provide a solid foundation to support our continued growth and success. we offer competitive compensation and benefits, including 100% paid health insurance for employees, 401k plan, generous pto schedule, and lots of additional perks!  job descriptionwe are looking a passionate and talented software developer with solid knowledge of machine learning (ml) to join the conga engineering team. you will play a key role in building out the ml infrastructure that powers feature across the entire suite of conga products. you will be responsible for the end-to-end development of these features over the full software development lifecycle, from requirements gathering and design to testing. applicants should have a proven record of building scalable, enterprise-grade applications with the emphasis on machine learning. this position will work out of our seattle, wa office. we are not seeking a remote employee.responsibilities: to architect, design and build machine learning (ml)-focused full-stack solutions which are seamlessly integrated with conga’s existing features and customer experience.create and maintain machine learning models with a focus on natural language processing (nlp).assess the effectiveness of those models and improve their performance over time.integrate these new technologies and software engineering tools into existing platform.exercising strong communication, collaboration, and ownership of code and projects.advocating and driving adoption of architecture standards, reusable code, and design best practices.strong desire to learn and master new technologies and frameworks.qualificationsbachelor’s degree in computer science or equivalent experience and 3+ years of experience in the data engineering / machine learning area.knowledge of industry standards and trends in big data and machine learning.strong machine learning and algorithmic background with a broad understanding of supervised and unsupervised approaches.strong design and development experience (e.g. java, python, c# or similar).experience with machine-learning techniques (e.g. maximum entropy, neural networks and deep learning) and libraries (e.g. opennlp, tensorflow).knowledge and experience with traditional and non-traditional database technology is very desirable (e.g. mysql, postgres, dynamodb, etc.)experience with building restful service architectures.cloud experience preferred – aws or similar.knowledge or experience with contract lifecycle management (clm) a plus.salesforce force.com development experience would also be advantageous.additional informationall your information will be kept confidential according to eeo guidelines.job locationi'm interestedi'm interestedrefer a friendposted bylindsay bowmanshare this jobpowered by