

















microsoft careers: my job details






skip to main content





































                this site uses cookies for analytics, personalized content and ads. by continuing to browse this site, you agree to this use.
            learn more















 microsoft careers
















sign in


















account central

apply history

help center

job alerts

job watch list

recommended jobs

resumes


















welcome!









if you have an existing microsoft careers account, sign in below. if you are new to the site, create a microsoft careers account by clicking on one of the following:













microsoft


linkedin


google


facebook




cancel










working at microsoft 


benefits and perks


businesses and teams


mission and culture


office locations




students and graduates 


apply


events and webinars


find your recruiter


international opportunities


programs




find a job 


students and graduates


industry professionals




things to do 


create a careers account


explore recommended jobs


locate events and webinars


find your recruiter


review interview tips





working at linkedin
































 applied scientist ii









we are part of microsoft ai & research group connecting applied research to consumer and enterprise products. specifically, we work on three end-product initiatives -- (1) free form question-answering system that powers bing and cortana (2) algorithms to bring the most relevant search results for user queries on bing.com and (3 ) powering machine reading comprehension for microsoft's enterprise products.  these end products impact hundreds of millions of users and we are looking for strong candidates to join our team in our endeavor to bring deep learning powered ai to our customers. in terms of technology, we work on all facets of deep learning including, but not limited to, rnn, cnn, vae, gan, transfer learning and reinforcement learning. with the power of truly big data and end user applications used by millions, we aim to reshape how people interact with technology in their daily life to make them more productive both at home and work. we are hiring extremely talented and highly motivated applied scientists with expertise in machine learning, deep learning, natural language processing, data mining and large scale distributed computation. we expect candidates to be part of fast-cycle, high visibility projects where they drive projects from incubation to shipping to our end users. we are hiring at all levels of deep learning experience.our scientists have the following attributes:• strong ability and effectiveness working in a significant technical problem domain, in the term of plan, design, execution, continuous release and service operation• passionate and self-motivated• ability to effectively work on multiple projects in a collaborative environment• good communication skills, both written and verbal• strong ability in self-learning, entering new domain, managing through uncertainty in an innovative team environment  &nbsp   requirements: • master’s degree in computer science, engineering, physics or applied mathematics. phd preferred. • 2+ years of experience in the areas of machine learning, deep learning, information retrieval, natural language processing or data mining• 2+ years of experience using c++, c# or java• 2+ years of experience working with massive database applications, parallel or distributed processing, high performance computing or large-scale data mining• 2+ years of experience with hadoop, dryad or similar distributed systemsmicrosoft is an equal opportunity employer. all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. if you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com.









job #






306920
1065376







locations





united states, bellevue (wa)






job families





data & applied sciences (engineering)






products and technologies





bing






teams





ai & research










bing. join the team that brings less searching and more doing.








































apply
when you complete this final step in the application process, your resume will be sent to staffing and you will get an email confirmation of submission. you may be contacted directly be a recuiter if there is a match. 


select resume
the resume you have selected will be used for the below job openings.




edit this resume

create new resume













the resume noted above will be used for applying to the position(s) listed in the table. please make sure that these are the openings you are interested in.
are you ready to proceed with submitting your resume for the above position(s)?





affirmative action information


microsoft is committed to a diverse work environment and this commitment is demonstrated, in part, through its affirmative action program. to assist us in meeting this commitment, we encourage you to complete the below information for our records. this information is solicited from all individuals applying for u.s. - based positions with microsoft, as required by u.s. law. completion of this section is strictly voluntary. declining to provide this information will not result in any adverse treatment of your application for employment. the ethnicity/race categories listed below are defined by the u.s. equal employment opportunity commission.





gender

malefemaledecline to state



race/ethnicity
view definitions
close definitions









what prompted you to apply to microsoft?






























































        to confirm that you are a person and not an automated program, please enter all the characters you see in the image. you can avoid this by signing in.
        


				
            notes:your computer must be able to play audio in wav format. the audio file is intentionally distorted to prevent automated programs from reading it. if the file plays in another program, remember the numbers, return to this page, and then type them in the field.
        
			









play audio































            update contact information?

some of the contact information you just provided is different from what we have in your existing microsoft careers account. do you want us to update your account with the latest information?











            great! updates to your account have been saved.









you need a resume to apply


to apply for this job, you must to submit a resume. 


if you already have a saved resume,
sign in













            the selected job(s) were added to your job watch list
        













feedback





x












get started


explore recommended jobs


search jobs


manage job alerts


manage resumes




life at microsoft


diversity


jobsblog


news center


stories


the fire hose


women at microsoft




tips and tools


apply history


frequently asked questions


help center


interview tips


job watch list




connect with us





































legal
privacy
contact us
©2017 microsoft





















