





marketing research manager - philadelphia, pa - national board of medical examiners jobs









 














home
jobs




marketing research manager - philadelphia, pa

toggle navigation








marketing research manager 

jobslogin 











 philadelphia, pa, usa salary full time 



email me similar jobs email me this job



company overview
the nbme is an independent, not-for-profit organization that provides high-quality examinations for the health professions. protection of the health of the public through state-of-the-art assessment of health professionals is the mission of the nbme, along with a major commitment to research and development in evaluation and measurement. the nbme was founded in 1915 because of the need for a voluntary, nationwide examination that medical licensing authorities could accept as the standard by which to judge candidates for medical licensure. since that time, it has continued without interruption to provide high-quality examinations for this purpose and has become a model and a resource of international stature in testing methodologies and evaluation in medicine. although the nbme's mission is centered on assessment of physicians, it encompasses the spectrum of health professionals along the continuum of education, training, and practice and includes research in evaluation as well as development of assessment instruments.
the nbme has nearly 500 employees and is located in philadelphia's university city neighborhood, home to some of the country's most esteemed universities, nonprofit research institutes, and research and teaching hospitals.
position overview
the market research manager is responsible for using leading market research techniques to develop actionable insights to guide business strategies in support of nbme objectives.  market research learning will help drive externally-focused thinking and enable nbme to internalize and use these critical insights to grow and protect our brands and products.
position duties
duties include, but are not limited to, the following:

conducting and managing market research to inform innovation and new product development (npd).

use desktop research and industry publications to understand trends and behaviors to determine best opportunities for growth. 
work with npd group to set market research agenda for npd/innovation efforts and identify and manage external vendors. 
determine best research methodology for effective execution of agenda. 
drive change and growth through innovation best practices such as ethnography, external orientation, and insight development. 
help link insights to action, and aid in the assessment of new product feasibility as part of the stage-gate process.
conducting and managing primary and secondary market research to inform strategy and business decisions for existing lines of business.



 

set market research agenda and identify and manage external vendors. 

determine best research methodology for effective execution of agenda. 
generate deep insights to help grow existing business; clearly understand consumer/customer needs, behaviors and motivations and activate that understanding to enable externally focused business choices; uncover, interpret, and champion consumer/customer insights to enable winning brand strategies, communication and marketing plans.



 

ongoing monitoring of the competitive landscape

use desktop research and other sources to monitor the competitive landscape at a corporate and product level. 
keep organization informed of market and market changes through regular reporting.



 

manage marketing analyst.
stay current on new and leading-edge techniques and vendors.

deliverables:

market research agenda.
design of primary and secondary market research activities (in conjunction with market research vendors).
translate market research findings into concise and actionable insights.
presentations/reports with actionable recommendations based on the outcomes of market research.
regular reports to provide a snapshot of the competitive landscape (including trends) with implications for the business.

requirements & experience
skills and abilities: 

three years' experience conducting marketing research initiatives and analysis (both quantitative and qualitative).
demonstrated ability in building & developing market research studies.
proficiency with research methodology.
statistical qualification not required, but comfort with data analysis is essential (ability to synthesize and analyze market data and market research findings).
ability to develop strategic partnerships with key internal stakeholders.
strong verbal and written communication skills.
knowledge of ms office products.

 
education:

bachelor's degree in market research, sociology, statistics, business, or a related field. 

 
the nbme offers competitive salaries, excellent benefits, and a rewarding work environment.
nbme is an eeo employer as defined by the eeoc.  

national board of medical examiners
https://nbme.applicantpro.com






apply now



you have javascript disabled on your browser. you will not be able to apply for this position without enabling javascript. if you need assistance with enabling javascript, please click here for assistance.





 

* fields are required




what is your full name?




first name



last name





how can we contact you?


email





phone number



number type

home
cell
work






what is your preferred method of communication?


email
text message






apply for this position
apply for this position
by clicking the button above, i agree to applicantpro's applicant information use policy. 






sign up for job alerts!








resources


nbme websitebenefitsnbme is an eeo employer as defined by the eeoc. 


share this page







 


 


hiring software maintained by applicantpro - © 2017



refresh




 
 
 
 







go
common questions


















