


        customer strategy analyst -        sidecar -         job board
    

























 






view our website



view all jobs















we’re on the hunt for top talent! take a look at our job openings to see if you're a fit. 



customer strategy analyst


philadelphia, pa                    

full time                

customer strategy                    

mid level                


















overview:
we’re looking for an analyst to join our rapidly growing customer strategy team. as an  analyst, you will be exposed to all facets of the business and be encouraged to learn and develop skills both within and beyond your role. you’ll be working in one of the most collaborative offices in center city philly, developing and working with machine learning technology, surrounded by passionate, high-performing individuals.
 
qualifications:
the analyst candidate is an intelligent, motivated person that enjoys working with data. the ideal candidate is:

analytical by nature, with experience working in an analyst capacity
a wizard with microsoft excel -- including strong command over formulas, v lookups, pivot tables, etc
passionate about using data skills to solve complex problems and identify new opportunities
encouraged by challenges, not fearful of them
experienced in sql, or have the ability to pick it up quickly
knowledgeable about e-commerce and digital analytics (experience with adwords preferred)
excited to collaborate in a team setting
able to work in a fast-paced, start-up environment -- and capable of tackling new data challenges thrown your way

 
responsibilities:

analyze key metrics of online marketing campaigns for some of the largest e-commerce brands in the world
provide high-level oversight of client performance and account status
prepare client reporting and quarterly business reviews to align sidecar value and client expectations
use excel, sql, r to pull and analyze data
work closely with strategic account managers to uncover optimization opportunities through data analysis
extract data from several external sources -- google analytics, google adwords, comparison shopping engines, and microsoft adcenter
use data to expose awesome new opportunities for technology improvements and exposing them to our product and tech teams

 
who we are:
sidecar built a technology from the ground up that’s dedicated to one mission: tackle the challenges retailers face in data-driven e-commerce channels. based on advanced machine learning algorithms and deep data science expertise, our technology digests and analyzes massive, real-time datasets, allowing it to spot trends and continually improve campaigns for google shopping, facebook dynamic ads, and bing shopping.
these channels are changing every day—and have become too complex and competitive to manage manually or with outdated technologies. they require automated, sophisticated, and ever-evolving technology to stay ahead. that’s what sidecar is all about. we’re proud to work with retailers of all sizes and verticals in the u.s. and abroad, including under armour, crate & barrel, and boscov’s, to name a few.
as a company, we’re a group of energetic people who work hard to make a lasting impact in the rapidly evolving world of e-commerce marketing. and our work is paying off—we are quickly becoming a tech leader and the go-to partner for e-commerce marketing pros.
our open-floor work environment and slack-enabled team encourages collaboration, creativity, and growth as individuals and as a company. many of us come from e-commerce, statistical, or start-up backgrounds, but we certainly welcome talent with outside perspective and experience. we believe in regular company social events inspire friendships and strengthen our bond.
 
benefits: 

competitive salary, based on experience
medical, dental, and vision coverage
company-paid disability life insurance
a company 401(k) plan
unlimited pto (our policy is simple, respect your team, and take time off when you need it)
flexible schedule
choose your flavor of device: mac, windows, linux
pre-tax deductions of public transportation costs for your commute
discounted gym membership
team and social events

 

read more



apply for position








            apply for this position        
required*



apply with linkedin







apply with indeed









first name*



last name*



email address*



phone*



resume*

attach resume
                    or
                    paste resume



                        attach resume as .pdf, .doc, or .docx (limit 2mb) or
                        paste resume


 




                            paste your resume here or
                            attach resume file









have you ever been convicted of a felony?*
no answernoyes 

if “yes”, you have been convicted of a felony, please explain the circumstances around the conviction:*




submit application














×close
forward this position





recipient email address (one)



your name



your email address



enter a message (optional)
the message cannot contain links




human check*




















powered by















