

norc career central - norc at the university of chicago



























 






learn more about norc at www.norc.org 




homeall jobsabout usresearch and surveyinterviewer positionsinformation technologyfinance & administration



 

search current openingsupdate your profilecreate a job agentupdate job agent
  



your user session will timeout in 5 minutes.  please click ok to continue with your application.

















					survey specialist - public health research
				


						tracking code
					

						2017268 
					

						job description
					

norc at the university of chicago seeks a survey specialist to join our public health research department to work on a variety of projects, including a multimode longitudinal survey of approximately 3,100 individuals over 5 years that will examine any changes in gambling behaviors after the introduction of casinos within their state. this position will be located in our downtown chicago office.
 
responsibilities

assisting with all aspects of survey research projects with a primary focus on data collection and analysis of operational measures;
helping develop data collection procedures; prepare computer assisted interview specifications and test survey systems; and prepare training and data collection materials
prepare quantitative reports to help monitor data collection productivity and quality; and conduct ad hoc data analyses with ability to summarize information into tables, graphs, and text;
serving as the liaison to the data collection staff (telephone-based and in-person) and the data preparation center and/or the information technology project staff.



						required experience
					


bachelors' degree in the social sciences or related field
1-2 years of experience in a social science research environment (including internships)
background in survey and/or health related research preferred
experience with quantitative analysis using sas or spss preferred
understanding of systems design and implementation
knowledge of data collection and data flow processes
must have effective verbal and written communication skills, strong organizational skills with ability to multi-task, and strong attention to detail.

 
benefits
to review the benefits associated with this position, click here.
 
about norc  
norc at the university of chicago is an objective, non-partisan research institution that delivers reliable data and rigorous analysis to guide critical programmatic, business, and policy decisions. since 1941, norc has conducted groundbreaking studies, created and applied innovative methods and tools, and advanced principles of scientific integrity and collaboration. today, government, corporate, and nonprofit clients around the world partner with norc to transform increasingly complex information into useful knowledge.
 
norc conducts research in five main areas: economics, markets, and the workforce; education, training, and learning; global development; health and well-being; and society, media, and public affairs.
 
we provide comprehensive and integrated services that span the research cycle, and offer solutions that anticipate and address critical needs in research and data science. we approach all work with deep technical expertise, a spirit of collaboration, and a commitment to scientific integrity. 
 
a tradition of excellence
as one of the oldest not-for-profit, academic research organizations in the united states, and through its affiliation with the university of chicago, norc maintains the highest standard of professional excellence and scientific rigor, and is committed to broad dissemination of its findings.
 
a passion for innovation 
norc’s subject matter experts and survey professionals develop and employ innovative study designs, research methods, and technical applications to derive meaningful and accurate results.
 
a commitment to collegiality
norc cultivates an interdisciplinary culture of achievement in which senior investigators from diverse fields and professional backgrounds collaborate with the next generation of researchers in an open, collegial environment.
 
norc is an affirmative action, equal opportunity employer that values and actively seeks diversity in the workforce. norc evaluates qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, and other legally- protected characteristics.


						job location
					

						chicago, illinois, united states
					

						position type
					

						full-time/regular
					





							apply
						











								share
							






















					return to job listings
				








| site map |    © copyright 2011 norc at the university of chicago











