


working at here | take your career further |r&d engineer intern - cto research















































please enable cookies to continue
please enable cookies in your browser to experience all the personalized features of this site, including the ability to apply for a job.







welcome page







returning candidate?

log back in!












r&d engineer intern - cto research


job locations

us-il-chicago





requisition id

2017-19227


category

research & software developmnt









overview






here technologies, the open location platform company, enables people, enterprises and cities to harness the power of location. by making sense of the world through the lens of location we empower our customers to achieve better outcomes – from helping a city manage its infrastructure or an enterprise optimize its assets to delivering drivers to their destination safely. to learn more about here, including our new generation of cloud-based location platform services, visit http://360.here.com.we are looking for a full time intern with strong background in computer science and machine learning to join the cto research team in summer 2018.the candidate will develop and implement algorithms to extract information from massive amounts of spatial trajectories and other location data generated by smartphones, cars, and other devices.the candidate must be able to work effectively in a multidisciplinary team environment focused on innovation and be able to learn and integrate complementary technologies outside their specific area of expertise.








responsibilities






develop and apply machine learning models for information extraction from location dataprototype and implement scalable and reliable machine learning algorithmscommunicate new results and insights within the cto research team








qualifications






preferred: experience with deep learning algorithms and librariesph.d. or masters student in computer science,  mathematics, statistics, or a related fieldproven ability to quickly prototype in languages like python, c++ or javasolid experience developing new research ideas and implementing research papers into working prototype systemsexcellent communication skillshere is an equal opportunity employer. we evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, age, gender identity, sexual orientation, marital status, parental status, religion, sex, national origin, disability, veteran status, and other legally protected characteristics.





options

apply for this job onlineapplyshareemail this job to a friendrefer


sorry the share function is not working properly at this moment. please refresh the page and try again later.

share on your newsfeed




connect with us!




not ready to apply? connect with us for general consideration.






application faqssoftware powered by icimswww.icims.com









