


        scientific data analyst -        tempus -         job board
    

























 






view our website



view all jobs








                                                                         tempus                                                                        









scientific data analyst


chicago, il                    

full time                

tempus                    

mid level                


















passionate about making a difference in the world of cancer genomics?
 
with the advent of genomic sequencing, we can finally understand our genetic makeup. we now have more data than ever before but medical care providers don't have the infrastructure or expertise to make sense of the data. here at tempus, we are building the infrastructure to modernize cancer treatment. by analyzing a patient’s genetic data in the context of molecular therapies, tempus empowers physicians to make real-time data-driven decisions in clinic based on the comprehensive computational analysis of a patient’s unique pathology.
we're on a mission to connect an entire ecosystem to redefine how genomic data is used in clinical settings. we're looking for builders (front-end developers, backend developers and machine learning experts) who are passionate about changing the status quo and bringing cancer care into the 21st century.
what you'll do:

analyze genomic and clinical data from tumors and high-throughput in vitro drug screening of tumor models
build predictive models of patient survival, tumor response and adverse events using large amounts of clinical and molecular/genomic data
identify biomarkers and filter signal from noise in large genomic and clinical data sets
proactively identify areas of opportunity and improvement based on trends in the data, and use these insights to inform r & d efforts in the lab
perform deep dive analysis/data mining on special, ad hoc projects

qualifications:
must have:

ph.d. in computational biology, bioinformatics, biostatistics or related field
outstanding programming and problem solving skills
5+ years implementing predictive models based on statistical and machine learning approaches
experience analyzing data and results from rnaseq, genomic sequencing and epigenomic sequencing
understanding of big data and nosql technologies
experience in agile environments and comfort with quick iterations
excellent communication skills
thrives in a fast-paced environment and willing to shift priorities seamlessly
strong desire to build products that will save lives and change the course of cancer
experience leading and mentoring team members.


read more



apply for position








            apply for this position        
required*



apply with linkedin







apply with indeed









first name*



last name*



email address*



address
















phone*



resume*

attach resume
                    or
                    paste resume



                        attach resume as .pdf, .doc, or .docx (limit 2mb) or
                        paste resume


 




                            paste your resume here or
                            attach resume file









cover letter*



in 150 characters or fewer, tell us what makes you unique. try to be creative and say something that will catch our eye!*

150



submit application














×close
forward this position





recipient email address (one)



your name



your email address



enter a message (optional)
the message cannot contain links




human check*




















powered by















