senior data scientist at swipesensesenior data scientistchicago, ilfull-timeengineeringjob openingssenior data scientist%button_apply_to_position% apply using linkedinwho we are: swipesense is building an operating system for the hospital of the future, today. our mission is to eliminate hospital acquired infections, a leading cause of death in the united states, through several products built on top of our connected hospital platform - a combination of sensor networks, wearable technologies, and big data insights. our platform saves a life every two days, but we're just getting started. if you want to solve problems big and small, experiment relentlessly, and execute ruthlessly to help us save a life a day: welcome.
swipesense is a high-growth venture backed company headquartered in chicago, il


who we need: swipesense handles large-scale distributed iot hardware networks that produce massive amounts of real-time sensor data. we’re looking for someone who is excited about designing and building with the future of big data solutions in-mind. we are looking for an experienced engineer who relishes putting the latest advances in algorithms and machine learning to use, to make sense of multi-sensor data streams. 

primary role: 
responsible for the development and implementation of algorithms and machine learning methods to convert multiple sensor data streams, originating from a distributed sensor network, into accurate activity predictions. 

key responsibilities: 

develop distributed streaming algorithms to analyze and process high-volume sensor data in real time.
optimize decision making algorithms to provide high-accuracy location and movement decisions using signal strength and other sensor data from a mesh network of low energy bluetooth devices.
develop methods to analyze algorithm performance and grant insights into edge case and failure scenarios.
oversee development of scoring scripts to guide algorithm improvements.
create real-time performance metrics to accelerate iteration cycles and allow rapid prototyping.
collaborate with embedded team on new sensor development to ensure sensor output meets algorithmic needs.
collaborate with data engineers team to implement algorithms in production environment.


key skills: 

strong modern algorithm fundamentals: pattern recognition, machine learning, multi-sensor fusion, image processing, probabilistic modelling, etc.
strong physics fundamentals, understanding of rf systems
signal processing & information theory
experience with cloud based distributed computing platforms like hadoop or spark
knowledge of distributed data storage with hadoop, cassandra, or equivalent
knowledge of data streaming technologies such as kafka or amazon kinesis
deep understanding of big o notation and algorithm complexity analysis
comfort with linux, bash, and open source tools.

requirements: 

ms or phd in computer science, computer engineering, electrical engineering or related field.
no higher degree must be compensated by previous work experience.

please note: position is full-time, at our chicago headquarters. must be legally authorized to work in the usa.  swipesense offers competitive compensation, stock options and excellent medical and dental benefits. m/f/d/v
%button_apply_to_position%%footer_powered_by%breezy