


        software engineer, computer vision -        tempus -         job board
    

























 






view our website



view all jobs








                                                                         tempus                                                                        









software engineer, computer vision


chicago, il                    

full time                

software development and data science                    

experienced                


















passionate about making a difference in the world of cancer genomics?
with the advent of genomic sequencing, we can finally understand our genetic makeup. we now have more data than ever before but providers don't have the infrastructure or expertise to make sense of said data. here at tempus, we are building the infrastructure to modernize cancer treatment. by analyzing a patient’s genetic data in the context of molecular therapies, tempus empowers physicians to make real-time data-driven decisions in clinic based on the comprehensive computational analysis of a patient’s unique pathology.
we're on a mission to connect an entire ecosystem to redefine how genomic data is used in clinical settings. we're looking for engineers who are passionate about changing the status quo and bringing cancer care into the 21st century.
must have:

extensive experience in computer vision applications
theoretical understanding of image processing methods (e.g. segmentation, registration, filtering, compression, pattern recognition, 3d rendering and image reconstruction).
exceptional skills in programming with java, c/c++, python, and javascript.  
strong knowledge of libraries and toolkits (e.g. itk/vtk, pcl, opengl).

good to have:

familiarity with medical image data formats (e.g. svs, dicom).
experience in open source imaging platforms (e.g. qupath, cellprofiler, 3d slicer)
deep understanding of machine learning (e.g. cnn) and advanced statistics.


read more



apply for position








            apply for this position        
required*



apply with linkedin







apply with indeed









first name*



last name*



email address*



address
















phone*



resume*

attach resume
                    or
                    paste resume



                        attach resume as .pdf, .doc, or .docx (limit 2mb) or
                        paste resume


 




                            paste your resume here or
                            attach resume file









cover letter*



in 150 characters or fewer, tell us what makes you unique. try to be creative and say something that will catch our eye!*

150



submit application














×close
forward this position





recipient email address (one)



your name



your email address



enter a message (optional)
the message cannot contain links




human check*




















powered by















