


        data analyst - pharmacy -        procured health -         job board
    

























 






view our website



view all jobs
















	thanks for visiting our job board. please review our open positions and apply to the positions that match your qualifications. 



data analyst - pharmacy


chicago, il                    

full time                

pharmacy                    

entry level                


















about procured health
at procured health, we have the ambitious goal to change the way our healthcare system delivers medical care through access to the relevant clinical evidence needed to make better decisions. if every health system in the country uses our industry-leading technology and tools, we can improve the quality and efficiency of patient care and fundamentally change the way health systems operate.
today, hundreds of health systems around the u.s. use our tools and we want to add second-to-none talent like you to help achieve our goal.
we're a growth-stage startup focused on building a world-class company, and are backed by leading healthcare investors.
why join  procured health?

make a direct impact on our healthcare system, working with hospitals that are leading real change in the industry.
work in a fast-paced environment, with no shortage of responsibility.
work with a laser-focused team that seeks the frontier, is obsessed about impact, comes here to do their best work, welcomes respectful debate, and succeeds as one team.

what you will be doing:
as a data analyst - pharmacy, you will be responsible for using customer data, our proprietary data sets and research expertise to uncover strategic opportunities that optimize pharmacy spend and improve patient outcomes. you will partner closely with our pharmacy research team as well as other cross-functional teams to incorporate cutting edge research into our analytics platform and help drive actionable insights for our customers.
the successful candidate will be comfortable working with ambiguous data, have a deep curiosity to uncover and solve problems, enjoy climbing a steep learning curve, and possesses a team player mentality.
responsibilities include:

develop and monitor metrics related to customer data and procured health data sets
create new methods of analyzing, organizing and distributing data to customer audiences
manage and improve our proprietary database and assist or lead in integrating new sources of data
partner with solutions teams to support the management and maintenance of existing databases
translate client feedback into actionable product roadmaps for our analytics platform

qualifications:

1-3 years experience in a healthcare or data analytics role
bachelor’s degree in engineering, mathematics, economics, computer science, business, physics or other quantitative field
high degree of competence and comfort using ms excel; experience with r, python, or relational databases such as postgresql or redshift
distinctive problem solving and project management skills
excellent attention to detail, strong prioritization skills
ability to multi-task and work in a fast-paced environment
experience building interactive data visualizations (d3.js) is a plus!


read more



apply for position








            apply for this position        
required*



apply with linkedin







apply with indeed









first name*



last name*



email address*



address
















phone*



resume*

attach resume
                    or
                    paste resume



                        attach resume as .pdf, .doc, or .docx (limit 2mb) or
                        paste resume


 




                            paste your resume here or
                            attach resume file









cover letter*



in 150 characters or fewer, tell us what makes you unique. try to be creative and say something that will catch our eye!*

150


will you now or in the future require procured health to commence (“sponsor”) an immigration case in order to employ you (for example, h-1b or other employment-based immigration case)? this is sometimes called “sponsorship” for an employment-based visa status.*
-- no answer --yesno 

imagine you are the owner of an independent ice cream shop that has recently become unprofitable; however, you have data related to all aspects of your ice cream shop and several other ice cream shops in surrounding communities. in 500 characters or less, identify a specific strategy to leverage this data to become profitable again.*
 


submit application














×close
forward this position





recipient email address (one)



your name



your email address



enter a message (optional)
the message cannot contain links




human check*




















powered by















