



job application for partner, research, development, and evaluation at transcend education






















          apply now
        
partner, research, development, and evaluation

        at transcend education
      
(view all jobs)

        flexible
      


start date: immediate
role type: full time, flexible
location: flexible

who we are:
transcend is a national nonprofit that leads innovation in school design in close partnership with visionary school operators around the country.  we focus on innovation in every aspect of the holistic design of schools -- from the aims of school, to students’ experience, to the use of time, to the roles of educators and families and surrounding communities, to physical space, and much more -- to prepare all students for far greater success in the 21st century.
we do this through:

developing and replicating new school model designs, in close partnership with visionary school operators (in district, charter, and independent schools)
building a diverse, cross-disciplinary force of talent for the sector, who can perform the deep r&d needed for school innovation
building and sharing actionable knowledge for the sector on how to do school model innovation and change management


the opportunity
in its current form, school will never reach our highest aspirations -- even with our herculean efforts. it was never designed for anything close to this. but the system as we know it can be redesigned. our school partners are ambitious and brave and are driving our efforts to redesign this system so that all kids can thrive. they are trying new approaches and are working diligently to understand when and how they make changes to, or scale their models. the partner - research, development & evaluation gets to be on the front lines of those decisions. after working on this, you'll be able to help the most complex systems refine their practices toward excellence.
major responsibilities:
management & field building

set vision, create tools, methods, and guidelines for organization’s approach to research, development, and evaluation
manage a team of qualitative and quantitative research and development specialists who collaborate with our school partners
summarize our findings and progress in the form of compelling research briefs, blogs, etc. 
maintain relationships with external r&d experts (e.g. measurement specialists) and periodically share our findings with them

organizing & leading trials

collaborate with school design teams to develop a system and process for testing and iterating on school model components; audit research cycle plans as needed
create and refine tools to execute disciplined, yet rapid testing and iterating cycles, outline key learning goals, timelines for data collection, and delineate roles and responsibilities of various team members
create and manage dashboards and other instruments for data collection, analysis, and synthesis
analyze and share findings from testing and iterations with school design teams in ways that encourage informed decision-making 
foster knowledge sharing and disseminate findings and lessons to maximize cross-pollination of ideas and practices

coaching & training

provide training on how to execute research-based strategies and/or share research 
build the capacity (through coaching, training, etc.) of the internal team and school design members to: 

develop strong metrics and methods for evaluation / learning, collect and analyze data, interpret and share findings
execute research-based interventions and strategies
identify areas of improvement and success, and evaluate performance of improvements
make meaning of their data and pivot accordingly


knowledge codification & cross team sharing

work with our project leads and learning agenda writers to refine core practices and codify them in ways that will make them accessible to other team members
ensure that projects are inputting data into a centralized database
ensure that data being collected can inform organization’s key strategic questions and can help us learn

 
who you are
you are an insanely disciplined, hands-on person with a scientific mind. you resist the temptation to rely on your gut because you incessantly track projects, metrics and performance. you don’t stop there, you find the least intrusive and quickest ways to test and iterate on ideas, you ask why (ad nauseum--until you understand causal relationships) and you only feel triumphant once you've found data-backed solutions that are actually implementable. you have built a sophisticated ability to share data in compelling ways, while helping others learn and make meaning so they can optimize programming--you make running r&d cycles feel like food tasting at a 5 star restaurant! you believe deeply in the power of education to change lives, and can’t wait to contribute your analytical and evaluative expertise to help schools make radical changes to reinventing school in america. 
to thrive in this role, you will:

bring a minimum of 5 years experience in program evaluation, utilization focused evaluation, improvement science, and/or in rigorously leading product testing in complex multi-system environments. experience in education / schools preferred.
have exceptional qualitative and quantitative research skills, including driving the design, implementation, data analysis and communication aspects of an evaluation / improvement process.
have very persuasive and very clear written and verbal communication skills.
have extensive experience working with diverse populations in terms of race, ethnicity, and socioeconomic status;  bilingual (english/spanish) /bicultural preferred.
masterfully manage multiple projects - multi tasking and prioritizing effectively.
have knowledge of secondary data sources relevant to public education and healthy children, youth, and families.
proficient in ms office products and data analysis software.

 join us!
transcend is an equal opportunity employer. we strongly encourage diverse candidates to apply.  
to apply
please prepare your resume (or digital equivalent) and a short description (1pg max) of how you helped a school (or other team/organization) execute a testing and iterating process. be clear about what the process was, what you learned from execution, and what you would do differently to improve. please also include an example of any corresponding tools that helped you do this work. 
we’re an equal opportunity employer, and hire without consideration of race, religion, creed, color, national origin, age, gender, sexual orientation, marital status, veteran status or disability. we strongly encourage all candidates to apply. 







apply for this job

* required
        


first name *



last name *



email *



phone *




              location (city)
            



resume/cv *


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 














cover letter


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 

















one pager of school based testing and iterating process *

a short description (1pg max) of how you helped a school (or other team/organization) execute a testing and iterating process. be clear about what the process was, what you learned from execution, and what you would do differently to improve.


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach file
dropbox
google drive
 












corresponding tool
    
 please also include an example of any corresponding tools that helped you do this work. 


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach file
dropbox
google drive
 












i have deep expertise in the following:  *







  change management



  design thinking / user-centered design



  diversity & equity



  impact measurement & evaluation



  improvement science



  learning differences



  learning science



  k-12 education



  rigorously leading product testing in complex multi-system environments



  working with diverse populations in terms of race, ethnicity, and socioeconomic status



  research - qualitative



  research - quantitative




linkedin profile
    





website
    





your superpower (max 4 sentences)? *

we constantly ask ourselves this question, mindful that innovation only matters if it creates a fundamentally better answer, for all children. what is the “superpower” you bring to the work you do and how have you used it to drive ambitious results for kids? (by "superpowers," we mean what you do super well. your strengths that people tell you, "wow you are amazing at ______". don't be shy!)






how did you hear about this opportunity? *







  edloc



  facebook



  transcend newsletter



  latinos for education



  linkedin



  idealist



  mlt



  seo



  transcend website



  transcend team member



  twitter



  other




optional demographic questions                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     transcend invites you to voluntarily self-identify the following information about your race, ethnicity, gender, identification, and educational background. submission of this information is voluntary and refusal to provide it will not subject you to any adverse treatment. the information obtained will be kept confidential and may only be used in accordance with the provisions of applicable laws, executive orders, and regulations.  if the information is required to be summarized and reported to the federal government for civil rights enforcement, the data will not identify any specific individual. i understand this is optional.
    


--
yes
no


what is your racial background / ethnicity?
    





do you identify as a person of color?
    


--
yes
no


are you a first generation college student?
    


please selectyes
no
unsure


with which gender do you identify?
    





do you identify as lgbtqia+?
    


please selectyes
no
unsure








 



share this job:    













powered by 

 
      read our privacy policy


















