

job advertisement search








create with us.
        









job opportunity







job title : 
the core: data science analyst


function : 
client strategy & planning


professional experience :
experienced







parent brand : 
leo burnett group


brand : 
leo burnett


agency :
leo burnett usa


country :
united states


location :
chicago






job description: 

                                        leo burnett group – the core: data science analyst
leo burnett is seeking a data science analyst to join the advanced analytics team within the core. in this role, you will help solve our clients’ most pressing business challenges through data-driven creative solutions. we are looking for a candidate with in-depth knowledge of advanced analytics and the ability to solve complex business issues. the responsibilities for this role will span forecasting, advanced statistical analysis, predictive model development and consumer database segmentation.  
the core

the core is leo burnett group’s integrated data and analytics offering that serves as an insight engine to optimize our award-winning creativity and drive competitive advantage for clients.  the core leverages data and analytics to deliver deep consumer insights that lead to creative communications that are more personalized, more engaging and more effective.  it builds predictive models, develops journeys, analyzes search data, and more - all in service of customizing strategy and delivering the right message to the right people at the right time.  

responsibilities
with a focus on advanced statistical modeling techniques, you will be empowered to: 
•	research, design, implement, and validate predictive models to increase the efficiency and effectiveness of client crm initiatives.
•	apply innovative statistical solutions for complex analytical problems facing our clients that cannot be solved by simple descriptive statistics or data visualizations alone.
•	partner with clients as well as internal business leadership, creative, and strategy teams to uncover these core marketing and advertising business issues.  effectively communicate our solutions in an approachable and actionable way.
•	become a storyteller with our clients’ data, working to uncover deep analytical insights to drive high-impact results.

desired skills & experience
•	graduate (ms, phd) degree in statistics or related quantitative field (e.g., economics, social sciences, engineering, mathematics, computer science) is required.
•	in-depth knowledge of statistical tools (e.g., sas, r) and techniques (e.g., linear and logistic regression, time series analysis, machine learning) used for modeling, segmentation, forecasting, data mining and in-depth data analysis is required.
•	proficiency with programming tools for data extraction and manipulation (e.g., sql, python) is preferred.
•	professional experience in modeling, segmentation, and analytics applied to marketing is a plus.
strong communication and interpersonal skills are required.
ability to work effectively and efficiently as part of a team is required.




apply










