


amazon.jobs:computer vision and deep learning research scientist

















































please enable cookies to continue
please enable cookies in your browser to experience all the personalized features of this site, including the ability to apply for a job.





returning candidate?

log back in!





computer vision and deep learning research scientist



computer vision and deep learning research scientist




job id 

586431




location 
us-ca-cupertino





posted date 

10/9/2017




company 
a2z development center, inc.





recruiting team 

..











job description







amazon lab126 is an inventive research and development company that designs and engineers high-profile consumer electronics. lab126 began in 2004 as a subsidiary of amazon.com, inc., originally creating the best-selling kindle family of products. since then, we have produced groundbreaking devices like fire tablets, fire tv and amazon echo. what will you help us create?  work hard. have fun. make history.  the role are you curious and passionate to take part in a small group developing cutting edge technology for building the new generation of neural networks? are you unafraid of tackling a mind-bending challenge that will improve peoples' lives in a meaningful way? come join our team, where you’ll work on developing technologies that will be used and embedded in a wide variety of amazon devices and products that are used by millions of people.







basic qualifications







msc or phd in computational science and engineering or/and applied mathematics, involving intense computations. for example, in one or several of the following fields: probability, statistics, stochastic processes; machine learning, neural nets; computer vision, nlp, medical imaging; graphs, signal processing; optimization, fast multi-level solvers, upscaling; partial differential equations, integral equations; computational physics/chemistry.experience in state-of-the-art numerical algorithms and/or machine learning technologies:msc or phd in computational science and engineering or/and applied mathematics, involving intense computations.excellent programming skills with at least three years of experience working with python, and c++.background in applied mathematics and/or computer science, in particular machine learning, statistics, and graphs: software and algorithms.experience in state-of-the-art numerical algorithms and machine learning technologies 







preferred qualifications







extended experiments in machine learning and/or statisticsfamiliarity with one or more of the following: mxnet, pytorch, caffe,tensor flow.publications at top-tier peer-reviewed conferences or journalsat least 1 year of post-graduate experience in academic or industry environmentproven track record of innovation in creating novel algorithms and advancing the state of the artexperience working with large datasets and deep learning algorithmsexcellent written and verbal communication skills, ability to communicate effectively to both technical and nontechnical audiences.lab126 is part of the amazon.com, inc. group of companies and is an equal opportunity-affirmative action employer – minority / female / disability / veteran / gender identity / sexual orientation






apply for this job onlineapplyshareemail this job to a friendrefer



share on your newsfeed
















