



job application for customer support engineer at vlocity























          apply now
        
customer support engineer

        at vlocity
      

        raleigh, nc
      






company description

vlocity is a fast-growing enterprise applications company focused on bringing industry-specific business processes to the cloud. with 300 employees around the world and customers on six continents, vlocity has been the fastest-growing independent software vendor on the salesforce platform for two years running. vlocity is currently shipping version 15 of its application suite, and has raised over $100mm in capital from investors including salesforce.com, accenture and sutter hill ventures.
vlocity develops software to help communications, media & energy providers, insurance carriers and government agencies digitally engage customers through their channels and devices of choice. we serve dozens of the world’s fortune 5000 companies including sky italia, telecom italia, telus, 3, telecom argentina, cellcom, new york life, farmers insurance, harvard pilgrim, and anthem. our solutions run on our customers’ web sites, in their contact centers and on the mobile devices of their service and sales professionals – providing a compelling, modern, omnichannel experience. despite the complexity and sophistication of the enterprise business processes we enable, we believe the user experience should be as simple and compelling as a consumer application.



job description





this position, as part of vlocity global support, has primary responsibilities for providing hands on deep technical troubleshooting, feature explanation, and best practice guidance for the suite of vlocity products. the senior customer support engineer work environment is focused on providing support to pre-implementation services teams in a fast paced environment that operates globally on a 24/7/365 basis. 
a successful senior customer support engineer operates efficiently in this climate, maintains composure, exhibits professionalism, understands our services team needs and delivers the highest level of client satisfaction. this role will work in conjunction with our services team and product engineering to report and analyze, troubleshoot, and document deep technical issues. in addition, this role will act as the escalation resource for the global support team.
responsibilities will primarily focus on enabling implementation teams to solve complex technical issues across all currently active projects. provides development support via phone, chat and email, screen sharing, and video conference to vlocity support analysts and services teams. assist services teams and support analysts with best practices and optimization with the suite of vlocity products as well as integrating with salesforce. follow established support processes and procedures. write and update customer facing and internal technical documentation ensuring that our customers, partners, and services teams have the most up to date information. exhibit exceptional time management skills. client focused: provide high quality experience utilizing problem-solving and communication skills. ability to effectively prioritize and escalate issues as required - ability to communicate between a technical, non-technical, and developer/engineer resource is important. share best practices with team members to enhance the quality and efficiency of customer support and contribute to the knowledge base. troubleshoot highly technical issues that may involve visualforce, apex, and angularjs. a successful senior customer support engineer has both technical aptitude to resolve deep technical issues as well as an ability to develop an ongoing relationship of trust and reliability with services teams, engineering, and global support. a proven ability to work remotely as part of a team but also with little direction is highly desired as you will work as part of the global support team.
our customers are 24x7 and so is global support. support analysts will be required to be “on call” during rotating weekends for severity 1 issues.


experience



must have demonstrable experience with saas product(s) and internet development technologies (angularjs, html, css, rest, etc.)


experience with salesforce.com in an administrative/developer capacity and a detailed understanding of the salesforce.com data model and architecture is a plus.


experience with the vlocity suite of products including omniscript and dataraptor a plus.


experience in the insurance, health insurance, telecommunications, and public sector industries a plus.


skills


passion for client experience. 


excellent written and verbal communication skills. 


action oriented with strong organizational, analytical and problem-solving skills. 


highly adaptable, fast learner, able to work with little direction and own customer issues. 


technical aptitude in support of learning the vlocity suite of products and solutions. 


dependable, motivated, self-starter, with the ability to work independently. 


desired certifications / qualifications


bachelor's degree in computer science/mis/information technology or equivalent work experience. 


fluent in english (written and verbal)


salesforce certified administrator (adm 201)


salesforce certified advanced developer (adm 501) 


additional certifications a plus. 

















apply for this job

* required
        


first name *



last name *



email *



phone *



resume/cv *


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 














cover letter


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 

















linkedin profile
    





website
    





how did you hear about this job?
    





skype/digital id
    





current employer
    







application consent for vlocity
by clicking the “i accept” button you expressly make the following representations and warranties and give your consents as described below:
vlocity collects your personal data for the purposes of managing vlocity’s recruitment related activities as well as for organizational planning purposes globally. consequently, vlocity may use your personal data in relation to the evaluation and selection of applicants including for example setting up and conducting interviews and tests, evaluating and assessing the results thereto and as is otherwise needed in the recruitment processes including the final recruitment.
vlocity does not disclose your personal data to unauthorized third parties. however, as a global corporation consisting of multiple affiliated companies in various countries, vlocity has international sites and vlocity uses resources located throughout the world. vlocity may from time to time also use third parties to act on vlocity’s behalf. you agree to the fact that to the extent necessary your personal data may be transferred and/or disclosed to any company within vlocity group of companies as well as to third parties acting on vlocity’s behalf, including also transfers to servers and databases outside the country where you provided vlocity with your personal data. such transfers may include for example transfers and/or disclosures outside the european economic area and in the united states of america.




  i accept








 



share this job:    













powered by 

 
      read our privacy policy
















