





















full stack senior software engineer @ resilinc

















			full stack senior software engineer
		


			apply for this position
	





			application form     (* indicates required field)






add linkedin profile (optional)
					
login to enable automatically, or enter below:
					
linkedin public profile url:


how?

 

first name*



last name*



email*



phone*



			please attach the following files
			
		

cover letter:
please upload either a word or pdf version of your cover letter for this position.



resume: *
please upload either a word or pdf version of your current resume.



any additional files:
such as letters of recommendation, work examples, etc.







please answer the following questions to help us better evaluate your application.


do you have work experience with any or all of the following language:  java, python, javascript, go or golang? *

  no, i don't have experience with any of the above languages. 
 i have experience with some of the above languages. 
 yes, i have experience with all of the above languages. 




are you authorized to work lawfully in the united states for any employer? *


 yes 
 no 










subscribe!
				please notify me of new opportunities as they are posted.
			









					you will receive confirmation after we have received your application.
				




summaryresilinc is the leading platform and source for supply chain intelligence.  companies like gm, cisco, ibm and facebook use our technology’s power of big data, machine learning and prescriptive analytics to make strategic sourcing decisions, protect their revenue/margins and use resiliency as a competitive advantage.we are searching for a senior software engineer, full stack, to join our growing team in raleigh, nc.  this engineer will be working with resilinc’s advanced development team and will report in to the office of the cto.essential duties and responsibilitiesresearch new technologies and concepts to design and build new productsarchitect and implement fully functional, production quality software. rapidly create prototypes.participate in code reviews. troubleshoot issues, find alternate solutions and fix bugs.write engineering documentation for software.write detailed design specifications.recommend improvements to existing processes and software.guide and mentor junior engineers.other duties as assigned. knowledge, skills and experience requiredmaster’s or bachelor’s degree in computer science, computer engineering, or closely related field. 5+ years of full stack web application development experience strongly preferred.5+ years of experience developing object oriented software using either java or python required.5+ years of experience with sql required, preferably on postgresql.5+ years of experience with javascript required.hands-on experience with angular2 highly desirable.experience with frameworks such as spring, spring boot, django, flask, etc. preferred.hands-on experience with every part of the software development life cycle.flexible and adaptable to changes in priorities. demonstrated experience as a linux power user.demonstrated experience with full stack development projects.ability to communicate clearly with co-workers.strong experience with object oriented design.experience designing and/or using relational sql models.extreme attention to detail.understanding of the software development lifecycle. hands-on experience building deep learning models preferred.deep understanding of saas architectural concepts preferred.


location:
raleigh, nc 



			apply for this position
	

apply at: https://resilinc.melitarecruit.com/job/55069/full-stack-senior-software-engineer
 


get updates


					are you interested in hearing about new opportunities at resilinc in real time?
				

					enter your email address below to be notified automatically when new positions are posted.
				






updates provided by melita recruit


know someone who'd be great for this role? let them know:








			tweet
	








view all jobs





subscribe via rss


admin login


powered by melita recruit © 2009-2017.
site content copyright by owner.






