

	software development engineer in test #456620 portland, or






 

















view all jobs


company web site








building next-generation enterprise software
 we are seeking talented and passionate people to help us to build the next generation of enterprise software on aws. one out of every six fortune 500 employees relies on our award-winning software for their legal hold needs, which has helped us reach the inc. 500 and be recognized on deloitte’s 2016 technology fast 500. but we are only at the beginning.
zapproved sees cloud computing as a transformative architecture that serves as a competitive advantage, including driving cutting edge ‘serverless’ processing.  while we are proud of pushing technological limits and building cost-effective, hyper-fast products, we never lose line-of-sight with our customers. our job is to develop the right software to solve the pain points of the corporate legal team.





view all jobs
software development engineer in test








×
email this job






your first name



your last name




your e-mail address



e-mail address to share with

subject

message










 send e-mail
close






 portland, or



apply



























×
employee referral





tell us who you are


first name
last name
e-mail address



                                please complete all 3 fields.
                            




how do you want to share?















close







company information
 



job description

zapproved is thrilled to offer a unique opportunity to passionate and driven candidates looking to launch or further their career in software engineering or quality assurance with a focus on test automation development. as a software development engineer in test you'll have an opportunity to work directly on one of our high-performance, saas product scrum teams in a fast-paced, collaborative, b2b environment. you will be helping our engineering teams create world class software, code as tests and test automation while growing your skills in software development and quality assurance.

at zapproved, we have a services based architecture where we deliver new code rapidly.  test and deployment automation is critical to our success and we are looking for people eager to begin and establish a career in software development helping us deliver quickly.

we will help you launch your career with our in-house training and mentorship program. you will learn how to develop world class software with cutting edge software development processes with a focus on test automation and deployment automation.  you'll need to come with a demonstrated passion,  talent for writing code and a commitment to quality.

who are we looking for?
you should be passionate, hardworking, and unafraid of what you don’t know.
you should be motivated to build great products and quickly learn what is necessary to be a critical and contributing member of a software development scrum team.
you should have 1+ year of professional experience, ideally building or testing software in an agile environment or experience in another career but with a demonstrable investment in development skills gained on your initiative.
you must have experience writing usable code in at least one language, as well as exposure to or deep interest in learning our technology stack which includes amazon web services, javascript, c#, typescript, and frameworks such as .net, angularjs, asp.net, webapi 2.
any experience in quality assurance or with testing frameworks like ms test, nunit/xunit, selenium, calling rest api’s, or javascript testing methodologies will be a big plus. 
 
if this is you, please submit a resume and short cover letter telling us why you're right for the opportunity. 
 

about zapproved:
zapproved is a software-as-a-service provider based in portland, or. our suite of e-discovery software offers corporate legal teams cloud-based technologies for conducting e-discovery affordably and sustainably. our growing customer base includes some of the world’s largest companies, including many in the fortune 500 and global 2000, across a wide variety of industries. recently, we’ve been recognized as: 

rising star company of the year  - 2016 oregon technology awards
best e-discovery legal hold product at 2016 legaltech news innovation awards
entrepreneur of the year in the 2016 women of influence awards - portland business journal
2016 best of the national law journal - best legal hold solution - legal hold pro by zapproved
 
skills & requirements

qualifications






 
 


powered by hirebridge











