



job application for devops engineer at corios 























          apply now
        
devops engineer

        at corios 
      
(view all jobs)

        portland, or
      


$65,000-$70,000 doe
about the devops engineer position
at corios the devops engineer is responsible for the implementation and administration of big data analytics and machine learning platforms and environments in private and public cloud environments.
activities include, but are not limited to, the following:

provision virtual hardware, storage, networking, and services in the cloud and/or on-premise
install and configure big data analytics and machine learning solutions, with a focus on automated deployment
administer, monitor, and scale infrastructure, operating systems, and software
performance tuning for compute and data stores
authentication and authorization administration
ensure proper backup and security processes are in place
communication of complex concepts in simple language
natural ability to incrementally troubleshoot technical problems
an intrinsic desire to learn and grow

required skills, knowledge, experience
qualified candidates should possess the following skills and knowledge:

public cloud:  aws
operating systems:  linux (rhel and variants)
programming:  bash shell scripting, python, ansible 
data stores:  amazon s3, hadoop (amazon emr, cloudera, hortonworks, and/or mapr), aws rds and/or redshift

preferred skills, knowledge, experience
the following skills and knowledge are preferred:

public cloud:  microsoft azure
operating systems:  windows
programming:  sql, sas, java
databases:  sql server, oracle

qualifications

2-3+ years’ experience in a relevant position. 


bachelor's degree in computer science, information technology, or information systems; or an associate’s degree and 4-5 years’ experience in a relevant position
this position is based at company headquarters in portland, oregon.  management's strong preference is for candidates already located in our metropolitan area
this position is for full time employment
must be willing to travel up to 50%, since some on-premise work is in production and may require being on-site with systems administrators
experience working in a regulated industry (financial services, healthcare, etc.) is a plus


to qualify, applicants must be legally authorized to work in the united states, and should not require, now or in the future, sponsorship for employment visa status.
corios is a drug-free employer. candidates are required to pass a drug screen and background screen including a criminal history and reference check.

about corios llc
at corios, we tell the story numbers can't; we believe business decisions are influenced not only by the measurement of behavior, but by synthesizing data-driven insights along with our past experience in order to deliver the most relevant interpretation and client recommendations possible. 
our clients are leading financial services, retail, manufacturing, and energy companies in north america and around the world. corios helps our clients make important decisions about customer acquisition, lifecycle marketing, pricing, debt recovery, capacity planning, and financial crime detection and prevention. to meet those objectives, we leverage deep expertise in predictive analytics, statistics, econometrics, forecasting, experimental design and mathematical optimization.
corios looks not only for the right skills, but also for a cultural fit. we seek team members who will contribute to the unique culture that makes corios such a great place to work. we look for the total candidate: technical skills, culture fit, relationship skills, problem solvers, and good communicators. candidates must be ready to make an impact.
corios is proud to be an equal opportunity employer.  all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, disability status, gender identity, or veteran status.  the level of this position will be determined based on the applicant's education, skills and experience.  if you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know.







apply for this job

* required
        











(optional)

almost there! review your information then click 'submit application' to apply.



first name *



last name *



email *



phone *




              location (city)
                *




resume/cv *


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 














cover letter *


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 

















linkedin profile
    





how did you hear about this job?
    





are you legally able to work in the united states? *



--
yes
no


do you live in the portland, or geographical area? *



--
yes
no








 



share this job:    













powered by 

 
      read our privacy policy
















