

steelcase careers





























 












homefind an opportunitycorporate




 

find an opportunitycurrent listingsview history/update profilejoin our talent network
  



your user session will timeout in 5 minutes.  please click ok to continue with your application.


















					devops engineer
				


						tracking code
					

						000000004730 
					

						job description
					

 
the internet of things will change the way people work, collaborate and innovate. steelcase, with $3b in annual sales and the global leader in workplace environments, is uniquely positioned to lead the iot transformation in our market. we’re creating connected systems for the workplace - intelligent spaces that are defined, designed and developed on a foundation of deep research and insight into people, space and technology. 
 
we’re growing our technology development team in portland, or and are looking for smart, passionate and collaborative hardware, software and systems engineers to join us. we provide a flexible work environment, the latest tools, competitive compensation and a fantastic new space at the edge of the pearl downtown. even better, we’re offering the opportunity to help influence, innovate and design the way people will work in the future.
 
primary responsibilities:
 

writing code for continuous delivery tools and automation to help the product delivery team.
writing code for containerizing our web application to help the product delivery team.
configure azure and building infrastructure to support products and spin up resources for products and team member to use.
deploy our web application for various environments (dev, staging, production.) in case of automation errors.
strong grasp of automation tools and scripting to build deployment applications.
regularly interface with developers and team members for capacity and architecture planning
communicating and collaborating with others across the various teams
monitor application and system health, provide metrics

 


						required skills
					

 

programming: .net, c# , javascript, node.js, bash
database: documentdb, sql, mysql and nosql
continuous delivery automation: docker, rancher
continuous integration: teamcity
repositories: git, subversion (git primarily)
cloud architecture: micorsoft azure
web architectures: azure websites and azure cloud services (node.js / .net)
able to adopt the right new tools for the job at hand and able to optimize learning for productivity. 
effective communication, both verbally and written.
ability to plan and effectively manage tasks to achieve objectives.
strong team player as well as an individual contributor.
ability to work effectively with minimal supervision.
excellent interpersonal skills.
must have strong organizational skills that demonstrate the ability to prioritize upon short notice while maintaining accuracy.

 


						required experience
					

 

minimum 4 year degree in a related discipline
devops continuous delivery best practices and policy setting.
devops continuous integration best practices and policy setting.
devops continuous monitoring and analysis of running environments (dev, staging, production.) best practices and policy setting.
varied machine maintenance (windows server or linux)
manage certifications, keys and domain names for the environments
backup and recovery best practices and policy setting
azure configuration, management and best practices.

 


						job location
					

						portland, oregon, united states
					

						position type
					

						full-time/regular
					





							apply
						











								share
							






















					return to job listings
				














© 1996 - 2017 steelcase inc. all rights reserved.  eoe m/f/disabled/vet 



follow us



















