


        data scientist- deep learning -        bossanova robotics -         job board
    

























 






view our website



view all jobs















at bossa nova, we create service robots for the global retail industry. our robots' mission is to make large scale stores run efficiently by automating the collection and analysis of on-shelf inventory data. we are passionate about solving big problems and bringing solutions to our customers. we are growing fast and have many exciting open positions. if you are up to the challenge, we want to hear from you.  



data scientist- deep learning


san francisco, ca                    

full time                

computer vision                    

mid level                


















at bossa nova we create service robots for the global retail industry. our robots’ mission is to make large scale stores run efficiently by automating the collection and analysis of on-shelf inventory data. we drive autonomously through aisles, navigating safely among customers and store associates. if we were a self- driving car we’d be operating at level 5 autonomy.
 
oh, we should add, it’s real, happening today, you can meet our robots in some of the world’s biggest retailers.
 
position: data scientist- deep learning
 
location: san francisco or pittsburgh
we are looking for an experienced senior deep learning scientist with computer vision background to work on analyzing and understanding what the robot sees and converting that into business values for the company and customers.
 
responsibilities:
architect, develop, train and productize deep learning solutions for image analysis including object detection, object recognition, scene understanding and semantic segmentation
develop deep learning systems that can be robust and can scale across variations in data and complex use cases
 
qualifications:

ms or phd in computer vision, computer science, data science, machine learning, or related field
2+ years of production level experience in developing deep learning algorithms and technologies for solving computer vision problems
experience with at least one major deep learning framework (tensorflow, caffe, theano, torch, cntk, mxnet). experience with tensorflow preferred
strong knowledge of deep learning theory (cnns, rnns, lstms, etc.)
strong c++, python skills
strong problem solving skills and ability to learn quickly
being up-to-date on trends and developments in deep learning

nice to have:

experience deploying and scaling deep learning models in cloud (azure in particular)
experience optimizing the dl models to run faster during inference time


read more



apply for position








            apply for this position        
required*









apply with










first name*



last name*



email address*



address
















phone*



resume*

attach resume
                    or
                    paste resume



                        attach resume as .pdf, .doc, or .docx (limit 2mb) or
                        paste resume


 




                            paste your resume here or
                            attach resume file









cover letter



in 150 characters or fewer, tell us what makes you unique. try to be creative and say something that will catch our eye!

150


do you have a ms degree and 2+ years experience in deep learning or a phd with 1+ year deep learning experience?*
yesno 


submit application














×close
forward this position





recipient email address (one)



your name



your email address



enter a message (optional)
the message cannot contain links




human check*




















powered by















