



job application for machine learning engineer at planet























          apply now
        
machine learning engineer

        at planet
      
(view all jobs)

        san francisco, ca; bellevue, wa
      


welcome to planet. we believe in using space to help life on earth.
planet’s mission is to image the whole world every day and make global change visible, accessible, and actionable. we have a people-centric approach toward culture and community and we are iterating in a way that puts our team members first and prepares our company for growth.  be a part of our mission and help build a company that is changing the world. 
our powerful cloud-based platform passes daily imagery from planet's satellites through a fully-automated processing pipeline.  the platform allows our customers to download, search, manipulate, and extract information from a dataset with global coverage. with more daily geospatial imagery data than ever in history (the platform processes upwards of 5 terabytes of imagery per day), planet’s engineering team is now dedicating significant effort in the development of core platform capabilities towards delivering analytics and insights from geospatial data.
imagery analytics is a high impact team building foundational and customer facing geospatial analytics capabilities. to achieve this we’re working on software that utilizes the latest techniques in data science, computer vision and machine learning (including deep learning). we’re looking for talented engineers that have applied product experience to join our growing team.
the role:

experienced machine learning engineer developing predictive analytic products using multimodal geospatial data
deploying new analytics models in production and evaluating their scalability
collaborate closely with peers on other engineering teams and interface frequently with product and sales teams

the must haves:

strong background in machine learning
strong python software development skills
good foundations software architecture and object oriented design
experience with implementing machine learning models and deploying them in scalable production environments
ba/bs in computer science, related technical field or equivalent practical experience

the nice to haves:

5+ years experience building software
experience with one or more general purpose programming languages including but not limited to: c/c++, objective c, python, ruby, javascript, sql or go
experience with multiple more general purpose deep learning frameworks including but not limited to tensorflow, theano, keras, caffe, torch, etc
ms or phd degree in computer science, machine learning or related technical field

some press about us:
our ceo, will marshall's dreamforce talk
"tiny satellites ushering in the new space revolution" bloomberg businessweek
"the all-seeing eye in the sky video" bloomberg businessweek video







apply for this job

* required
        











(optional)

almost there! review your information then click 'submit application' to apply.



first name *



last name *



email *



phone



resume/cv


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 














cover letter


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 

















linkedin profile
    





website
    





how did you hear about this job?
    







u.s. equal opportunity employment information (completion is voluntary)


  individuals seeking employment at planet are considered without regards
  to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical
  or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation. you are
  being given the opportunity to provide the following information in order to help us
  comply with federal and state equal employment opportunity/affirmative action record
  keeping, reporting, and other legal requirements.


  completion of the form is entirely voluntary. whatever your decision,
  it will not be considered in the hiring process or thereafter. any information that you
  do provide will be recorded and maintained in a confidential file.


gender
please selectmale
female
decline to self identify


are you hispanic/latino?
please selectyes
no
decline to self identify


please identify your race
please selectamerican indian or alaskan native
asian
black or african american
hispanic or latino
white
native hawaiian or other pacific islander
two or more races
decline to self identify


      race & ethnicity definitions


  if you believe you belong to any of the categories of protected veterans listed below,
  please indicate by making the appropriate selection.  as a government contractor
  subject to vietnam era veterans readjustment assistance act (vevraa), we request this
  information in order to measure the effectiveness of the outreach and positive
  recruitment efforts we undertake pursuant to vevraa. classification of protected
  categories is as follows:


  a "disabled veteran" is one of the following: a veteran of the u.s. military, ground,
  naval or air service who is entitled to compensation (or who but for the receipt of
  military retired pay would be entitled to compensation) under laws administered by the
  secretary of veterans affairs; or a person who was discharged or released from active
  duty because of a service-connected disability.


  a "recently separated veteran" means any veteran during the three-year period beginning
  on the date of such veteran's discharge or release from active duty in the u.s.
  military, ground, naval, or air service.


  an "active duty wartime or campaign badge veteran" means a veteran who served on active
  duty in the u.s. military, ground, naval or air service during a war, or in a campaign
  or expedition for which a campaign badge has been authorized under the laws
  administered by the department of defense.


  an "armed forces service medal veteran" means a veteran who, while serving on active
  duty in the u.s. military, ground, naval or air service, participated in a united
  states military operation for which an armed forces service medal was awarded pursuant
  to executive order 12985.


veteran status
please selecti am not a protected veteran
i identify as one or more of the classifications of a protected veteran
i don't wish to answer



form cc-305
omb control number 1250-0005
expires 1/31/2020

voluntary self-identification of disability
why are you being asked to complete this form?

  because we do business with the government, we must reach out to, hire, and provide
  equal opportunity to qualified people with disabilities1.  to help us
  measure how well we are doing, we are asking you to tell us if you have a disability or
  if you ever had a disability.  completing this form is voluntary, but we hope that you
  will choose to fill it out.  if you are applying for a job, any answer you give will be
  kept private and will not be used against you in any way.


  if you already work for us, your answer will not be used against you in any way.
  because a person may become disabled at any time, we are required to ask all of our
  employees to update their information every five years.  you may voluntarily
  self-identify as having a disability on this form without fear of any punishment
  because you did not identify as having a disability earlier.

how do i know if i have a disability?

  you are considered to have a disability if you have a physical or mental impairment or
  medical condition that substantially limits a major life activity, or if you have a
  history or record of such an impairment or medical condition.

disabilities include, but are not limited to:

blindness
deafness
cancer
diabetes
epilepsy
autism
cerebral palsy
hiv/aids
schizophrenia
muscular dystrophy
bipolar disorder
major depression
multiple sclerosis (ms)
missing limbs or partially missing limbs
post-traumatic stress disorder (ptsd)
obsessive compulsive disorder
impairments requiring the use of a wheelchair
intellectual disability (previously called mental retardation)


disability status
please selectyes, i have a disability (or previously had a disability)
no, i don't have a disability
i don't wish to answer

reasonable accommodation notice

  federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified
  individuals with disabilities. please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation
  to apply for a job or to perform your job.  examples of reasonable accommodation
  include making a change to the application process or work procedures, providing
  documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using
  specialized equipment.


1section 503 of the rehabilitation act of 1973, as amended.  for more
  information about this form or the equal employment obligations of federal contractors,
  visit the u.s. department of labor's office of federal contract compliance programs
  (ofccp) website at www.dol.gov/ofccp.


  public burden statement:  according to the paperwork reduction act of 1995 no persons
  are required to respond to a collection of information unless such collection displays
  a valid omb control number. this survey should take about 5 minutes to complete.




application consent for planet
by clicking the “i accept” button you expressly make the following representations and warranties and give your consents as described below:
planet collects your personal data for the purposes of managing planet’s recruitment related activities as well as for organizational planning purposes globally. consequently, planet may use your personal data in relation to the evaluation and selection of applicants including for example setting up and conducting interviews and tests, evaluating and assessing the results thereto and as is otherwise needed in the recruitment processes including the final recruitment.
planet does not disclose your personal data to unauthorized third parties. however, as a global corporation consisting of multiple affiliated companies in various countries, planet has international sites and planet uses resources located throughout the world. planet may from time to time also use third parties to act on planet’s behalf. you agree to the fact that to the extent necessary your personal data may be transferred and/or disclosed to any company within planet group of companies as well as to third parties acting on planet’s behalf, including also transfers to servers and databases outside the country where you provided planet with your personal data. such transfers may include for example transfers and/or disclosures outside the european economic area and in the united states of america.




  i accept








 



share this job:    













powered by 

 
      read our privacy policy
















