 







software engineer - machine learning - engineering - san francisco, ca - careers at yelp






























yelpqqrcdswz



careers









            home

        






            job openings

        






            who we are

        



























                    home
            












                    job openings
            












                    who we are
            

























                software engineer - machine learning
            

                engineering • san francisco, ca
            
apply now







summary
terabytes of data: high resolution photos, 120+ million text documents in more than a dozen languages, real-time location data, semantic business information collected from users and business owners, and more… if this gets your heart racing, you just might be a good fit for our data mining teams at yelp!  we’re a passionate and diverse group of engineers who can work across disciplines to provide incredible insights to our users.  we own the whole stack: scoping the problem by digging through data in redshift and jupyter, designing a solution by reading cutting edge research and industry best practices, training a model using gradient boosted decision trees and deep learning, and finally scaling it to millions of users, businesses, and advertisers.develop a learning-to-rank model on search?  design a clever new feature to keep web-scraping bots at bay?  model the complex interactions between an advertiser, their budget, user behavior, and business inventory?  all in a day’s work for our data teams! check out the details below:

what you will do:

work with the team to come up with creative ideas for new products and model features, then carry those ideas all the way to launch.explore data to measure the impact of your changes and come up with ideas for how to maximize key metrics.work closely with infrastructure engineers to make sure that your algorithms will effectively scale to large data sets and to ensure that their systems provide the flexibility needed for your ideas.

we are looking for:

5+ years industry experience in machine learning, statistics, or related fields.a passion for big data, and creative ideas for what to do with it.the algorithms and data structures experience to make your ideas workable.the coding experience to turn those ideas into reality. we use java & python. you don’t need to be an expert, but experience is a plus and we will expect you to learn them on the job.a background in machine learning or information retrieval.minimum ba/bs degree in computer science, math, or related degree.if you don't have at least one year of experience in a similar role, please take a look at our college engineering roles instead!

pluses:

experience working with  scikit-learn, elasticsearch, spark, hadoop, or mrjob.experience applying auction theory, ctr prediction, graph theory, natural language processing, recommender systems, spam detection, stochastic optimization.


pursuant to the san francisco fair chance ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.*li-ms1




                                yelp values diversity. we’re proud to be an equal opportunity employer and consider qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, age, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital or family status, veteran status, medical condition or disability.
                            



                                note: yelp does not accept agency resumes. please do not forward resumes to any recruiting alias or employee. yelp is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.
                            






back to all job postings
                    










about


about yelp


careers


press


investor relations


content guidelines


terms of service


privacy policy


ad choices






discover


the local yelp


yelp blog


support


yelp mobile


developers


rss






yelp for business owners


claim your business page


advertise on yelp


yelp reservations


business success stories


business support


yelp blog for business owners







languages





                    english
                















                bahasa malaysia (malaysia)
        







                čeština (česká republika)
        







                dansk (danmark)
        







                deutsch (deutschland)
        





                deutsch (schweiz)
        





                deutsch (österreich)
        







                english (australia)
        





                english (belgium)
        





                english (canada)
        





                english (hong kong)
        





                english (malaysia)
        





                english (new zealand)
        





                english (philippines)
        





                english (republic of ireland)
        





                english (singapore)
        





                english (switzerland)
        





                english (united kingdom)
        





                english (united states)
        







                español (argentina)
        





                español (chile)
        





                español (españa)
        





                español (méxico)
        







                filipino (pilipinas)
        







                français (belgique)
        





                français (canada)
        





                français (france)
        





                français (suisse)
        







                italiano (italia)
        





                italiano (svizzera)
        







                nederlands (belgië)
        





                nederlands (nederland)
        







                norsk (norge)
        







                polski (polska)
        







                português (brasil)
        





                português (portugal)
        







                suomi (suomi)
        







                svenska (finland)
        





                svenska (sverige)
        







                türkçe (türkiye)
        







                日本語 (日本)
        







                繁體中文 (台灣)
        





                繁體中文 (香港)
        










countries





                    united states
                















                argentina
        







                australia
        







                austria
        







                belgium
        







                brazil
        







                canada
        







                chile
        







                czech republic
        







                denmark
        







                finland
        







                france
        







                germany
        







                hong kong
        







                italy
        







                japan
        







                malaysia
        







                mexico
        







                new zealand
        







                norway
        







                philippines
        







                poland
        







                portugal
        







                republic of ireland
        







                singapore
        







                spain
        







                sweden
        







                switzerland
        







                taiwan
        







                the netherlands
        







                turkey
        







                united kingdom
        







                united states
        
















about


blog


support


terms




            copyright © 2004–2017 yelp inc. yelp, ,  and related marks are registered trademarks of yelp.
    









