


      senior software engineer - machine learning - san francisco, ca - coinbase
  






















































×
 
please note that coinbase no longer supports this browser. we recommend upgrading to the latest google chrome or firefox.


















products 

buy/sell digital currency
gdax
developer platform
merchant tools


help



charts

sign in
sign up







senior software engineer - machine learning
san francisco, ca




about


careers


mission


press






 back to all jobs
 senior software engineer - machine learningsan francisco, ca
our vision is to bring more innovation, efficiency, and equality of opportunity to the world by creating an open financial system. our first step on that journey is making digital currency accessible and approachable for everyone.
two principles guide our efforts. first, be the most trusted company in our domain. second, create user-focused products that are easier and more delightful to use than any alternative. those principles guide every decision across the company from design through engineering, from operations through security.
digital currency is fungible, instantly transferable and irreversible. this attracts sophisticated bad-actors. first, fraudsters use stolen bank accounts or cards to try to buy digital currency and immediately move it to a private wallet that’s only in their control. second, hackers target coinbase user accounts in an attempt to drain their balance. we’ve been able to stay ahead of bad actors via a combination of machine learning, data-driven rules based systems and anti-fraud analysts. to learn more check out slides and video for a talk on this topic at websummit 2016.
responsibilities

use machine learning to solve one of the hardest payment fraud and user security problems in the world 
be the primary contact for data science and analytics for rest of the company

requirements

exhibit our core cultural values: add positive energy, communicate clearly, be curious, and be a builder
experience with building and deploying machine learning models in a real product setting with demonstrated lifts in a metric
experience with one of the ml platforms: python / scikit-learn, spark, vowpal wabbit, etc
deep understanding of internals at least one ml algorithm
experience working with the following ml algorithms: logistic regression, random forests, k-means

preferred 

experience working with some of the following ml algorithms: xgboost, spectral clustering, association rule mining, deep learning algorithms

what to send

a resume and a link to your kaggle, github, blog post showcasing something awesome you've built

 
we are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. we do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. 


apply for this job * = required field




first name *





last name *





email *





phone 





resume/cv 





cover letter 





linkedin profile 





website 





how did you hear about this job? 





are you a robot?













                










 










© 2017 coinbase


products

buy/sell digital currency
gdax
developer platform
merchant tools



learn

buy bitcoin
buy ethereum
buy litecoin
supported countries
status



company

about
careers
press


legal & privacy


user agreement
privacy policy
licenses & disclosures


support



social

blog
twitter
facebook




language
deutsch
english
english - united states
español
español - méjico
français
bahasa indonesia
italiano
nederlands
português
português - brazil













