data scientist, crm - san francisco, ca - uber | uberskip to main contentuberrides on demandinstallridedrivehelpsign inwhat city are you in?become a driverrideoverviewhow it worksfare estimatorsafetycitiesairportsdriveoverviewrequirementsdriver appsafetyrewardseats and moreuber eatsuber for businessuber freightwhat city are you in?englishfollow usfacebooktwitterlinkedininstagramenter keywordall teamsall teamsadvanced technologies groupbusiness & salescommunicationsdesignengineeringfinance & accountingglobal community operationslegalmarketingoperations & launchpeople operationsproductpublic policyrentals & leasingsafety & securityuniversityall subteamsall subteamsall countriesall countriesaustraliaaustriabangladeshbrazilbulgariacambodiacanadachilecolombiacosta ricadenmarkecuadoregyptfrancegermanyhong kongindiaindonesiairelanditalyjapankorea, republic oflithuaniamalaysiamexicomyanmarnetherlandsnew zealandpakistanpanamaperuphilippinespolandportugalrussian federationsaudi arabiasingaporesouth africaspainsri lankaswedentaiwanthailandunited arab emiratesunited kingdomunited states of americavietnamall citiesall citiessearch open rolessearchcareerssearch open rolesopen rolesdata scientist, crmcentral marketing, marketing in san francisco, caapply nowabout uber  we’re changing the way people think about transportation. not that long ago we were just an app to request premium black cars in a few metropolitan areas. now we’re a part of the logistical fabric of more than 600 cities around the world. whether it’s a ride, a sandwich, or a package, we use technology to give people what they want, when they want it. for the people who drive with uber, our app represents a flexible new way to earn money. for cities, we help strengthen local economies, improve access to transportation, and make streets safer. and that’s just what we’re doing today. we’re thinking about the future, too. with teams working on autonomous trucking and self-driving cars, we’re in for the long haul. we’re reimagining how people and things move from one place to the next.about the role we're looking for a data scientist to join our marketing analytics team to provide data expertise as we improve the growth, retention, engagement, and brand affinity of the riders and drivers on the uber platform. in the role you'll be part of and work closely with a cross-functional team consisting of strategy, design, development, and program managers. you posses a passion for improving techniques, processes, tracking, analytical insights and technology used by marketing to achieve our bold goals. this person will help address the complex challenges of experiment design, marketing effectiveness, contact strategy, return on investment, driver and rider behavior and channel effectiveness using state of the art machine learning models. as an early member of engagement marketing analytics, you will not only be able to develop the new team, but also help define the way marketing performance is calibrated and what questions should be asked. you'll play a big part in finding opportunity fields to help the marketing function scale as we develop onboarding, engagement and retention strategies.  you will also learn and apply advanced analytics skills like experimental design, machine learning, statistical modeling, and more. what you’ll doyou will work in cross-functional teams of product managers, engineers, data scientists, and other product professionals on some of the most high-impact projects for the future of the company.you will build creative solutions to incredibly complex problems. examples include churn and loyalty models, channel response models and ltv methodologies.you will partner with some of uber’s most critical program teams to ensure they effectively use advanced analytics. you also help them platform-ize their models and insights to ensure others can learn and leverage your work.you will research and implement new, novel machine learning algorithms and workflows - our problems are some of the most unique in the world, we need to be aware of the latest advances.what you’ll needminimum 5 years experience delivering, scaling, and owning highly successful and innovative machine learning products with your fingerprints all over themsuperb quantitative background with a graduate degree in a quantitative domain such as computer science, machine learning, operations research, statistics, or similarstrong knowledge of machine learning and statistics, this includes experimental design for optimization and predictive analytics techniques: supervised (regression and classification, ensemble methods) and unsupervised learning (dimensionality reduction, clustering), reinforcement learning (bandit algorithms), bayesian statistics, graphical models and deep learningdemonstrable proficiency in coding, programming concepts, and technical tools with analysis combined with the enthusiasm and passion to build. (sql, python such as pandas and scikit-learn, r and spark)proficiency with multiple analytic and database tools (e.g tableau, hive, presto, vertica, jupyter notebooks)someone who is willing to contribute new ideas and articulate them to a variety of stakeholders and not just execute on existing onesa commitment to learning - we want someone who seeks to deliver impact, but also invests in themselves and others. we don’t get better by standing still, so you will need to consistently seek to innovate and raise the bara love of data - you just go get the data you need and turn it into an insightful story. you know how to convert data into decisions without getting stuck in paralysis by analysisapply nowsee our candidate privacy statementat uber we don’t just accept difference—we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. uber is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace. we are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or veteran status.uber is in 0 cities worldwidecity searchgo to uber.comsign up to ridebecome a driverenter your locationenglishhelphelpfacebooktwitterlinkedininstagramridedrivecitiesfare estimatefoodbusiness travelhow it worksairportscountriessafetycareershelping citiesour storyblognewsroommediauber apigift cardsuber vs driving jobstop citiessan franciscolondonlos angeleswashington d.c.mexico citysao paulotop countriesusafranceindiaspainmexicorussia© 2017 uber technologies inc.privacyaccessibilityterms