









research scientist | careers at airbnb




























































































      skip to content
    




become a hosthelpsign uplog in










  
      we’re sorry, some parts of the airbnb website don’t work properly without javascript enabled.







 







           welcome
        



           departments
        



           locations
        



           engineers
        



           university
        












          research scientist
        

          san francisco, united states 
        







about the position
we are looking for research scientists & applied researchers to join our growing team. in this role, you’ll have the opportunity to work on challenging data problems, including:

building a conversational interface to create a far more interactive booking flow
natural language processing to understand text content on airbnb platform, including reviews, descriptions and interactions between users on our marketplace.
determining the optimal pricing strategies to help our hosts effectively manage their listings and achieve their revenue goals.
identifying real-time optimal pricing + supply & demand strategies for hosts

we are looking for engineers with:

5+ years of industry experience or a phd + 2 years industry experience
solid engineering and coding skills. ability to write high performance production quality code. experience in java, c++, python, scala and other equivalent languages is a plus.
industry experience building and productionizing innovative end-to-end machine learning systems.
good understanding of common families of models, feature engineering, feature selection and other practical machine learning issues, such as overfitting.
experience with mapreduce, spark and hive a plus.
experience with productizing research/publications a plus.
experience with computer vision, image detection/recognition, nlp/nlu, deep learning a plus.

benefits

stock
competitive salaries
quarterly employee travel coupon
paid time off
medical, dental, & vision insurance
life insurance and disability benefits
fitness discounts
401k
flexible spending accounts
apple equipment
commuter subsidies
community involvement (4 hours per month to give back to the community)
company sponsored tech talks and happy hours
much more...


            apply now
          






tweet



















termsprivacysite mapairbnbmag















































