


























people scientist

        at culture amp
      
(view all jobs)

        san francisco 
      


culture amp is growing and we are looking to hire another people scientist based in san francisco. you’ll be a champion of feedback strategy and people analytics, serving as the primary lead for customers wishing to link their feedback data to business outcomes.
who we are:
culture amp is the world’s leading people analytics platform. we're passionate about helping companies understand the connection between people and culture. our customizable survey platform captures employee feedback and real-time data, telling a story to help organizations make better people decisions. our team combines deep knowledge in psychology, statistics, ux, and engineering. we help thousands of the most culture focussed organizations in the world build better workplaces. from the likes of airbnb, adobe, tumblr, slack, warby parker, etsy and many more.
what is the opportunity for you?
the people scientist role entails being a thought leader in the hr and employee feedback space while assisting customers with survey question design, analyzing survey results, and establishing feedback strategies for our customers at the organization, group, and individual level. your greatest skill is being able to listen, understand our customers’ needs, and provide direction around advanced analytics that help customers get the most from their survey data. you love people and your passion lies in diving into data to uncover stories and provide insights, as well as imparting knowledge to up-skill customers and coworkers. we want someone who shares our passion for simplifying the feedback strategy and data analysis with the goal of elevating our clients’ effectiveness. someone who is comfortable meetings with customers to discuss their goals, dive into data that might be messy, and think with innovation about how to link feedback data with customer business outcomes to answer research questions and tell the best story. this customer-facing position is a mid- to senior-level role with no direct reports.
your role at culture amp:

work with client data and survey outcomes to identify the most valuable themes and stories to help our clients improve their culture and business outcomes
mine and analyze data from customer databases to drive feedback strategies, answer research questions, and improve company culture in companies across markets and industry sectors 
serve as a champion for culture amp’s philosophy on how to best collect, understand, and act on employee feedback
contribute to survey question design sessions and lead virtual & in-person survey results review sessions with a variety of clients (e.g., people managers, hrbps, ceos/executives teams)
generate actionable and predictive insights from hr data sets, including engagement surveys, lifecycle experience surveys (onboarding to exit), and individual/team effectiveness feedback
support and build domain expertise for our customer facing teams through coaching and training
contribute to improving internal processes and culture within culture amp

what you’ll bring to culture amp:

experience working with surveys throughout the employee lifecycle (candidate, onboarding, engagement, inclusion, exit) and/or 360-type feedback processes.
strong problem solving skills with an emphasis on linking data to business outcomes.
experience manipulating data sets and building statistical models, including knowledge of advanced statistical techniques and concepts (regression, properties of distributions, statistical tests and proper usage, etc.) and experience with applications.
experience using statistical computer languages (r, python, sql, etc.) to manipulate data and draw insights from large (often messy) data sets preferred. experience with people data is a plus.
master’s in statistics, mathematics, computer science, business analytics, or another quantitative field (or equivalent in relevant experience).
3+ years of applied experience working in and/or consulting to organizations desirable.

after 3 months at culture amp, you’ll...

work within an interdisciplinary team directly supporting customers
work cross-functionally to teach new customers how to use the platform
enable hr leaders to influence change within their organizations by working with them on their employee engagement & effectiveness strategies
conduct survey design sessions, train customers on how to best interpret their results and dialog with them about how to best approach taking action on survey results
work with customers in all segments to answer research questions and conduct studies linking survey data to business outcomes
attend and present at a variety of events where we interact with our community – including people geekup webinars, masterclasses, workshops, conferences

a few highlights from culture amp

what is a people geek?
our unique diy approach to learning & development
what is culture first?

if you are truly excited about this role and meet the requirements mentioned above, please submit: 1) your resume, and 2) a cover letter which identifies five specific reasons why you feel you’d be a great addition to our team.  thank you very much for your time and interest! 








apply for this job

* required
        


first name *



last name *



email *



phone *




              location (city)
                *




resume/cv *


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 














cover letter *


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 

















linkedin profile *






website
    





how did you hear about this job? *



please selectevent / conference
facebook
glassdoor
indeed
i'm a current camper
linkedin
meet-up
simplyhired
someone @ culture amp told me
stack overflow
twitter


do you now, or will you in the future, require immigration sponsorship to work for culture amp? *



--
yes
no




u.s. equal opportunity employment information (completion is voluntary)


  individuals seeking employment at culture amp are considered without regards
  to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical
  or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation. you are
  being given the opportunity to provide the following information in order to help us
  comply with federal and state equal employment opportunity/affirmative action record
  keeping, reporting, and other legal requirements.


  completion of the form is entirely voluntary. whatever your decision,
  it will not be considered in the hiring process or thereafter. any information that you
  do provide will be recorded and maintained in a confidential file.


gender
please selectmale
female
decline to self identify


are you hispanic/latino?
please selectyes
no
decline to self identify


please identify your race
please selectamerican indian or alaskan native
asian
black or african american
hispanic or latino
white
native hawaiian or other pacific islander
two or more races
decline to self identify


      race & ethnicity definitions


  if you believe you belong to any of the categories of protected veterans listed below,
  please indicate by making the appropriate selection.  as a government contractor
  subject to vietnam era veterans readjustment assistance act (vevraa), we request this
  information in order to measure the effectiveness of the outreach and positive
  recruitment efforts we undertake pursuant to vevraa. classification of protected
  categories is as follows:


  a "disabled veteran" is one of the following: a veteran of the u.s. military, ground,
  naval or air service who is entitled to compensation (or who but for the receipt of
  military retired pay would be entitled to compensation) under laws administered by the
  secretary of veterans affairs; or a person who was discharged or released from active
  duty because of a service-connected disability.


  a "recently separated veteran" means any veteran during the three-year period beginning
  on the date of such veteran's discharge or release from active duty in the u.s.
  military, ground, naval, or air service.


  an "active duty wartime or campaign badge veteran" means a veteran who served on active
  duty in the u.s. military, ground, naval or air service during a war, or in a campaign
  or expedition for which a campaign badge has been authorized under the laws
  administered by the department of defense.


  an "armed forces service medal veteran" means a veteran who, while serving on active
  duty in the u.s. military, ground, naval or air service, participated in a united
  states military operation for which an armed forces service medal was awarded pursuant
  to executive order 12985.


veteran status
please selecti am not a protected veteran
i identify as one or more of the classifications of a protected veteran
i don't wish to answer



form cc-305
omb control number 1250-0005
expires 1/31/2020

voluntary self-identification of disability
why are you being asked to complete this form?

  because we do business with the government, we must reach out to, hire, and provide
  equal opportunity to qualified people with disabilities1.  to help us
  measure how well we are doing, we are asking you to tell us if you have a disability or
  if you ever had a disability.  completing this form is voluntary, but we hope that you
  will choose to fill it out.  if you are applying for a job, any answer you give will be
  kept private and will not be used against you in any way.


  if you already work for us, your answer will not be used against you in any way.
  because a person may become disabled at any time, we are required to ask all of our
  employees to update their information every five years.  you may voluntarily
  self-identify as having a disability on this form without fear of any punishment
  because you did not identify as having a disability earlier.

how do i know if i have a disability?

  you are considered to have a disability if you have a physical or mental impairment or
  medical condition that substantially limits a major life activity, or if you have a
  history or record of such an impairment or medical condition.

disabilities include, but are not limited to:

blindness
deafness
cancer
diabetes
epilepsy
autism
cerebral palsy
hiv/aids
schizophrenia
muscular dystrophy
bipolar disorder
major depression
multiple sclerosis (ms)
missing limbs or partially missing limbs
post-traumatic stress disorder (ptsd)
obsessive compulsive disorder
impairments requiring the use of a wheelchair
intellectual disability (previously called mental retardation)


disability status
please selectyes, i have a disability (or previously had a disability)
no, i don't have a disability
i don't wish to answer

reasonable accommodation notice

  federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified
  individuals with disabilities. please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation
  to apply for a job or to perform your job.  examples of reasonable accommodation
  include making a change to the application process or work procedures, providing
  documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using
  specialized equipment.


1section 503 of the rehabilitation act of 1973, as amended.  for more
  information about this form or the equal employment obligations of federal contractors,
  visit the u.s. department of labor's office of federal contract compliance programs
  (ofccp) website at www.dol.gov/ofccp.


  public burden statement:  according to the paperwork reduction act of 1995 no persons
  are required to respond to a collection of information unless such collection displays
  a valid omb control number. this survey should take about 5 minutes to complete.








 















