


        immunological scientist -        calico labs -         job board
    

























 






view our website



view all jobs















careersunderstanding the fundamental science of aging and finding treatments for the associated and intractable diseases will require multi-disciplinary and highly motivated scientists working in a collaborative environment. calico is dedicated to providing the environment to support creativity and innovation and to enable our scientists to focus on fundamental biology and improving human health. we are currently seeking exceptional candidates who share our passion.calico is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace. 



immunological scientist


south san francisco, ca                    

full time                

r&d                    

experienced                


















who we are:
calico is a research and development company whose mission is to understand the biology of aging, and to help people to lead longer and healthier lives. we aim to combine the best biomedical science with cutting edge technology and computing.
position description:
the immune system lies at the heart of many diseases of aging, including cancer, autoimmunity, and many neurodegenerative diseases. calico is seeking a talented biologist who is excited to help understand key aspects of the adaptive immune system and their contribution to diseases of aging. in this project, you will work within a highly collaborative scientific team focused on exploring the mechanisms by which antigens are presented on the cell surface and recognized by immune cells. you will play a leading role in the design and implementation of cutting-edge, scalable assays that measure key aspects of the adaptive immune system, and in the interpretation of the scientific conclusions from these data. you will collaborate with top computational researchers to develop novel analytical methods and construct predictive models for antigen presentation and recognition, with the goal of eventual therapeutic interventions.
position requirements:

a ph.d. degree in biology, cell biology, molecular biology, genetics, immunology or biochemistry, plus a completed postdoc or equivalent practical experience, including a track record of strong research productivity in biomedical research.
demonstrated ability in rigorous design and careful implementation of new cell-based and biochemical assays.
deep understanding of key concepts in mhc presentation and detection of associated mhc-antigen complexes, t-cell receptor biology and biochemistry.
experience with culturing of t cells, co-culture studies to evaluate immune recognition, and other relevant immunological assays.
computational and analytical skills that allow effective collaboration with data scientists and machine learning experts.
track record of being an effective and enthusiastic collaborator in a cross-functional environment with people of diverse backgrounds.


read more



apply for position








            apply for this position        
required*



apply with linkedin







apply with indeed









first name*



last name*



email address*



address
















phone*



resume*

attach resume
                    or
                    paste resume



                        attach resume as .pdf, .doc, or .docx (limit 2mb) or
                        paste resume


 




                            paste your resume here or
                            attach resume file









cover letter




submit application














×close
forward this position





recipient email address (one)



your name



your email address



enter a message (optional)
the message cannot contain links




human check*




















powered by















