 














     









careers - atomwise






































 















 

partners
company
news
careers
contact














careers



 
help us invent the future of pharmaceutical research.

	atomwise uses artificial intelligence to help discover new medicines. based in san francisco and funded by data collective, dfj, and khosla ventures, we created the first deep learning neural network for drug discovery and design – atomnet.
	over the last 2 years, atomnet has been deployed to help invent new potential medicines for 27 disease targets. we work with leading research groups at top organizations including harvard university, stanford university, scripps research institute, and several large pharmaceutical companies, advancing the frontiers of human health.
	atomwise’s notable successes have included promising compounds for the treatment of multiple sclerosis, ebola, and botulinum neurotoxin, as well as work in cancer, malaria, and metabolic diseases. today, atomwise searches 1 million potential drug molecules every 24 hours.
	now, we are actively seeking new team members to help us do great science and make big discoveries. that’s where you come in.
	we invite you to read more about atomwise on arxiv, bbc, vice, npr, the wall street journal, and techcrunch.
 we are not currently offering visa sponsorships for these positions, please only apply if eligible to work in the u.s.

 



partnering associate


senior machine learning engineer



partnering associate

		we are looking for a partnering associate is to help foster, coordinate, and administer new collaborations with world-class universities and leading biotechnology companies.  your responsibilities will be to perform all the administrative tasks that underpin the creation and maintenance of great partnerships. your sophisticated stewardship of these relationships will help bring to life innovative research.
		two partnering associate positions are available.  one will assist academic partnerships, and the other one will assist corporate partnerships. these are support positions with the potential for growth and advancement.
you are:

highly motivated and detail-oriented
curious and excited about scientific research
an engaging and professional communicator, in writing, on the phone, and in-person
able to get quickly up-to-speed on unfamiliar subjects
unintimidated by a high volume of emails and meetings

you have:

excellent time management and organizational skills with the ability to track numerous details
a passion for consultative problem-solving to identify customer needs and opportunities
a bachelor’s degree of any background, diverse and interdisciplinary backgrounds are particularly encouraged,
experience in support, service, administration, business development, executive assistance, finance, grants administration, sales, or scientific-technical communications

preferred:

2 years of support or service experience
educational background in biology, chemistry, business, marketing, legal, or paralegal

you will:

assist the partnering team
communicate with scientists, business executives, and administrative staff
schedule meetings and ensure their success
prepare sales, marketing, and research documents
read and summarize scientific and legal documents
conduct research to provide supporting information about potential partners
create and maintain a highly organized archive of contracts and documents
skillfully conduct periodic partner check-ins to understand needs and communicate feedback
critically and creatively reflect on how to improve business methods

compensation & benefits:

competitive salary, commensurate with experience
stock compensation plan – you’ll be an atomwise co-owner
platinum health, dental, and vision benefits
flexible work schedule – take as much vacation you choose and work from home when you like

when applying, please:

share a one-paragraph statement helping us to envision how your skills, personality, and experience will help the atomwise team create and maintain great partnerships
another one-paragraph statement telling us how atomwise can help you to achieve your career goals
please speak to us candidly and conversationally – informality preferred


		 


apply to this job










resume / cv (required)  -   
full name (required): 
email (required)  
phone (required)
 
select position: (required)
partnering associatesenior machine learning engineer 
are you legally authorized to work in the united states? (required)
---yesno 
current company
 
linkedin url
 
personal url
 
github url
 
twitter url
 
additional information - add a brief cover letter or anything else you'd like to share.
 







senior machine learning engineer

		we are looking for a senior machine learning engineer to help develop our core ml algorithms and software tools to solve challenging questions in drug discovery research. you will develop, extend, and analyze new deep learning algorithms, as well as design and build data infrastructure and tools to manage, automate, and evaluate performance at scale.
required qualifications:

ph.d. or m.sc. in computer science, statistics, or related field, or equivalent practical experience
5+ years of extensive practical experience and proven track record of developing, implementing, debugging, and extending machine learning algorithms
strong software engineering skills and coding expertise in at least one high-level programming language (python, r, java, c/c++, etc.)
experience developing data infrastructure and tools and familiarity with large-scale data processing technologies
proficiency with the linux environment
strong analytical and quantitative skills

preferred qualifications:

knowledge of modern neural network frameworks such as tensorflow, torch, or theano
experience with cloud computing environments (aws/azure/gce)
gpu programming using cuda
some biomedical knowledge or experience in processing chemical or biological data is preferred but not required


		 


apply to this job










resume / cv (required)  -   
full name (required): 
email (required)  
phone (required)
 
select position: (required)
partnering associatesenior machine learning engineer 
are you legally authorized to work in the united states? (required)
---yesno 
current company
 
linkedin url
 
personal url
 
github url
 
twitter url
 
additional information - add a brief cover letter or anything else you'd like to share.
 












 
 






 




































