



job application for technical support analyst at gainsight





















          apply now
        
technical support analyst

        at gainsight
      
(view all jobs)

        st louis, mo
      


gainsight, the first and only complete customer success solution, helps businesses grow faster by reducing churn, increasing upsell, and driving customer advocacy. the company’s saas solution is 100% salesforce native and uses predictive analytics to drive revenue from sales, usage, support, survey and other sources of external customer data. in this way, gainsight provides a 360° view of customers and drives retention across customer success, sales, marketing, executive and product management.
job description
gainsight™ is a fast-growing technology company that is revolutionizing the way companies manage their customers. gainsight has been recognized by forbes as one of the top 100 private cloud companies in the world (2016 & 2017), deloitte as #7 on the technology fast 500 (2016), inc. magazine as the 48th fastest growing private company in america (2015 & 2017), forbes as one of america’s most promising companies (2014), and by fortune magazine as one of 20 great workplaces in tech (2014). we are backed by top-tier silicon valley investors such as battery ventures, bain capital ventures, bessemer venture partners, lightspeed venture partners, summit partners, salesforce ventures, cisco investments and other top-tier silicon valley investors
gainsight is seeking a support analyst who wants to make an impact each and every day. as part of the support team you will be responsible for providing world-class technical support to our clients. the fundamental goal of this position is to help our customers achieve success using our gainsight platform. the job involves handling and resolving complex technical and functional queries from customers of all sizes. 
what you’ll do:

help resolve complex software and technical questions for the customer efficiently and effectively
gather the required information necessary in order to best handle customer software and technical inquiries
become a subject matter expert in complex areas of the product, and share knowledge with other members of the support team
manage customer expectations regarding estimated response times for issue resolution
extensively research and document complex customer technical issues
collaborate with technical support team members to properly manage customer inquiries and escalate when appropriate
partner with technical support team members on various strategic projects when needed
own customer technical issues from initial report to resolution, communicating with customers regularly regarding issue status
assist with training new l1 tech support analysts
partner with support management and l2 support team to facilitate ongoing training with l1 support team

required skills
what we’re looking for: 

deep understanding of salesforce administration
experience in writing sql & working with databases (intermediate level of knowledge)
experience using at least one of the etl tools in the market (informatica, talend, boomi, etc.)
2+ of experience in the information technology field of application support (preferably saas) or bachelor's degree in computer science with emphasis on database administration
passion to be a part of a hardworking, winning team
must be highly motivated self-starter, be able to demonstrate competence in technical problem solving and must also be able to work under pressure both individually and as part of the team
excellent ability to learn and articulate software-related and technical concepts
strong analytic, organizational and problem-solving skills
ability to mentor tier 1 technical support analysts
excellent customer service skills
strong attention to detail when communicating with customers (verbal & written)
ability to empathize with customers and convey confidence
expertise working with microsoft excel
strong documentation skills

job benefits
at gainsight, we don't believe in doing things as a "means to an end." life's too short to have anything short of a joyful work environment that we passionately believe in. we think that "work vs. life" is a false choice created by pundits, cynics and consultants. we also believe that any community (like a company) needs a ton of diversity and a very small number of things that bring us together.
here are our 5 core values

golden rule: we try to practice the golden rule ("do unto others..." and that sort of thing) by exercising reliability, trust and giving back to each other and our community.
success for all: we believe that success for our stakeholders—whether our teammates, clients or shareholders—comes with a sincere focus on continuous learning, selfless teaching and making a difference in each other’s lives.
child-like joy: we aspire to experience child-like joy in our work and lives, injecting a spirit of passion, optimism and laughter into everything that we do.
shoshin: we believe in a beginner’s mind. don’t surround yourself with people like you--diversity breeds creativity.
stay thirsty, my friends: we believe in a totally internally-driven strive for greatness. the solution is think more, not doing more.

why you’ll love it here

our attitude: we’ve created a new industry from scratch, and we’re on the fast track!
our leadership: we offer the leading tech solution for driving customer success.
our roi: reduce customer churn, increase up-sell, and improve customer satisfaction.
our technology: deep salesforce.com hooks, predictive analytics, and a beautiful user interface.
our impact: we help our customers make millions of dollars more per year.
our clients: big companies like box, adobe, marketo, and many others.
our team: tech all-stars from facebook, box, and others (and top consulting firms like bcg and mckinsey!).
our values: they are unique - golden rule, success for all, childlike joy, shoshin, and stay thirsty, my friends
our office: if you showed up one day, you might find anything from karaoke performances to mini-golf championships.

role is in our st. louis office. health benefits include medical, dental, vision, short and long-term disability, life insurance, 401k after first quarter of employment, and unlimited pto.
 







apply for this job

* required
        


first name *



last name *



email *



phone *




              location (city)
                *




resume/cv *


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 














cover letter


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 

















are you authorized to work in the united states? *



--
yes
no


will you now or in the future require visa sponsorship?  *



--
yes
no


are you over the age of 18? *



--
yes
no


linkedin profile
    





website
    





how did you hear about this job?
    







u.s. equal opportunity employment information (completion is voluntary)


  individuals seeking employment at gainsight are considered without regards
  to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical
  or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation. you are
  being given the opportunity to provide the following information in order to help us
  comply with federal and state equal employment opportunity/affirmative action record
  keeping, reporting, and other legal requirements.


  completion of the form is entirely voluntary. whatever your decision,
  it will not be considered in the hiring process or thereafter. any information that you
  do provide will be recorded and maintained in a confidential file.


gender
please selectmale
female
decline to self identify


are you hispanic/latino?
please selectyes
no
decline to self identify


please identify your race
please selectamerican indian or alaskan native
asian
black or african american
hispanic or latino
white
native hawaiian or other pacific islander
two or more races
decline to self identify


      race & ethnicity definitions


  if you believe you belong to any of the categories of protected veterans listed below,
  please indicate by making the appropriate selection.  as a government contractor
  subject to vietnam era veterans readjustment assistance act (vevraa), we request this
  information in order to measure the effectiveness of the outreach and positive
  recruitment efforts we undertake pursuant to vevraa. classification of protected
  categories is as follows:


  a "disabled veteran" is one of the following: a veteran of the u.s. military, ground,
  naval or air service who is entitled to compensation (or who but for the receipt of
  military retired pay would be entitled to compensation) under laws administered by the
  secretary of veterans affairs; or a person who was discharged or released from active
  duty because of a service-connected disability.


  a "recently separated veteran" means any veteran during the three-year period beginning
  on the date of such veteran's discharge or release from active duty in the u.s.
  military, ground, naval, or air service.


  an "active duty wartime or campaign badge veteran" means a veteran who served on active
  duty in the u.s. military, ground, naval or air service during a war, or in a campaign
  or expedition for which a campaign badge has been authorized under the laws
  administered by the department of defense.


  an "armed forces service medal veteran" means a veteran who, while serving on active
  duty in the u.s. military, ground, naval or air service, participated in a united
  states military operation for which an armed forces service medal was awarded pursuant
  to executive order 12985.


veteran status
please selecti am not a protected veteran
i identify as one or more of the classifications of a protected veteran
i don't wish to answer



form cc-305
omb control number 1250-0005
expires 1/31/2020

voluntary self-identification of disability
why are you being asked to complete this form?

  because we do business with the government, we must reach out to, hire, and provide
  equal opportunity to qualified people with disabilities1.  to help us
  measure how well we are doing, we are asking you to tell us if you have a disability or
  if you ever had a disability.  completing this form is voluntary, but we hope that you
  will choose to fill it out.  if you are applying for a job, any answer you give will be
  kept private and will not be used against you in any way.


  if you already work for us, your answer will not be used against you in any way.
  because a person may become disabled at any time, we are required to ask all of our
  employees to update their information every five years.  you may voluntarily
  self-identify as having a disability on this form without fear of any punishment
  because you did not identify as having a disability earlier.

how do i know if i have a disability?

  you are considered to have a disability if you have a physical or mental impairment or
  medical condition that substantially limits a major life activity, or if you have a
  history or record of such an impairment or medical condition.

disabilities include, but are not limited to:

blindness
deafness
cancer
diabetes
epilepsy
autism
cerebral palsy
hiv/aids
schizophrenia
muscular dystrophy
bipolar disorder
major depression
multiple sclerosis (ms)
missing limbs or partially missing limbs
post-traumatic stress disorder (ptsd)
obsessive compulsive disorder
impairments requiring the use of a wheelchair
intellectual disability (previously called mental retardation)


disability status
please selectyes, i have a disability (or previously had a disability)
no, i don't have a disability
i don't wish to answer

reasonable accommodation notice

  federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified
  individuals with disabilities. please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation
  to apply for a job or to perform your job.  examples of reasonable accommodation
  include making a change to the application process or work procedures, providing
  documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using
  specialized equipment.


1section 503 of the rehabilitation act of 1973, as amended.  for more
  information about this form or the equal employment obligations of federal contractors,
  visit the u.s. department of labor's office of federal contract compliance programs
  (ofccp) website at www.dol.gov/ofccp.


  public burden statement:  according to the paperwork reduction act of 1995 no persons
  are required to respond to a collection of information unless such collection displays
  a valid omb control number. this survey should take about 5 minutes to complete.








 



share this job:    













powered by 

 
      read our privacy policy
















