


working at here | take your career further |r&d engineer intern - highly automated driving















































please enable cookies to continue
please enable cookies in your browser to experience all the personalized features of this site, including the ability to apply for a job.







welcome page







returning candidate?

log back in!












r&d engineer intern - highly automated driving


job locations

us-co-boulder





requisition id

2017-18144


category

research & software developmnt









overview






here technologies, the open location platform company, enables people, enterprises and cities to harness the power of location. by making sense of the world through the lens of location we empower our customers to achieve better outcomes – from helping a city manage its infrastructure or an enterprise optimize its assets to delivering drivers to their destination safely. to learn more about here, including our new generation of cloud-based location platform services, visit http://360.here.com. we are looking for a full time intern to assist in developing services and interfaces for the highly automated driving (had) ml services platform. this mainly involves the python language and working with a number of aws services such as s3, ec2, lambda, api gateway, and database technology.








responsibilities






entry-level software engineering.








qualifications






bachelor's degreesoftware engineering experience and capabilities, and exposure to cloud computing and machine learning / deep learning. equal opportunity employer: race/color/sex/sexual orientation/gender identity/religion/national origin/disability/vets.





options

apply for this job onlineapplyshareemail this job to a friendrefer


sorry the share function is not working properly at this moment. please refresh the page and try again later.

share on your newsfeed




connect with us!




not ready to apply? connect with us for general consideration.






application faqssoftware powered by icimswww.icims.com









