



careers

























careers  |  contact 






























































































































































































                                 

                                 

                                 

                                 

                                 

                                 












job details






















requisition number
17-0795


post date
12/1/2017


title
learning & development coordinator


organization name
macmillan learning


city
austin


state
tx


description
macmillan learning is a part of the family-owned holtzbrinck group of companies and is one of the leading educational technology companies. through deep partnership with the world's best researchers, educators, administrators, and developers, we facilitate
 teaching and learning opportunities that spark student engagement and improve outcomes. we provide educators with tailored solutions designed to inspire student curiosity and measure progress. macmillan learning is comprised of renowned brands including bedford/st.
 martins, w.h. freeman, worth publishers, sapling learning, skyfactor, intellus learning, late nite labs, and hayden-mcneil. we are an equal opportunity employer committed to reflecting a broad representation of differences -- race, ethnicity, religion, sex,
 sexual orientation, gender identity/expression, physical ability, age, family status, economic background and status, geographical background and status, and perspective-- in our workplace. the successful candidate for this position will become an employee
 of bedford freeman & worth publishing group, llc (“bfw”), d/b/a macmillan learning. bedford freeman & worth publishing group, llc has developed an affirmative action program in compliance with the ny department of education’s guidance. portions of the affirmative
 action program are available for review by applicants and employees by contacting human resources.


requirements
the learning & development coordinator will be centralized role in the department, supporting the l&d managers and coordinating information across the department. the coordinator will be responsible for general organization and administrative tasks related
 to learning & development activity including training calendar, surveys, tracking reports, etc. s/he will also be responsible for supporting the group’s training responsibilities, including but not limited to the following tasks: assisting in gathering and
 evaluating content for a learning & development library, working with product groups across macmillan learning digital platforms in the creation of training modules, coordination and communication of content needs to all internal stakeholders (including l&d
 managers, marketing managers, sales representatives/specialists), and for gathering that content from appropriate groups within an agreed upon timeline. the coordinator will also provide crm support, including monitoring questions about macmillan learning’s
 crm including faqs and basic questions from users as well as data transfer. 

the coordinator may also be responsible for conducting small group or one on one on-demand training on simple tasks; and assist l&d managers and the l&d director in the management of internal requests for training resources and content.

responsibilities: 

• gather and evaluate content and training resources, build and maintain learning & development library of training resources.

• create self-paced modules using macmillan learning digital platforms and coordinating with l&d managers, product managers, marketing, company leadership, and training audiences.
• work with l&d managers to create and update reports to track ml employee engagement with l&d resources, content, and live trainings.

• maintain training materials and improve current training processes and tools. 
• develop new training materials including sales tools, training videos, demo scripts, certification materials, etc. with enthusiasm and innovation.
• respond to requests from marketing and editorial to participate in the creation of materials needed for in-service, training and professional development.
• gain an in-depth knowledge of salesforce.com and provide occasional sfdc training on specific tasks.
• facilitate communication between employees and l&d managers. 
• organization of training calendars, administrative assistance to l&d managers and director.

• work and re-work schedules for in-person trainings, book appropriate facilitators well in advance of meetings.
• logistical organization for in-person trainings including booking conference rooms, hotel blocks, and social entertainment (dinners, etc.)

• actively participate at semi-annual macmillan learning sales meetings, regional sales meetings, and l&d team meetings.
• maintain company property including physical office equipment, all company materials, computer equipment and databases.
• manage and track travel & entertainment (t&e) activities and remain within budget.

skills/experience required: 

1-2 years professional experience in technology, education, administration, or training
proven record of project management and collaboration
highly skilled in using and learning new technology and digital platforms

education requirements: college degree 




apply on-line



send this job to a friend
















































































































































































                                 about us | careers | contact | site
                                            map | terms of use | privacy notice  
                                
visit a publisher’s website
 
adult trade
- - - - - - - - - -
farrar, straus & giroux
first second books
henry holt
macmillan audio
picador
st. martin's press
tor/forge
 
children’s
- - - - - - - - - -
feiwel & friends
farrar, straus & giroux books for young
                                        readers
henry holt books for young readers
priddy books
square fish books
tor starscape
 
college & academic
- - - - - - - - - -
bedford/st. martin's
palgrave macmillan
w.h. freeman
worth publishers
 
magazines & journals
- - - - - - - - - -
nature
scientific american




macmillan 2007 





































































 