













advisor data science description at dell





























skip navigation



















home
about careers at dell
hiring events
employee testimonials
sales
students
veterans























sign in







sign out






my account


place orders quickly and easily
view orders and track your shipping status
enjoy members-only rewards and discounts





sign in




create an account





premier sign in



partnerdirect  sign in




account settings


order status



my products



dell preferred account



dell advantage rewards



premier sign in



partnerdirect  sign in




sign out





















home
about careers at dell
hiring events
employee testimonials
students
veterans

































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































home
about careers at dell
hiring events
employee testimonials
students
veterans






 






rise and shine on.
you've waited your whole life for this.  the chance to be a part of something that transforms lives and can take your career to the next level.







search all dell jobs:


keyword



location




radius
radius
5 miles
15 miles
25 miles
35 miles
50 miles



search





click here to search by job category


business support jobs


communications jobs


corporate development & strategy jobs


delivery jobs


engineering jobs


finance jobs


graduates jobs


human resources jobs


india sales jobs


information technology jobs


inside sales jobs


internship jobs


legal jobs


manufacturing jobs


marketing jobs


materials & procurement jobs


new graduates jobs


product services jobs


production jobs


professional services jobs


remote jobs


revenue jobs


rsa jobs


sales jobs


secureworks jobs


services jobs


virtustream jobs











advisor data science
apply now
job id r15749 date posted 11/09/2017 location round rock,  texas
why work at dell?endless challenges and rewards. opportunities on six continents. a team of colleagues fueled by collaboration. all this, and a company deeply committed to integrity and responsibility.principal accountabilities1. interacts with business leaders to understand business strategy, conditions and problem areas2. contributes to business strategy and influences decision making based on information gained from deep dive analysis3. produces actionable & compelling recommendations by interpreting, exploring, identifying and communicating insights discovered from complex data sets4. partners with both internal & external sources to gather and examine data from disparate sources with the goal of discovering previously hidden insights5. designs, develops and programs methods, processes and systems to consolidate and analyze unstructured data to generate actionable insights and solutions6. develops and codes software programs, algorithms, and automated processes to cleanse, integrate and evaluate large datasets from multiple disparate sources7. constructs predictive models, algorithms and probability engines; verifies model and algorithm effectiveness based on actual resultsprincipal responsibilities0. develops and applies a broad range of techniques and theories from statistics, machine learning, and business intelligence to deliver actionable business insights to prospects and customers based on large-scale data;1. works under little to no supervision with internal and external teams to understand customer requirements2. leads and performs end-to-end steps involved in model development, while establishing subject-matter expertise in key horizontal or vertical themes3. executes preliminary data exploration, data preparation steps and variable/algorithm selection as well as model development/validation and scoring4. independently develops and drives testing of algorithms' efficacy for differing analytical use-cases5. delivers results and presentations in a timely manner6. leads definition of project use-cases, scope definition, and ongoing interaction with external customers to provide status updates and shares analytical insights7. leads the presentation of project outputs to external customers without assistance8. collaborate with internal sales teams to educate prospects and customers on analytics offerings while leading pre-sales discussions by presenting on analytics service offering and technology stackqualification:education and experiencetypically requires 8+ years of related experience in a professional role with a bachelors degree; or 6+ years with a masters degree; or 3+ years with a phd; or equivalent experiencerequired skills- microsoft office suites, modeling technique including linear and logistic regression, decision tree, sas background, microsoft sql, r, or other programming languages, data and detail oriented- appropriate mathematical knowledge- strong statistical analysis skills- strong knowledge of job associated programming languages-- strong understanding of business environment and industry trends- strong communication and problem solving skills- strives for professional development- ability to work in a team environment- customer focused- strong technical aptitude- possesses strong product/technology/industry knowledge- understanding of products and their value added to the customer
job family: business support 
job id: r15749
apply now



working in our round rock office
check out where you could be working if you apply.













                    dell in north america
                    explore jobs in our north american locations.








                    working in the americas
                    working in latin america












sign up for job alerts
email addressinterested inenter category and/or location, then click add. you must have at least one entry in the list below in order to subscribe.categorylocationaddbusiness support, round rock, texas, united statesremovegraduates, round rock, texas, united statesremoveremove

confirm email














recent jobs


commercial inside product specialist
round rock, texas


oem product application engineer - principal sys dev engineer
round rock, texas


hardware development engineer  round rock, tx
round rock, texas




useful links

schedule of hiring events
students
veterans
sales
corporate careers site
pivotal
secureworks
vmware



follow dell careers

facebook
twitter
linkedin
glassdoor
youtube
instagram














dell technologies
pivotal
secureworks
vmware
corporate blog














© 2017 dell
terms of sale
privacy statement
ads & emails
legal & regulatory
corporate social responsibility
contact






 


















