







careers | huawei united states














 

 




































huawei is a leading global information and communications technology (ict) solutions provider. through our dedication to customer-centric innovation and strong partnerships, we have established end-to-end advantages in telecom networks, devices and cloud computing. we are committed to creating maximum value for telecom operators, enterprises and consumers by providing competitive solutions and services. our products and solutions have been deployed in over 170 countries, serving more than one third of the world’s population. huawei has over 150,000 employees, approximately 70,000 of which are engaged in research & development. huawei operates a global network of 14 regional headquarters, 16 r&d centers, 28 innovation centers jointly operated with customers, and 45 training centers. huawei is leading the way by rethinking the future. from devices to telecom infrastructure to cloud computing and convergence solutions, we are rethinking every link in the chain with ict based innovation to deliver a better future...faster.


principal data scientist - operation research and optimization


location:
boston, ma (framingham)(r&d)


req #:
8867


# of openings:
1



description
responsibilities:


responsible for relevant optimization algorithm design and modeling implementation


apply operation research or applied mathematics methods to perform deep analysis ofbusiness and work as data guidelines


responsible for cutting-edge operations research methods and algorithm research


 
qualifications:

master’s degree in operations research and industrial engineering/machine learning/mathematical related major is preferred

proficiency in at least one of the following programming languages: c++ /java /python


good command of the programming language optimal algorithm library (including all types of typical problem adaptation heuristic algorithm) and computing framework


excellence in mathematics. good command of the principle of conventional mathematical planning method and feature differences.able to skillfully solve practical problems, including but not limited to:effective resource allocation and utilization/supply or transportation network planning/factory or distribution center location selection/machine learning/general operational research method


independent algorithm design, implementation, and verification capability


master data modeling process: business process determination, communicate to understand and confirm business rules


understand big data and artificial intelligence technology as well as mainstream problems


outstanding performance or breakthrough achievement in related field is preferred



must be able to read, write and speak english fluently

 

huawei  inc. is proud to be an equal opportunity employer.
all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.



why work for us?




in 2015, huawei's revenue reached cny395 billion (us$60.8 billion based on the year-end exchange rate), an increase of 37% (yoy)
we invest in engineering and innovation - 70,000+ of our 150,000+ global employees work in r&d
globally ranked #1 for international patent submissions
we continually invest heavily in global community involvement programs
we support green energy - lowered co2 emissions by 13,000 tons via huawei’s green packaging solutions
engaged in over 100 research projects with 50+ universities in the united states


























are you a returning applicant?












previous applicants:


email:





password:





if you do not remember your password click here.




back to search results


new search







copyright © huawei technologies co., ltd. 1998-2017. all rights reserved.
 




