



careers

























careers  |  contact 






























































































































































































                                 

                                 

                                 

                                 

                                 

                                 












job details






















requisition number
17-0636


post date
10/4/2017


title
customer-focused content developer, statistics


organization name
macmillan learning


city
austin


state
tx


description
macmillan learning is a part of the family-owned holtzbrinck group of companies and is one of the leading educational technology companies. through deep partnership with the world's best researchers, educators, administrators, and developers, we facilitate
 teaching and learning opportunities that spark student engagement and improve outcomes. we provide educators with tailored solutions designed to inspire student curiosity and measure progress. macmillan learning is comprised of renowned brands including bedford/st.
 martins, w.h. freeman, worth publishers, sapling learning, skyfactor, intellus learning, late nite labs, and hayden-mcneil. we are an equal opportunity employer committed to reflecting a broad representation of differences -- race, ethnicity, religion, sex,
 sexual orientation, gender identity/expression, physical ability, age, family status, economic background and status, geographical background and status, and perspective-- in our workplace. the successful candidate for this position will become an employee
 of bedford freeman & worth publishing group, llc (“bfw”), d/b/a macmillan learning. bedford freeman & worth publishing group, llc has developed an affirmative action program in compliance with the ny department of education’s guidance. portions of the affirmative
 action program are available for review by applicants and employees by contacting human resources.


requirements
purpose of the role:
the customer-focused content developer, statistics, is a subject-matter expert who contributes to the macmillan learning brand statistics content development. s/he spends the majority of her/his time actively working on content that is requested to meet the
 unique needs of instructors and institutions, including using her/his subject matter expertise to author and review questions to both customer specifications and macmillan standards. as requested by her/his manager, he or she may lead projects, such as looking
 at methods for efficiency and best practices in bespoke content creation.

this position requires direct interaction with customers and other customer-facing macmillan learning employees as well as other members of the content team.


key responsibilities & tasks:
● use subject matter expertise to write and review customer-requested content; writes specifications for questions and manages customer-requested proprietary tracking document; coordinates with content bank owner to determine and take action on long term strategy
 and use of content items
● create and revise templates and/or courses for customers
● work with acquisition editors and product owners to participate in market outreach events, such as prototype demos and conference attendance, to ensure products exceeds market requirements.

● work with marketing and sales to document rationale behind programs, build demo kits, create copy for collateral, and answer questions
● participate as an active stakeholder or leader for initiatives in bespoke content creation
● communicate directly with customers about their particular content needs

skills & experience:
required:
● excellent communication, both verbal and written
● critical eye for detail
● problem solving

preferred:
● excellent natural organization and project management skills
● experience teaching within higher education statistics courses
● some experience in customer service or sales
● ability to focus on multiple tasks in fast paced environment
● experience working in an agile environment 
● previous experience in math content development

education required:
● ms or phd within statistics or related field



apply on-line



send this job to a friend
















































































































































































                                 about us | careers | contact | site
                                            map | terms of use | privacy notice  
                                
visit a publisher’s website
 
adult trade
- - - - - - - - - -
farrar, straus & giroux
first second books
henry holt
macmillan audio
picador
st. martin's press
tor/forge
 
children’s
- - - - - - - - - -
feiwel & friends
farrar, straus & giroux books for young
                                        readers
henry holt books for young readers
priddy books
square fish books
tor starscape
 
college & academic
- - - - - - - - - -
bedford/st. martin's
palgrave macmillan
w.h. freeman
worth publishers
 
magazines & journals
- - - - - - - - - -
nature
scientific american




macmillan 2007 





































































 