







careers | huawei united states














 

 




































huawei is a leading global information and communications technology (ict) solutions provider. through our dedication to customer-centric innovation and strong partnerships, we have established end-to-end advantages in telecom networks, devices and cloud computing. we are committed to creating maximum value for telecom operators, enterprises and consumers by providing competitive solutions and services. our products and solutions have been deployed in over 170 countries, serving more than one third of the world’s population. huawei has over 150,000 employees, approximately 70,000 of which are engaged in research & development. huawei operates a global network of 14 regional headquarters, 16 r&d centers, 28 innovation centers jointly operated with customers, and 45 training centers. huawei is leading the way by rethinking the future. from devices to telecom infrastructure to cloud computing and convergence solutions, we are rethinking every link in the chain with ict based innovation to deliver a better future...faster.


global supply chain distinguished research scientist


location:
boston, ma (framingham)(r&d)


req #:
8869


# of openings:
1



description
responsibilities:  


to lead huawei global supply chain transformation and innovation, act as thought leader and core architect to design next-generation supply chain for huawei


as subject-matter expert (sme) of huawei supply chain, systematically design huawei future-oriented supply chain to-be model and business architecture


incubation from “advanced thoughts ” to “ product prototype ” (turn the imagined future into a sustained reality) by scenario analysis and digital model, to design “product” definition and develop application system


leveraging the best industry practices to lead the huawei global supply chain vision of providing solutions that continuously evolve in pace with the needs of the business


deeply research and provide insight for the advanced supply chain technology (such as iot, big data technology, artificial intelligence etc.) and the future development trends, research and apply the best practice and technology to huawei supply chain business


present reference value and scm optimizing direction through attending the global supply chain forums and summits, deep communication and cooperation with the leading scm experts and professor’s from renowned enterprise, university and professional research institutions


 
qualifications:


master’s degree, statistics/machine learning/mathematics related major is preferred


be proficient in at least one programming language:c++ /java /python


good command of programming language statistical algorithm and calculate framework


good mathematics knowledge, command of the principle of conventional statistical methods and different features. able to solve the practical problems, including but not limited to: cluster/category/data mining and machine learning/general statistical methods


independent algorithm design, implementation, and verification capability


good command of data modeling process:sample selection, feature engineering, hypothesis testing and parameter optimal searching


good understanding of big data and artificial intelligence technology and mainstream problems


outstanding performance or breakthrough achievement in related field is preferred



must be able to read, write and speak english fluently


huawei  inc. is proud to be an equal opportunity employer.
all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.



why work for us?




in 2015, huawei's revenue reached cny395 billion (us$60.8 billion based on the year-end exchange rate), an increase of 37% (yoy)
we invest in engineering and innovation - 70,000+ of our 150,000+ global employees work in r&d
globally ranked #1 for international patent submissions
we continually invest heavily in global community involvement programs
we support green energy - lowered co2 emissions by 13,000 tons via huawei’s green packaging solutions
engaged in over 100 research projects with 50+ universities in the united states


























are you a returning applicant?












previous applicants:


email:





password:





if you do not remember your password click here.




back to search results


new search







copyright © huawei technologies co., ltd. 1998-2017. all rights reserved.
 




