

senior deep learning research scientist - mathworks jobs


















































toggle main navigation













log in

products
solutions
academia
support
community
events
contact us
how to buy
















contact us
how to buy

log in















products
solutions
academia
support
community
events


















careers at mathworks

  










careers overview
teams & roles

overview
engineering & development
sales & support
marketing
business operations


job search
new graduates & students

overview
engineering & computer science (bachelor's, master's, phd)
non-engineering
internships
college recruiting schedule


resources

awards and recognition
u.s. benefits
office locations
careers account faq


careers account
















careers overview
teams & roles

overview
engineering & development
sales & support
marketing
business operations


job search
new graduates & students

overview
engineering & computer science (bachelor's, master's, phd)
non-engineering
internships
college recruiting schedule


resources

awards and recognition
u.s. benefits
office locations
careers account faq


careers account















search for more jobs








senior deep learning research scientist









job:
us-ma-natick | software development | 18411-mcar




 apply now  



















job summary

do you have a passion for emerging technologies with a knack for identifying trends and conceiving innovative solutions?  come join us to work together on strengthening our ties with the deep learning research community!  be part of a dynamic multidisciplinary team that works with academic and industry customers around the world to advance the design of complex engineered systems.  help us with technology transfer and adoption while providing guidance on research directions that have industrial relevance and impact.

responsibilities
as a talented and enthusiastic member of our research team you will:

gain insight into industry needs and provide guidance to the research community with publications, presentations, as well as deep technical engagement.
contribute to the research community by organizing special sessions, panels, industry talks, grand challenges, and special issues.
accelerate research by creating and promoting case studies, benchmarks, interfaces, and prototype solutions.
work directly with development engineers to implement relevant product capabilities.
help articulate key needs for research customers and provide subject matter expertise to guide the direction of and contribute to our long-term technology roadmap.
champion collaborative projects between thought leaders and mathworks development engineers.
identify advanced technology needs and conceive innovative solutions to strengthen our intellectual property portfolio.


minimum qualifications
a bachelor's degree and 7 years of professional work experience (or a master's degree and 5 years of professional work experience, or a phd degree) is required.
experience with matlab

additional qualifications

ph.d. and two years of postdoctoral experience.
experience with robotics, deep learning, and/or automated driving research. 
programming experience.
significant publication track record in research.
experience in organizing the research community.
experience in computational modeling and physical implementations.





why mathworks?
it’s the chance to collaborate with bright, passionate people. it’s contributing to software products that make a difference in the world. and it’s being part of a company with an incredible commitment to doing the right thing – for each individual, our customers, and the local community.
mathworks develops matlab and simulink, the leading technical computing software used by engineers and scientists. the company employs 3500 people in 15 countries, with headquarters in natick, massachusetts, u.s.a. mathworks is privately held and has been profitable every year since its founding in 1984.



apply now 




        the mathworks, inc. is an equal opportunity employer. we evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, veteran status, and other protected characteristics. the eeo is the law poster is available here.


mathworks participates in e-verify. view the e-verify posters here.
        





job:
us-ma-natick
        software development
        18411-mcar
 apply now 















×







select your country
choose your country to get translated content where available and see local events and offers. based on your location, we recommend that you select: .



you can also select a location from the following list:


americas

canada (english)
united states (english)



europe



belgium (english)
denmark (english)
deutschland (deutsch)
españa (español)
finland (english)
france (français)
ireland (english)
italia (italiano)
luxembourg (english)




netherlands (english)
norway (english)
österreich (deutsch)
portugal (english)
sweden (english)
switzerland
                    
deutsch
english
français


united kingdom (english)





asia pacific

australia (english)
india (english)
new zealand (english)
中国 (简体中文)
日本 (日本語)
한국 (한국어)



see all countries













 




explore products

matlab
simulink
student software
hardware support
file exchange



try or buy

downloads
trial software
contact sales
pricing and licensing



learn to use

documentation
tutorials
examples 
videos and webinars
training




get support

installation help
answers 
consulting
application status
license center



about mathworks

careers
newsroom
social mission
about mathworks





mathworks
accelerating the pace of engineering and science
mathworks is the leading developer of mathematical computing software for engineers and scientists.
discover...


















united states





patents
trademarks
privacy policy
preventing piracy



© 1994-2017 the mathworks, inc.
































join the conversation














