


amazon.jobs:alexa deep learning scientist

















































please enable cookies to continue
please enable cookies in your browser to experience all the personalized features of this site, including the ability to apply for a job.





returning candidate?

log back in!





alexa deep learning scientist



alexa deep learning scientist




job id 

419819




location 
us-ma-cambridge





posted date 

7/7/2017




company 
amazon corporate llc





recruiting team 

..











job description







amazon is looking for a passionate, talented, and inventive scientist with a strong machine learning background to help build industry-leading speech and language technology. our mission is to push the envelope in automatic speech recognition (asr), natural language understanding (nlu), and audio signal processing, in order to provide the best-possible experience for our customers.as a speech and language scientist, you will work with talented peers to develop novel algorithms and modeling techniques to advance the state of the art in spoken language understanding. your work will directly impact our customers in the form of products and services that make use of speech and language technology. you will leverage amazon’s heterogeneous data sources and large-scale computing resources to accelerate advances in spoken language understanding.we are hiring in all areas of spoken language understanding: asr, nlu, text-to-speech (tts), and dialog management.







basic qualifications







basic qualifications graduate degree (ms or phd) in electrical engineering, computer sciences, or mathematics with specialization in speech recognition, natural language processing, or machine learning.familiar with programming languages such as c/c++, java, perl or python.







preferred qualifications







preferred qualifications:experience in building speech recognition and natural language processing systems (e.g. commercial speech products or government speech projects)solid machine learning background and familiar with standard speech and machine learning techniques.scientific thinking and the ability to invent, a track record of thought leadership and contributions that have advanced the fieldsolid software development experiencegood written and spoken communication skills.amazon is an equal opportunity-affirmative action employer - female/minority/disability/veteranspeech-jobs






apply for this job onlineapplyshareemail this job to a friendrefer



share on your newsfeed
















