


























scientist, machine learning

        at charles river analytics
      
(view all jobs)

        cambridge, ma
      


this is an exciting opportunity for an enthusiastic computer scientist with strong expertise in artificial intelligence, machine learning, and probabilistic modeling to work on cutting-edge intelligent systems research applied to real operational problems.   example projects you would work on include:

explaining the behavior of machine learning systems playing games like starcraft
predicting and monitoring faults in microgrid power systems
using machine learning to diagnose traumatic injuries
predicting the future evolution of malware families

you will develop and use ideas from a number of fields including probabilistic modeling, machine learning, programming languages, natural language understanding, cyber security, databases, and game theory. you will work in small project-oriented teams with a principal investigator and a senior software engineer. you will have the opportunity to design and execute your own research projects, growing into a principal investigator where you will pursue your own interests. you will also have the opportunity to attend conferences and have your work published.     
major responsibilities/activities: 

design new methods or use existing methods from the literature to solve problems for challenging applications
write papers and reports on existing projects
formulate new ideas and develop proposals for new projects, including establishing new areas of research
present your work to customers, collaborators, and the research community
communicate effectively with supervisor and other team members

 minimum requirements:

masters in computer science, engineering, or related area. outstanding candidates without a masters will also be considered.
expertise in machine learning and/or probabilistic modeling methods
ability to work independently or within a team environment
ability to translate user needs and system features into actionable requirements for software engineering teams to produce technical solutions
us citizenship is required for this position

 preferred requirements:

experience with deep learning, probabilistic programming, or computational game theory
demonstrated experience building artificial intelligence applications in a general purpose programming language such as java, scala, and/or python.
experience directly interacting with customers and/or users
proven ability to generate proposals, publications, or similar written materials

benefits:
charles river analytics offers competitive compensation plus bonus and profit-sharing, with an attractive benefits package including: up to 92% employer-paid medical and 100% employer-paid dental, vision, life and disability insurance, paid maternity/paternity leave, tuition reimbursement, monthly gym allowance, free parking, generous paid time off, and a casual environment. we are also accessible by public transportation.








apply for this job

* required
        


first name *



last name *



email *



phone *



resume/cv *


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 














cover letter


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 

















linkedin profile
    





website
    





how did you hear about this job? *






what are your compensation expectations? please use specific dollar amounts (applications containing "negotiable" will not be considered) *






what is your citizenship status? *



please selectus citizen
green card holder
h1 visa
other visa
canadian citizenship
other


do you have an active dod security clearance? *



please selectno active security clearance
confidential
secret
top secret
ts/sci




u.s. equal opportunity employment information (completion is voluntary)


  individuals seeking employment at charles river analytics are considered without regards
  to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical
  or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation. you are
  being given the opportunity to provide the following information in order to help us
  comply with federal and state equal employment opportunity/affirmative action record
  keeping, reporting, and other legal requirements.


  completion of the form is entirely voluntary. whatever your decision,
  it will not be considered in the hiring process or thereafter. any information that you
  do provide will be recorded and maintained in a confidential file.


gender
please selectmale
female
decline to self identify


are you hispanic/latino?
please selectyes
no
decline to self identify


please identify your race
please selectamerican indian or alaskan native
asian
black or african american
hispanic or latino
white
native hawaiian or other pacific islander
two or more races
decline to self identify


      race & ethnicity definitions


  if you believe you belong to any of the categories of protected veterans listed below,
  please indicate by making the appropriate selection.  as a government contractor
  subject to vietnam era veterans readjustment assistance act (vevraa), we request this
  information in order to measure the effectiveness of the outreach and positive
  recruitment efforts we undertake pursuant to vevraa. classification of protected
  categories is as follows:


  a "disabled veteran" is one of the following: a veteran of the u.s. military, ground,
  naval or air service who is entitled to compensation (or who but for the receipt of
  military retired pay would be entitled to compensation) under laws administered by the
  secretary of veterans affairs; or a person who was discharged or released from active
  duty because of a service-connected disability.


  a "recently separated veteran" means any veteran during the three-year period beginning
  on the date of such veteran's discharge or release from active duty in the u.s.
  military, ground, naval, or air service.


  an "active duty wartime or campaign badge veteran" means a veteran who served on active
  duty in the u.s. military, ground, naval or air service during a war, or in a campaign
  or expedition for which a campaign badge has been authorized under the laws
  administered by the department of defense.


  an "armed forces service medal veteran" means a veteran who, while serving on active
  duty in the u.s. military, ground, naval or air service, participated in a united
  states military operation for which an armed forces service medal was awarded pursuant
  to executive order 12985.


veteran status
please selecti am not a protected veteran
i identify as one or more of the classifications of a protected veteran
i don't wish to answer



form cc-305
omb control number 1250-0005
expires 1/31/2020

voluntary self-identification of disability
why are you being asked to complete this form?

  because we do business with the government, we must reach out to, hire, and provide
  equal opportunity to qualified people with disabilities1.  to help us
  measure how well we are doing, we are asking you to tell us if you have a disability or
  if you ever had a disability.  completing this form is voluntary, but we hope that you
  will choose to fill it out.  if you are applying for a job, any answer you give will be
  kept private and will not be used against you in any way.


  if you already work for us, your answer will not be used against you in any way.
  because a person may become disabled at any time, we are required to ask all of our
  employees to update their information every five years.  you may voluntarily
  self-identify as having a disability on this form without fear of any punishment
  because you did not identify as having a disability earlier.

how do i know if i have a disability?

  you are considered to have a disability if you have a physical or mental impairment or
  medical condition that substantially limits a major life activity, or if you have a
  history or record of such an impairment or medical condition.

disabilities include, but are not limited to:

blindness
deafness
cancer
diabetes
epilepsy
autism
cerebral palsy
hiv/aids
schizophrenia
muscular dystrophy
bipolar disorder
major depression
multiple sclerosis (ms)
missing limbs or partially missing limbs
post-traumatic stress disorder (ptsd)
obsessive compulsive disorder
impairments requiring the use of a wheelchair
intellectual disability (previously called mental retardation)


disability status
please selectyes, i have a disability (or previously had a disability)
no, i don't have a disability
i don't wish to answer

reasonable accommodation notice

  federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified
  individuals with disabilities. please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation
  to apply for a job or to perform your job.  examples of reasonable accommodation
  include making a change to the application process or work procedures, providing
  documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using
  specialized equipment.


1section 503 of the rehabilitation act of 1973, as amended.  for more
  information about this form or the equal employment obligations of federal contractors,
  visit the u.s. department of labor's office of federal contract compliance programs
  (ofccp) website at www.dol.gov/ofccp.


  public burden statement:  according to the paperwork reduction act of 1995 no persons
  are required to respond to a collection of information unless such collection displays
  a valid omb control number. this survey should take about 5 minutes to complete.








 















