





senior machine learning engineer – spotify jobs
















































job categories
locations
backstage
students
search jobs













job categories
locations
backstage
students
search jobs













senior machine learning engineer

data & analytics / engineering & it / machine learning / software engineering in boston, usa 



what you’ll do

apply machine learning methods to massive data sets to extend and enhance spotify’s means of understanding and engaging users across various contexts and modalities
prototype new algorithms and production-ize solutions at scale
collaborate with a cross-functional agile team of back end engineers, data engineers, front-end engineers, and other ml experts 
iterate on quality through offline and online testing
be part of an active group of machine learners in boston (and across spotify) learning from and encouraging one another
work from our office in boston (davis square) with opportunity to travel to new york and stockholm

who you are

strong background in machine learning or a related field. significant expertise in personalized machine learning algorithms, recommender systems, understanding of natural language or other unstructured data, or deep learning is a plus.
2-3 years or more in industry on a team implementing machine learning systems in java, scala, python or similar languages (not just r or matlab, as cool as those can be :-)
you care about agile software processes, data-driven development, reliability, and disciplined experimentation
you preferably have experience with data pipeline and storage frameworks like bigquery, hadoop, scio, spark, cassandra, kafka, etc.
you’re motivated by the belief that music improves lives.

we are proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination. we strongly believe that diversity of experience, perspectives, and background will lead to a better environment for our employees and a better product for our users and our creators. this is something we value deeply and we encourage everyone to come be a part of changing the way the world listens to music.




share

						save					







apply now







similar jobs








job
category
location






data engineer



analytics, data & analytics, engineering & it, software engineering 

london, uk 




software development engineer in test qe / sdet



engineering & it, quality assistance, software engineering 

london, uk 




product insights manager – advertising product and platforms



data & analytics, design & ux, product design, user research 

new york, usa 




engineering manager – content engine



engineering & it, software engineering 

stockholm, sweden 











							more jobs						







related content







 

								boston							
see more jobs in boston.





 

								engineering & it							
see more jobs in engineering & it.





 

								data & analytics							
see more jobs in data & analytics.








spotify
company

about
press
news


communities

for artists
developers
brands


useful links

help
gift
web player








instagram





twitter





facebook





linkedin






legal
cookies


© 2017 spotify ab  |  powered by wordpress.com vip

powered by wordpress.com vip












