







careers | huawei united states














 

 




































huawei is a leading global information and communications technology (ict) solutions provider. through our dedication to customer-centric innovation and strong partnerships, we have established end-to-end advantages in telecom networks, devices and cloud computing. we are committed to creating maximum value for telecom operators, enterprises and consumers by providing competitive solutions and services. our products and solutions have been deployed in over 170 countries, serving more than one third of the world’s population. huawei has over 150,000 employees, approximately 70,000 of which are engaged in research & development. huawei operates a global network of 14 regional headquarters, 16 r&d centers, 28 innovation centers jointly operated with customers, and 45 training centers. huawei is leading the way by rethinking the future. from devices to telecom infrastructure to cloud computing and convergence solutions, we are rethinking every link in the chain with ict based innovation to deliver a better future...faster.


principal statistical data scientist


location:
boston, ma (framingham)(r&d)


req #:
8868


# of openings:
1



description
responsibilities:  


responsible for relevant statistical algorithm design and modeling implementation


apply statistical methods to deep analyze business and work as a data guideline


responsible for cutting-edge statistical methods.research and solve algorithm problems


 
qualifications:


master’s degree, statistics/machine learning/mathematics related major is preferred


be proficient in at least one programming language:c++ /java /python


good command of programming language statistical algorithm and calculate framework


good mathematics knowledge, command of the principle of conventional statistical methods and different features. able to solve the practical problems, including but not limited to: cluster/category/data mining and machine learning/general statistical methods


independent algorithm design, implementation, and verification capability


good command of data modeling process:sample selection, feature engineering, hypothesis testing and parameter optimal searching


good understanding of big data and artificial intelligence technology and mainstream problems


outstanding performance or breakthrough achievement in related field is preferred



must be able to read, write and speak english fluently

 

huawei  inc. is proud to be an equal opportunity employer.
all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.



why work for us?




in 2015, huawei's revenue reached cny395 billion (us$60.8 billion based on the year-end exchange rate), an increase of 37% (yoy)
we invest in engineering and innovation - 70,000+ of our 150,000+ global employees work in r&d
globally ranked #1 for international patent submissions
we continually invest heavily in global community involvement programs
we support green energy - lowered co2 emissions by 13,000 tons via huawei’s green packaging solutions
engaged in over 100 research projects with 50+ universities in the united states


























are you a returning applicant?












previous applicants:


email:





password:





if you do not remember your password click here.




back to search results


new search







copyright © huawei technologies co., ltd. 1998-2017. all rights reserved.
 




