



job application for software engineer - machine learning at pindrop
























          apply now
        
software engineer - machine learning

        at pindrop
      
(view all jobs)

        atlanta, ga
      


the job
the pindrop protect research team is focused on developing new technologies and product lines to enhance our ability to detect phone fraud using big data and audio science. we're constantly looking to find new ways to utilize the data we are ingesting from the analysis of voice and audio channels.
as a software engineer on our research team, you will work with streaming audio data to build robust machine learning pipelines for feature calculation, model training, prediction, reporting, fault recovery, and more. you will touch all aspects of this pipeline while developing novel applied machine learning products.
responsibilities:

implement machine learning algorithms and develop new product lines to help establish security, identity, and trust on every voice interaction
deliver high performance code into production cloud applications in a team environment
operate in an enterprise-class agile product development environment by demonstrating comfort with process and tools including ide’s, compilers, debuggers, profilers, version control systems, code coverage tools, automated testing tools, and usability

what skills we're looking for:

strong software development experience with python, c++, or a similar language
experience in a linux environment
experience implementing machine learning algorithms in a professional environment
deep understanding of both relational and non-relational databases
ms in computer science or electrical engineering (a focus on machine learning is ideal)

who we're looking for:

highly competent engineers who are passionate about working with new technologies and sharing new discoveries
engineers who enjoy a highly collaborative environment and are eager to present new ideas and solutions to their peers
those that won't hesitate to ask for help when needed. we're all learning something new at pindrop

 
perks at pindrop
we hire good people, and take care of them. pindrop believes in fostering an environment where employees don’t just come to work hard, but play hard. we host regular game nights, team challenges, and offsite events (not to mention the endless snacks and catered meals) to keep everyone involved in our company culture. none of these strike you? we appreciate new ideas any and everywhere. let us know what interests you and we can incorporate it into our tea time twice a month. grab a beer and discover something new.
keep learning. pindrop offers regular lunch & learns and tech talks that promote an environment for people to grow outside of their job title. want to learn to code with minimal experience? come to our intro to python tech talk. interested in march madness? see how data science can help you beat the bracket at our data science in the real world lunch & learn. in addition to these events, we promote a continued education budget for each of our employees to grow and improve in tandem with the company.
our employees are creative, excited, and above all a team. pindrop is one of the fastest growing security startups in the country, but we make sure to hire only the best of the best. better yet, every employee is passionate about the company and our mission. (can you blame us?) when you put that passion in a collaborative setting it unites everyone as a team.
fighting criminals is in the job description. no matter which facet of pindrop you want to work for, we are all working towards the same goal-- making sure the bad guys don’t win.
 
our bio

founded in 2011  |  raised $122 million
venture backed by andreessen horowitz, google capital, ivp, citi ventures, felicis ventures, & gv

pindrop is the pioneer in voice fraud prevention and authentication. we provide enterprise solutions to reduce fraud losses and authentication expense for some of the largest call centers in the world. pindrop’s patented phoneprinting™ technology can identify, locate and authenticate phone devices uniquely just from the call audio thereby detecting fraudulent calls as well as verifying legitimate callers. we have been selected by the world’s largest banks, insurers, brokerages and retailers, detecting over 80% of fraud even for attackers never seen before. pindrop’s solutions are allowing customers to reduce call time and improve their customers’ experience even while reducing fraud losses.
  
check out this video to get more of an idea of what we doand all the good karma you’ll rack up working for us.

pindrop is an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. we do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.
 







apply for this job

* required
        







first name *



last name *



email *



phone



resume/cv *


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 














cover letter


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 

















linkedin profile
    





website
    





how did you hear about this job? *






link to github profile?
    







u.s. equal opportunity employment information (completion is voluntary)


  individuals seeking employment at pindrop are considered without regards
  to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical
  or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation. you are
  being given the opportunity to provide the following information in order to help us
  comply with federal and state equal employment opportunity/affirmative action record
  keeping, reporting, and other legal requirements.


  completion of the form is entirely voluntary. whatever your decision,
  it will not be considered in the hiring process or thereafter. any information that you
  do provide will be recorded and maintained in a confidential file.


gender
please selectmale
female
decline to self identify


are you hispanic/latino?
please selectyes
no
decline to self identify


please identify your race
please selectamerican indian or alaskan native
asian
black or african american
hispanic or latino
white
native hawaiian or other pacific islander
two or more races
decline to self identify


      race & ethnicity definitions


  if you believe you belong to any of the categories of protected veterans listed below,
  please indicate by making the appropriate selection.  as a government contractor
  subject to vietnam era veterans readjustment assistance act (vevraa), we request this
  information in order to measure the effectiveness of the outreach and positive
  recruitment efforts we undertake pursuant to vevraa. classification of protected
  categories is as follows:


  a "disabled veteran" is one of the following: a veteran of the u.s. military, ground,
  naval or air service who is entitled to compensation (or who but for the receipt of
  military retired pay would be entitled to compensation) under laws administered by the
  secretary of veterans affairs; or a person who was discharged or released from active
  duty because of a service-connected disability.


  a "recently separated veteran" means any veteran during the three-year period beginning
  on the date of such veteran's discharge or release from active duty in the u.s.
  military, ground, naval, or air service.


  an "active duty wartime or campaign badge veteran" means a veteran who served on active
  duty in the u.s. military, ground, naval or air service during a war, or in a campaign
  or expedition for which a campaign badge has been authorized under the laws
  administered by the department of defense.


  an "armed forces service medal veteran" means a veteran who, while serving on active
  duty in the u.s. military, ground, naval or air service, participated in a united
  states military operation for which an armed forces service medal was awarded pursuant
  to executive order 12985.


veteran status
please selecti am not a protected veteran
i identify as one or more of the classifications of a protected veteran
i don't wish to answer



form cc-305
omb control number 1250-0005
expires 1/31/2020

voluntary self-identification of disability
why are you being asked to complete this form?

  because we do business with the government, we must reach out to, hire, and provide
  equal opportunity to qualified people with disabilities1.  to help us
  measure how well we are doing, we are asking you to tell us if you have a disability or
  if you ever had a disability.  completing this form is voluntary, but we hope that you
  will choose to fill it out.  if you are applying for a job, any answer you give will be
  kept private and will not be used against you in any way.


  if you already work for us, your answer will not be used against you in any way.
  because a person may become disabled at any time, we are required to ask all of our
  employees to update their information every five years.  you may voluntarily
  self-identify as having a disability on this form without fear of any punishment
  because you did not identify as having a disability earlier.

how do i know if i have a disability?

  you are considered to have a disability if you have a physical or mental impairment or
  medical condition that substantially limits a major life activity, or if you have a
  history or record of such an impairment or medical condition.

disabilities include, but are not limited to:

blindness
deafness
cancer
diabetes
epilepsy
autism
cerebral palsy
hiv/aids
schizophrenia
muscular dystrophy
bipolar disorder
major depression
multiple sclerosis (ms)
missing limbs or partially missing limbs
post-traumatic stress disorder (ptsd)
obsessive compulsive disorder
impairments requiring the use of a wheelchair
intellectual disability (previously called mental retardation)


disability status
please selectyes, i have a disability (or previously had a disability)
no, i don't have a disability
i don't wish to answer

reasonable accommodation notice

  federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified
  individuals with disabilities. please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation
  to apply for a job or to perform your job.  examples of reasonable accommodation
  include making a change to the application process or work procedures, providing
  documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using
  specialized equipment.


1section 503 of the rehabilitation act of 1973, as amended.  for more
  information about this form or the equal employment obligations of federal contractors,
  visit the u.s. department of labor's office of federal contract compliance programs
  (ofccp) website at www.dol.gov/ofccp.


  public burden statement:  according to the paperwork reduction act of 1995 no persons
  are required to respond to a collection of information unless such collection displays
  a valid omb control number. this survey should take about 5 minutes to complete.








 



share this job:    













powered by 

 
      read our privacy policy

















