

clinical research budgets and contracts in sacramento, ca, 95817






































	you need to have javascript enabled in your browser to use this application.
	if you need help with this setting, please view our help doc.
	


it is recommended to have cookies enabled in your browser to use this application.
if you need help with this setting, please view our help doc.






need help?
email us: support@hiremojo.com

call us: 
 
         
         
        800.395.2805 ext 3 
         



clinical research budgets and contracts






this web application works best on firefox and chrome browsers.

clinical research budgets and contracts



are you someone who has deep familiarity and hands on experience with clinical research?  are you a critical thinker who has a great attention to detail and is wise with spreadsheets?  are you a self-starter who is driven to take the lead, show initiative and is excited about expanding your horizons through learning and implementing new software in a supportive team environment?  do you thrive under pressure, are able to multitask but keep your cool when the pressure is on?  if you answered yes to all of these, and have clinical trial experience, then make sure to click the apply button!
uc davis clinical trials office is a dynamic, rapidly growing organization functioning as an  academic cro. we provide clinical trial services to over 10 departments and specialties ranging from hematology to obgyn to parkinson's. our team is comprised of clinical research coordinators, regulatory analysts, project managers and finance analysts (www.ucdmc.ucdavis.edu/clinicaltrials). 
one of the most difficult components of a trial is financial management: budgets, contracts, hospital billing, accounting and invoicing of study sponsors. with such large portfolio of trials and with over 20 trials in pipeline, we struggle to complete all budgets, contracts and invoicing within the desired timelines. we are seeking an experienced clinical research coordinator who can jump in and take on responsibilities for budgets and contracts.
training will be provided!  we realize that many clinical research coordinators are exposed to study finances, but may not have had an opportunity to dive deeper into this area of expertise. our team will provide full hands-on support with training on clinical trials budgets, contracts and invoicing.
 

what will you be doing?
if you love a challenge, you'll find that our environment is very rewarding.  with your prior experience in clinical trial protocols, you will help us tease out the logistics of the study and translate protocol into billable line items.  you'll work closely with team members to create internal budgets and then compare with our sponsor budget and negotiate.  preparation and submission of contract documents and invoices to sponsors will also be a part of your day-to-day, as well as tracking payments received.  we will train you on independently developing budget analysis for industry studies and to create internal budgets for industry-sponsored studies using the uc davis budget template.  you will also independently prepare comparative analysis with sponsor budgets to make sure we are paying the bills!
you'll communicate this information with principal investigators and other responsible parties about the cost of the project and secure departmental review and approval.  you'll also be working with our invoicing software to make sure that all contractual line items are reflected properly there, and that invoices are sent in a timely manner.  you'll also meet regularly with clinical research coordinators to ensure we are getting accurate patient visit information for invoicing purposes.  you'll also process invoices from multiple sites in the course of multi-site investigator-initiated studies and make sure payments are both timely and accurate for those sites.  lastly, we will train you on uc davis financial systems and hr data management applications to manage operating and payroll costs, compile and manage administrative data and reconcile actual expenditures according to their budgeted projections.
specific activities

independently assist the ctcs clinical trials office in generating and developing internal budgets and sponsor budgets. work with the cto personnel to gather all necessary data to complete the budgets. such service may include: analyzing the protocol and providing comments and suggestions directed at cost recovery, recommending budget related terms for the budget and for the contract related to the study, noting compliance issues, reviewing budget details including code assignments, ensuring that irb fees are properly and accurately charged and  that indirect costs are appropriately applied, determining if the project is appropriately categorized as a clinical trial (in consultation with health system contracts and the pi), reviewing effort commitment and pi salary, asserting that coverage analysis reflect ucdhs policies, assist in preparation and completion of all forms required for the initiation of a clinical trial.
independently negotiate clinical trial budgets with industry sponsors on behalf of the pi and department.  in close consultation with the department, the clinical trial contracts analysts, and the cto ensure that the university’s financial and legal interests are protected through proper cost recovery and appropriate charges.  utilize available resources to negotiate, including previous ucdhs budgets, other institution budget information, cost analysis for the study, etc.  maintain working relationships with industry sponsors and uc partners to ensure policy and compliance requirements are met and to foster current and future research.  once a final budget is approved by the department and the pi, forward all necessary documentation and the final budget to the contracts officers for negotiation of the agreement.  attend regular meetings with other ucdhs and other uc departments to promote best practices in budget negotiation and to maximize the value of a central clinical trial budget review.
develop and update electronic tools to assist in clinical trial budget development and negotiation and attain expertise with all current and future electronic systems used to develop budgets.
ensure that budget related terms are included with the budget or negotiated in the contract in concert with other clinical trial contracts staff.

 
we want you to succeed!  how will you do that?
meeting your timelines for completing the tasks, without errors and revisions, initiating and implementing process improvements, being able to demonstrate a deep knowledge of each individual study, keeping detailed notes and following established processes and working collaboratively with team members will help you succeed with us.
we have a team of highly professional, achieving individuals, and yet we are personable and a close-knit groups. we share in the team successes on a professional level and in the success of each teammate on a personal level. we are collegial, easy going and  cohesive. we choose carefully who joins our team to make sure that our team “organism” is healthy and highly functional. we are constantly reinventing ourselves, our approaches to services, the way we do business, our processes. we are being nimble to be best in business.  uc davis is family friendly place to work where it is possible to achieve a reasonable life-work balance.

clinical trials office (cto) provides a comprehensive array of clinical trial management services to investigators across uc davis. in addition, every year we implement education and training programs for clinical research staff, support compliance with clinicaltrials.gov, and facilitate participant recruitment. 
 


related keywords:
clinical research coordinator, budgets, clinical trials, sponsor, invoice, clinical research





job information

job id
ucdavis fin anl 2017
company

                
                    
	 					u.c. davis medical center
                    
                    
                
            
location
sacramento, california
position
clinical research coordinator finance
type
full time







apply online now








refer a friend today




                
--               
                
on social networks







print job description






 
loading...





