




fortify presales engineer description at microfocus






















skip navigation



work with us, doing what you do best.
        


search jobs


keyword search



location




search radius
miles
5 miles
15 miles
25 miles
35 miles
50 miles



search






fortify presales engineer
apply
job id 7001557
date posted 10/26/2017
location plano, texas, united states
schedule full time
shift no shift premium (united states of america)
opportunity abounds at micro focus – now the 7th largest software company in the world, with 18,000 employees in 50 countries. micro focus and hpe software have been brought together and completely redesigned to create a bigger, better software-focused company that is unparalleled in the depth and breadth of its portfolio. the combined micro focus is uniquely positioned to solve customers’ needs across all of hybrid it -- from mainframe, to traditional it, to public cloud -- helping bridge the old and the new. we put customers at the center of our innovation and build high quality products that our customers can rely on and our teams can be proud of. take charge of your future and join our talented presales team as we make a powerful impact in the technology industry.work/life balance:we have the perfect opportunity for you to protect your work/life balance while developing your career in the high-tech industry. the schedule can’t be beat – typically 8:30am – 5:00pm in a highly-collaborative office with ping pong, nerf guns, a huge cafeteria with starbucks and an outdoor patio beside a scenic pond, an on-site gym with group fitness classes and massages, an on-site doctor’s clinic and walgreens pharmacy, and most importantly: people who work extremely hard until they leave right at 5pm. travel is very rare since this “digital” sales team primarily communicates with customers using tools like skype for business and webex. want to have dinner on a regular basis with your friends and family? want to sign up for a softball team? want to make sure you’re at your kids’ evening activities? want to start volunteering in your community more regularly? this is the job for you.career path within the digital presales team:after you spend roughly 3 months learning our market-leading fortify solutions and learning from successful presales technical consultants sitting next to you in the office, you will begin partnering with a few specific fortify sales reps to explain and demonstrate our software to current and prospective customers.this role is perfect for inherently-technical people who enjoy prescribing technical solutions to customers without the responsibility to negotiate and close deals that sales reps have. your hard work and expertise will be rewarded in a variety of ways. when deals close in your assigned territory, you are paid commission in addition to your base paycheck. we also have a variety of quarterly and annual awards for stand-out performers. best of all, if you consistently exceed expectations for the grade level you are in, you will be promoted and given a raise to your base salary. our grade levels are entry, intermediate, specialist, expert, and master, so there are multiple opportunities to get promoted without necessarily changing your assignment or territory.career paths beyond the digital presales team:over time, your knowledge of our solutions, combined with your knowledge of how our customers utilize and benefit from our solutions, will make you an extremely-valuable asset in this company and industry. after mastering this role and getting promoted a few times, some presales technical consultants eventually transfer internally to other departments that need their expertise. examples include field presales, technical enablement, customer education, professional services, product management, and more. keep learning our solutions and how customers use them, and great things will happen with your career!minimum qualifications:success in this role requires deep technical knowledge, strong communication skills and the ability to handle multiple requests simultaneously from multiple sales reps.  the candidate must be self-motivated and willing to exert their technical leadership with customers. the following are minimum qualifications for this fortify presales position:knowledge of application development fundamentals (sdlc, development methodologies and trends, terminology, roles & responsibilities within an enterprise, common languages in use today, etc)knowledge of application security fundamentals (common vulnerabilities, business risks from app vulnerabilities, static vs dynamic vulnerability testing, etc)strong interpersonal skills, both in person and over the phone.professional writing skills (email messages, technical proposal documents, presentation slides, etc)desired qualifications (we do not expect anyone to have all of these qualifications):experience in application development and/or qa – ideally in an enterprise contextexperience in application security – ideally in an enterprise contextcomputer science degree or equivalent technical education, specializing in developmentfluent in at least one development language (c++, java, .net, etc)familiarity with build tools and processes (jenkins, bamboo, tfs/vsts, source control, etc)familiarity with bug trackers such as jira and bugzillafamiliarity with ides such as vs and eclipsefamiliarity with cloud-based tools and platforms (docker, azure, aws, etc)familiarity with fortify software solutionsfamiliarity with other application security testing solutions (checkmarx, veracode, whitehat, ibm, etc)experience in technical sales and/or consultative solution sellingcertifications such as csslp, oswe, c-wast, gweb, cast, gssp, gwapt, etc#li-mc1 
eeo micro focus is eeo f/m/protected veteran/ individual with disabilities. micro focus will comply with all applicable laws related to the use of arrest and conviction records, including the san francisco fair chance ordinance and similar laws and will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories.
apply


more information


share this job

email
linkedin
twitter
facebook
google+


                   linkedin
                





view this location on a map





what's micro focus like:

want to learn more about micro focus? visit our youtube channel to see more videos.










we have been made aware of people posing as micro focus recruiters or part of the human resources team and making contact about job opportunities and extending job offers via text message, instant message or chat rooms. these job postings and offers are fraudulent and these people are in no way affiliated with micro focus. read more

beware of recruiters that ask candidates to submit unusual personal information like a copy of your driver’s license, bank statements or utility bills, pay a fee in order to be considered for a job, or pay “start-up expenses” after being hired. micro focus does not require candidates to make any type of payment to them as part of the recruitment process or job offer. the federal trade commission, the united states’ consumer protection agency, has online resources for detecting job scams.
positions posted on our career site are legitimate. if you find a micro focus posting on a site other than our careers site and would like to verify its legitimacy before applying you can visit https://jobs.microfocus.com/ and search for the requisition number or by emailing us at careers@microfocus.com.
    if you think you have responded to a fraudulent job posting or been a victim of this scam, you are encouraged to report it to your local law enforcement and to the internet crime complaint center for further investigation.



sign up for job alerts
email addressinterested insearch for a category, location, or category/location pair, select a term from the suggestions and click “add”categorylocationaddsales, plano, texas, united statesremoveremove

confirm email










400
jobs currently available at micro focus


linkedin job matching
with just one click and a connection with linkedin, you can receive job listings that best match your profile.
start matching







micro focus blog
[search jobs at suse]

follow us on:

youtube
linkedin
twitter
facebook
glassdoor












