 




data science consultant
















































 



enter job title or location

   search menu open clear text     search jobs  








recent searches










deloitte home
about deloitte
 job cart  



 location: 
united states 


 



  global (english) english  



available in 145 locations and 34 languages



 
 


students
experienced
 careers 




 
















this site uses cookies to provide you with a more responsive and personalized service. by using this site you agree to our use of cookies. please read our cookie notice for more information on the cookies we use and how to delete or block them. 


accept and close












the job has been added to the job cart.




data science consultant
deloitte us | deloitte consulting llp
atlanta, georgia, united states




share via facebook





share via twitter





share via linkedin




 share via email




share via googleplus




add to job cart button

apply now button







 back to search results

 previous job
next job 




position summary
are you looking to take your career to the next level? are you interested in applying your strategic ideas to address critical operational and management related challenges in support of our federal clients? if so, consider a career with our federal strategy and operations team to bring your ideas to life! come be an integral part of a team that brings deep industry expertise, rigorous analytical capabilities and a pragmatic mindset to our client’s most complex business problems. if you want to work alongside the best in the industry, deloitte is the place for you!  work you’ll do as a consultant within our general management team, you will:identify opportunities for efficiencies in work process and innovative approaches to completing scope of workparticipate in team problem solving efforts and offer ideas to solve client issuesconduct relevant research, data analysis, and create reportsmaintain responsibility for completion and accuracy of work productsactively expand consulting skills and professional development through training courses, mentoring, and daily interaction with clients the teamtransparency, innovation, collaboration, sustainability: these are the hallmark issues shaping federal government initiatives today. deloitte’s federal practice is passionate about making an impact with lasting change.  carrying out missions in the federal practice requires fresh thinking and a creative approach. we collaborate with teams from across our organization in order to bring the full breadth of deloitte, its commercial and public sector expertise, to best support our clients.  our aspiration is to be the premier integrated solutions provider in helping to transform the federal marketplace.our general management team prepares our junior practitioners to be c-suite advisors by exposing them to a broad range of experiences across service lines and industry sectors. join us, and play a key role in helping to design our clients’ roadmap to the future! qualifications required:bachelor's degree in accounting, business, finance or other business-related field 1+ year of relevant consulting or industry experience in financial analysis, transformation or strategic initiativesproven experience effectively prioritizing workload to meet deadlines and work objectivesdemonstrated ability to write clearly, succinctly, and in a manner that appeals to a wide audienceproficiency in word processing, spreadsheet, and presentation creation tools, as well as internet research toolsconsultant with 2-4 years of experience in data science focused on one or more of the following: statistical analysis, data mining, predictive modeling, machine learning / artificial intelligence, text mining / natural language processing, network analysis, data visualization, big data techniques.. ability to obtain and maintain the required security clearance for this role preferred:exceptional attention to detail and proven ability to identify process improvement opportunitiesprior professional services or federal consulting experienceknowledge of r, python, and/or d3 library desired how you’ll growat deloitte, our professional development plan focuses on helping people at every level of their career to identify and use their strengths to do their best work every day. from entry-level employees to senior leaders, we believe there’s always room to learn. we offer opportunities to help sharpen skills in addition to hands-on experience in the global, fast-changing business world.  from on-the-job learning experiences to formal development programs at deloitte university, our professionals have a variety of opportunities to continue to grow throughout their career.  explore deloitte university, the leadership center.  benefitsat deloitte, we know that great people make a great organization. we value our people and offer employees a broad range of benefits. learn more about what working at deloitte can mean for you.   deloitte’s cultureour positive and supportive culture encourages our people to do their best work every day. we celebrate individuals by recognizing their uniqueness and offering them the flexibility to make daily choices that can help them to be healthy, centered, confident, and aware. we offer well-being programs and are continuously looking for new ways to maintain a culture where our people excel and lead healthy, happy lives.  learn more about life at deloitte. corporate citizenshipdeloitte is led by a purpose: to make an impact that matters. this purpose defines who we are and extends to relationships with our clients, our people and our communities.  we believe that business has the power to inspire and transform. we focus on education, giving, skill-based volunteerism, and leadership to help drive positive social impact in our communities.  learn more about deloitte’s impact on the world. recruiter tipswe want job seekers exploring opportunities at deloitte to feel prepared and confident. to help you with your interview, we suggest that you do your research: know some background about the organization and the business area you’re applying to. check out recruiting tips from deloitte professionals.   requisition code: e18atlcacskd41905




email this job to:






name





email address














 back to search results

 previous job
next job 























get connected

home
about us
deloitte university press
press releases
social media
alumni
email subscriptions
submit rfp
us office locations
global office directory
newsroom
contact us



services

advisory
audit
consulting
mergers and acquisitions



industries

consumer & industrial products
energy & resources
financial services
life sciences & health care
manufacturing
public sector
real estate
technology, media & telecommunications



careers

job search
labor condition applications
assistance for disabled applicants
eeo/affirmative action documents
ban the box notices
students
experienced hires
executives
life at deloitte



legal

about deloitte
terms of use
privacy
cookies
safe harbor




© 2017. see terms of use for more information.
deloitte refers to one or more of deloitte touche tohmatsu limited, a uk private company limited by guarantee (“dttl”), its network of member firms, and their related entities. dttl and each of its member firms are legally separate and independent entities. dttl (also referred to as “deloitte global”) does not provide services to clients. in the united states, deloitte refers to deloitte llp, the us member firm of dttl, and its subsidiaries where certain services may not be available to attest clients under the rules and regulations of public accounting. please see www.deloitte.com/about to learn more about our global network of member firms.



follow us on facebook
follow us on twitter
follow us on linkedin
follow us on youtube
follow us on google
follow us on glassdoor
follow us on instagram




backtotop
















