












        sr. data scientist - icl - 1559 - georgia tech research institute
    



















sr. data scientist - icl - 1559






job number:


1559





job classification:


research faculty




areas of expertise:


data science




functional roles:


researcher




degree:


master's; phd




level of experience:


mid level; senior




field of study:


computer science; other




rank:


senior research engineer  (sre); senior research scientist  (srs)





location:


atlanta, ga






job type:


all






close date:


03/05/2018






labs/support units:


information and communications laboratory (icl)









description:


the high performance computing and data analytics branch is seeking qualified individuals with skills relevant to the field of data science.  in particular we are seeking individuals with a strong background in performing independent research and working on research project teams.  the technical skills required include but are not limited to data science skills such as statistical analysis, regression, time-series forecasting, machine learning, and deep learning as well as experience working in teams programming in one or more languages such as r, python, java, scala, and/or c/c++.  experience with data science libraries such as glm, scikit-learn, spark mllib, pandas, etc. are preferred.
the position responsibilities will include working on one or more projects within the group with a particular focus on industry collaboration on economic forecasting and machine learning and predictive analytics.  the researcher will be responsible for developing software, performing analysis, writing reports, interacting with sponsors, and working with fellow researchers to achieve project goals.  furthermore, the candidate will have opportunities to get involved with other research areas such as healthcare analytics, internet of things research, and computational social science research.
senior research scientist

master’s in cs, machine learning or related degree and seven (7) years of relevant full-time experience after completion of that degree,
a phd in cs, machine learning or related degreeand four (4) years' relevant full-time experience. for candidates holding the doctoral degree, the last two (2) years of employment prior to employment at georgia tech will be considered if adequately documented, and the four-year time in grade requirement be reduced to two (2) years for candidates so qualified.

experience requirement

background in independent research projects
experience in data science skills including but not limited to: statistical analysis, regression, time-series forecasting, machine learning, and deep learning
programming experience working in teams with one or more languages such as r, python, java, scala, and/or c/c++
strong written and verbal communication skills.

preferred experience

experience with devops best practices including version control systems (git) and containerization (e.g. docker), unit and regression testing systems

 































