


        software and systems intern -        samsung research america -         job board
    

























 






view our website



view all jobs















samsung research america is looking for the best and brightest to join our team.if you’re passionate about technology and want to work in a fun, collaborative environment, we want to meet you! 



software and systems intern


richardson, tx                    

internship                

samsung                    

student (college)                


















software and systems intern
mobile processor innovation lab/samsung research america
location:  richardson, tx
 
position summary:

samsung mpi lab is currently looking to fill internship positions. as part of the lab, you will be responsible for developing and implementing computer vision/imaging/deep learning algorithms for virtual and augmented reality platforms.   

responsibilities:
- implement computer vision and imaging algorithms using python, c++ and c.
- profile and identify software bottlenecks for real-time processing.
- work with hw architects to identify system bottlenecks and define next-gen system specs.

qualifications:
- experience in computer vision and image processing.
 
- strong coding skills in python, c++, c.
 
- experience in real-time code optimization is preferred.
 
- background in simultaneous localization and mapping (slam), eye tracking and deep learning is preferred.
 
- experience in android development, including interfacing to native code a plus.

read more



apply for position








            apply for this position        
required*



apply with linkedin







apply with indeed









first name*



last name*



email address*



address
















phone*



resume*

attach resume
                    or
                    paste resume



                        attach resume as .pdf, .doc, or .docx (limit 2mb) or
                        paste resume


 




                            paste your resume here or
                            attach resume file










submit application














×close
forward this position





recipient email address (one)



your name



your email address



enter a message (optional)
the message cannot contain links




human check*




















powered by















