


principal engineer, systems architecture | t-mobile




































current openings






meet our teams



retail
customer care
sales
technology
corporate
metropcs
students & grads
all teams





more info



career paths
military
current employees
application process
faq



log in















current openings 






meet our teams



retail
customer care
sales
technology
corporate
metropcs
students & grads
all teams





more info



career paths
military
current employees
application process
faq



log in












engineering
principal engineer, systems architecture
apply now






richardson, texas


                        full time
                    

share this job


















the system architecture engineer’s role is to develop and evolve technical network and service architectures and design strategies to maintain, enhance, and evolve the t-mobile technology portfolio. specific tasks may include the creation, adaption, or revision of detailed schematics of network and service architecture, hardware and software selections, and implementation techniques and processes. may be required to perform, evaluate, or interpret network simulation, test results, or leading-edge technology studies. technical documentation and presentation skills are required to translate complex ideas to a wide range of audiences. influence and drive industry forums. works on technical assignments that are difficult, requiring judgment in resolving issues or in making recommendations. determines methods and procedures on new assignments. works on assignments requiring considerable judgment and initiative. understands implications of work and makes recommendations for solutions. normally receives little instruction on daily work, general instructions on newly introduced assignments. may be informal team leader.







stuff we'll

trust
you with

your responsibilities


                        enterprise core competenciesrequires competency in customer focus, change & innovation, strategic thinking, relationship building & influencing, talent management, results focus and inspirational leadership.essential functionstechnical system expertise: deep understanding of system parameters, configurations, and how to alter them for desired results for small cell architecture and solutions. aware of current technology benefits in conjunction analytical view of technology and business perspective. expected to lead teams and deliver complex network and service architecture, design strategies and standards for future evolution of small cell team. subject matter expert in the building blocks, interactions, dependencies, and tools required to complete design work. independent study of current technology is expected with the view of future roadmap. good understanding of adjacent processes and workflows. ability to perform cost/benefit analysis of technology solutions and drive full business case analysis.technical engineering services: drives engineering projects and team members by active contribution to the application of engineering techniques; conducting tests and inspections; preparing reports and calculations for small cell with compare to macro network. expected to supervise base through senior level engineers as needed. will be expected to present project improvement scenarios with business analytical view to management for consideration. creates procedures and processes to validate and enhance and optimize network architecture for current deployment to future development.innovation: analyzes existing architecture, design strategies, standards, processes and vendor roadmaps to highlight upcoming technology changes that would make the processes or tools more effective within a given vp function. drives to improve designs, processes, or product by reducing cost, improving efficiency, or quality. initiates and facilitates brainstorming sessions and product and process improvement dialogues. initiates and drives cross functional technical investigations to solve business problems and create new business opportunities.technical writing: writes advanced documentation, architecture, capabilities, limitations, and advantages for technologies. creates and modifies clear documentation on existing and new systems and services. able to design and communicate architecture, design strategies, standards, technical system specifications and business requirements. able to present complex ideas to non-technical audience. creates and presents executive presentations that may translate technical issues into business impact.technical leadership: monitor and influence relevant industry technologies and standards. present highly technical concepts to both technical and non-technical decision-makers. informally coaches and contributes to the development of others through mentoring or in-house workshops and learning sessions. coach and develop engineers across functional teams on technology decisions. influence technology and policy decisions made across the vp organization related to architecture, design strategies and standards. understand financial decisions, including npv and roi, based on customer experience/business drivers. owns and drives poc and technology roadmaps. influence technology and policy decisions made across vp organization.technology strategy: evaluates new and existing technology options that support business goals. proposes technology position for the company across the vp organization.








stuff
you tell

people
at parties

your qualifications


                        minimum required10+ years technical engineering experience.focus: able to communicate goals in support of the business' mission.drive: self-motivated and able to work well under pressure with minimal supervision – including the ability to simultaneously support multiple strategically significant tasks under fixed/accelerated deadlines.teamwork: ability and desire to work cooperatively with others on a team. develop, maintain, and strengthen partnerships that can provide information, assistance, and supportcommunication: the ability to ensure that information is passed on to others who should be kept informed. express self clearly in conversations and interactions with others. clear business and technical writing skills. the ability to plan and deliver oral and written communications that make an impact and persuade their intended audiences.customer focus: the ability to demonstrate concern and meet external and/or internal customers’ needsanalytical: the ability to tackle a problem by using a logical, systematic, sequential approach.technical expertise: the ability to demonstrate depth of knowledge and skill in a technical area.forward thinking: the ability to anticipate the implications and consequences of situations and take appropriate action to be prepared for possible contingencies.influencing others: the ability to gain others' support for ideas, proposals, projects, and solutions.motivational support: the ability to enhance others' commitment to their work.









position posted for

2
days

candidates that
have applied
61



position details

96908brreq id
engineeringdepartment notravel required
1position(s) remaining



similar openings
assoc engineer, real time subscriber database – bellevue, wa
manager, systems design & strategy – bellevue, wa
engineer, systems architecture – bellevue, wa








we even do benefits differently
check out what we have to offer





health benefits


medical, dental, and vision are just the start. we also offer health pro consultants, flexible spending accounts, and more.







paid r & r


kick back with paid time off. we want you to have flexibility, convenience, and control over how you recharge.







it's all about you


we've ditched old-school performance reviews for a tailored approach to career health that includes training for better career and leadership skills.







sweet company discounts


naturally, we offer steep discounts on our consumer rate plans and all the fantastic accessories we carry.







help with the fam


kids rock. but child care, adoption, and surrogacy aren’t cheap. we offer programs that help reduce those burdens.







investment options


options include a 401(k) plan, an annual employee stock grant, and a purchase plan that gives you the chance to grab t-mobile stock at a discount.







what to expect when applying for a job














job location
2250 lakeside blvd
richardson, tx 75082




check your commute

driving
walking


bicycling
public transit






estimated travel time:

20min / 5 mi



route is not found.








are you a good fit for our team?
apply now
what's it like to work at t-mobile?find out



"great culture"










current senior technician in rowlett, tx



pros 
laid back, easy going, very relaxed and opportunities for advancement and career enhancement if the individual applies him/herself. they insist on a healthy work-life balance. and the ceo is entertaining and has done amazing things for the company.
cons 
they really like to promote from within, which is great, if you're "in", but it can be incredibly difficult to get in. pay can be a little on the low end of the scale, but benefits are great.
advice to management 
make sure that everyone on the teams are pulling their share of the weight; policies come out because of the intermittent 'bad apple'









"fun, exciting, big company"










current business analyst in bellevue, wa



pros 
there are many good reasons to work for t-mobile. discounted phone bill, discount towards accessories, and good benefits package to name a few. the company is growing and will soon be in the hunt for the top spot in the telecommunication world.
cons 
just like other large corporate environments, its not what you know its who you know in order to advance your career further. pay is fair could be better.
advice to management 
stop managing and be leaders! listen to your employees, be proactive in identifying issues rather than ignoring them.












one of the
most
ethical companies
in the world




as america’s un-carrier, t-mobile us, inc. (nasdaq: “tmus”) is redefining the way consumers and businesses buy wireless services through leading product and service innovation. the company’s advanced nationwide 4g and 4g lte network delivers outstanding wireless experiences for customers who are unwilling to compromise on quality and value. based in bellevue, washington, t-mobile us provides services through its subsidiaries and operates its flagship brands, t-mobile and metropcs. for more information, please visit http://www.t-mobile.com.


eoe statement
we take equal opportunity seriously - by choice.t-mobile usa, inc. is an equal opportunity employer.  all decisions concerning the employment relationship will be made without regard to age, race, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, marital status, citizenship status, veteran status, the presence of any physical or mental disability, or any other status or characteristic protected by federal, state, or local law.  discrimination or harassment based upon any of these factors is wholly inconsistent with our company values and will not be tolerated.  furthermore, such discrimination or harassment may violate federal, state, or local law.











t-mobile careers
metropcs careers
contact us
faq



facebook
twitter
you tube
linkedin
instagram





t-mobile.com
press
awards
legal
accessibility
privacy
terms of use


©2002-2017 t-mobile usa, inc.

















×










×


tell us who you are so we can get you to the right place.


current employee
employees of t-mobile and metropcs should choose current employee.


new applicant
everyone else including freelancers and contractors who are currently placed at t-mobile should choose new applicant.














