




presales enablement engineer description at microfocus






















skip navigation



work with us, doing what you do best.
        


search jobs


keyword search



location




search radius
miles
5 miles
15 miles
25 miles
35 miles
50 miles



search






presales enablement engineer
apply
job id t_r_1591342
date posted 09/07/2017
location fort collins, colorado, united states
other locations ft. collins,colorado,united states of america;cambridge,massachusetts,united states of america
schedule full time
shift no shift premium (united states of america)
think like a bad guy. act like a hero. that’s what we do at micro focus security, where our professionals are the experts in stopping threats of all kinds. we help organizations stay ahead of the dangers, meeting the security demands of a rapidly changing and increasingly treacherous landscape. with market-leading tools like arcsight, fortify, and data security, we’re bringing forth the most comprehensive security intelligence and risk management platforms on the planet. micro focus enterprise security products (esp) team is looking for a technical enablement specialist, working within our highly innovative and respected presales technical enablement team. key responsibilities will include developing aggressive and creative product demonstrations, leading technical aspects of major pursuits globally and ensuring our field have the knowledge and tools to win big.  we at esp encourage aggressiveness, and encourage taking risks to push our business forward. we’re looking for candidates that are interested in opportunities to work creatively to show our products as the market leading security market offerings they are. you will be considered the go to person for micro focus and partner sales engineers on our data security solution. major responsibilities:assisting technical pursuits on major deals, or those of significant complexity, ensuring learnings from the opportunity are passed to both product and field. the creation and production of technical demonstration scripts and builds. creating of other enablement materials such as how-to documentation & supporting training materials and videos tutorials. deliver internal & partner training classes specifically on data security, via face 2 face classrooms and web based learning. enhance team accomplishments and competence by planning delivery of solutions; answering technical and procedural questions for less experienced team members; teaching improved processes; and mentoring team members. perform presentations to the public regarding micro focus security integrations and how they benefit the customer at roadshows and events. participate in core product development groups for continual improvement, and ensure the field sales teams are kept abreast of these developments. global travel to customer sites to perform demos & proof of concept activities and deliver training to our field sales engineers. provide feedback internally to enhance the product, processes and knowledge including authoring papers and creating technical materials as needed. required skills bs or ba with 5+ years of technical experience. good working knowledge of linux, encryption and security. a deep and comprehensive understanding of security and the ability develop a strong technical knowledge of company products. outstanding communications skills and proven ability to develop and deliver complex technical presentations. ability to build strong working relationships across all levels of the organization, worldwide. ability to proactively manage priorities and schedules for simultaneous projects. proficient in presenting to groups of various sizes - sales, engineering, executive, or customer groups. preferred qualifications: experience with key management and encryption technologies. experience with pci dss and other regulatory standards that deal with the protection of data. understanding of enterprise application infrastructure (web servers, application servers, databases, soa, web services, messaging, etc.) the unique value of micro focus at micro focus we provide our customers with a best-in-class portfolio of enterprise-grade scalable software with analytics built in. we put customers at the center of our innovation and build high quality products that our teams can be proud of.through our breadth of solutions, we are uniquely positioned to help our customers solve business problems and deliver against the needs and opportunities of hybrid it, from mainframe to mobile to cloud.   we’re a pure-play software company –we have a level of focus that other technology companies don’t have, we are designed from the ground up to build, sell and support software.we also have the strong operational foundation, proven over a combined 40 years of experience, to deliver on our commitments to our customers. our scale is global—we have the reach and the capabilities to support customers in a global market. we are the 7th largest software company in the world, and the largest technology company listed on the ftse. with 4,000 employees working on r&d, we can focus on innovating in solving the most complex technology problems for customers.at its heart, hybrid it is about letting customers choose what’s right for them, without the need to compromise. our job is to help them, and to enable that hybrid model to bridge the old and the new to maximize the value of existing investments.
eeo micro focus is eeo f/m/protected veteran/ individual with disabilities. micro focus will comply with all applicable laws related to the use of arrest and conviction records, including the san francisco fair chance ordinance and similar laws and will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories.
apply


more information


share this job

email
linkedin
twitter
facebook
google+


                   linkedin
                





view this location on a map





what's micro focus like:

want to learn more about micro focus? visit our youtube channel to see more videos.










we have been made aware of people posing as micro focus recruiters or part of the human resources team and making contact about job opportunities and extending job offers via text message, instant message or chat rooms. these job postings and offers are fraudulent and these people are in no way affiliated with micro focus. read more

beware of recruiters that ask candidates to submit unusual personal information like a copy of your driver’s license, bank statements or utility bills, pay a fee in order to be considered for a job, or pay “start-up expenses” after being hired. micro focus does not require candidates to make any type of payment to them as part of the recruitment process or job offer. the federal trade commission, the united states’ consumer protection agency, has online resources for detecting job scams.
positions posted on our career site are legitimate. if you find a micro focus posting on a site other than our careers site and would like to verify its legitimacy before applying you can visit https://jobs.microfocus.com/ and search for the requisition number or by emailing us at careers@microfocus.com.
    if you think you have responded to a fraudulent job posting or been a victim of this scam, you are encouraged to report it to your local law enforcement and to the internet crime complaint center for further investigation.



sign up for job alerts
email addressinterested insearch for a category, location, or category/location pair, select a term from the suggestions and click “add”categorylocationaddservices, fort collins, colorado, united statesremoveservices, cambridge, massachusetts, united statesremoveservices, plano, texas, united statesremoveremove

confirm email










400
jobs currently available at micro focus


linkedin job matching
with just one click and a connection with linkedin, you can receive job listings that best match your profile.
start matching







micro focus blog
[search jobs at suse]

follow us on:

youtube
linkedin
twitter
facebook
glassdoor












