

	data scientist























































home
about us

for employers
for candidates
site overview
our recruiting staff
our new app


contact us
search for jobs

get job alerts

subscribe 
update / change 
unsubscribe 







job cart 
register


login















email
                                                        my password





forgot password

resend new activation link
register now





dashboard


logout










                    job details






job details ( to apply  add job to job cart )job title:data scientistjob id (22889)job description:
background: organization seeks a data scientist within its analytics group. data scientist will apply leading machine learning techniques on structured & unstructured datasets with the emphasis on optimizing customer retention and satisfaction. data scientist will leverage customer purchase history, call center, demographic, and digital data to build advanced customer classification models and segments, provide deep learning support by analyzing and mining text and images, work on simulations to deliver real time pricing solutions, provide demand planning and forecasting support, and build propensity models to produce incremental benefits on customer marketing initiatives. candidate must have: a passion for artificial intelligence and be familiar with various cutting-edge tools and technologies to solve complex business challenges, be strong with either r, python, sas, scala, and have a statistics background. this is an individual contributor role based in the dallas, tx area.

responsibilities/experience:


		must have a masters or phd in a highly quantitative discipline

		must have 2+ years of experience within advanced analytics i.e. deploying machine learning algorithms to solve complex business problems

		strong with statistics and can code in either r, python, sas, scala

		experience and passion for simulations, optimization, neural networks, artificial intelligence (deep learning and machine learning)

		participant of leading data science competitions is a plus


keywords: analytics, artificial intelligence, deep learning, machine learning, data science, data scientist

refer to job # 22889– and e-mail ms word attached resume to the attention of sunil sud, sunil@analyticrecruiting.comrecruiter: sunil sud  salary: competitive location: dallas, tx similar jobs id(22384) machine learning data scientist-equity investment researchnew york, ny; id(22554) senior data scientistnew york, ny id(22872) data scientist/engineerirvine, ca








                        144 east 44th street 3rd fl • new york, ny • 10017
                    

                        phone: 212-545-8511 • email: email@analyticrecruiting.com










home
about us 
contact us
browse for jobs 
join mailing list
privacy policy


                        © 2017 copyright to analytic recruiting inc. • all rights reserved.
                    



































x


                enter your email address to receive your password .
            














x


                enter your email address to resend activation link .
            














x







 contact us 


 analytic recruiting inc.
                     144 east 44th street 3rd fl
                     new york, ny 10017

                     phone: 212-545-8511
                     email: email@analyticrecruiting.com








your registration has expired. do you want to re-activate?
                    









 


x












want to manage your job search 
            from your mobile device?
download our app



















