



job application for digital marketing analyst at gainsight





















          apply now
        
digital marketing analyst

        at gainsight
      
(view all jobs)

        phoenix, az
      


gainsight, the first and only complete customer success solution, helps businesses grow faster by reducing churn, increasing upsell, and driving customer advocacy. the company’s saas solution is 100% salesforce native and uses predictive analytics to drive revenue from sales, usage, support, survey and other sources of external customer data. in this way, gainsight provides a 360° view of customers and drives retention across customer success, sales, marketing, executive and product management.
 
job description
 
gainsight™ is a fast-growing technology company that is revolutionizing the way companies manage their customers. gainsight has been recognized by forbes as one of the top 100 private cloud companies in the world (2016 & 2017), deloitte as #7 on the technology fast 500 (2016), inc. magazine as the 48th fastest growing private company in america (2015 & 2017), forbes as one of america’s most promising companies (2014), and by fortune magazine as one of 20 great workplaces in tech (2014). we are backed by top-tier silicon valley investors such as battery ventures, bain capital ventures, bessemer venture partners, lightspeed venture partners, summit partners, salesforce ventures, cisco investments and other top-tier silicon valley investors
 
gainsight is growing like gangbusters and we need an experienced digital marketing analyst to help us scale our efforts to generate leads online to keep up with our pipeline goals. we are looking for a strategic marketer to own the digital strategy across paid and organic channels. excellent candidates will be able to analyze data and set the strategy, as well as roll up your sleeves and get the job done. what will you get in return? money. benefits. cool perks. a new workplace family. in short, the best job you’ve ever had.
what you'll do

optimize our paid search programs for conversion-focused performance
develop a scalable seo program to fuel organic search activity
work closely with marketing ops to level up our reporting game
program manage front-end development projects
work closely with our content team on strategy and reporting
set up testing plans (copy, ads, landing pages) for continuous performance improvement and optimization of the campaigns

 
 
required skills
 
what we're looking for
 

3+ years of relevant work experience in sem, and/or digital/high-technology consumer companies/products.
outstanding verbal, written, and listening communication skills
excellent interpersonal skills and demeanor
excellent presentation skills
excellent time and project management skills.
experience in conversion rate optimization, landing page optimization, html, site architecture and ux
a great personality fit with our scrappy, tightknit team

 
 
job benefits
 
at gainsight, we don't believe in doing things as a "means to an end." life's too short to have anything short of a joyful work environment that we passionately believe in. we think that "work vs. life" is a false choice created by pundits, cynics and consultants. we also believe that any community (like a company) needs a ton of diversity and a very small number of things that bring us together.
 
here are our 5 core values
 

golden rule: we try to practice the golden rule ("do unto others..." and that sort of thing) by exercising reliability, trust and giving back to each other and our community.
success for all: we believe that success for our stakeholders—whether our teammates, clients or shareholders—comes with a sincere focus on continuous learning, selfless teaching and making a difference in each other’s lives.
child-like joy: we aspire to experience child-like joy in our work and lives, injecting a spirit of passion, optimism and laughter into everything that we do.
shoshin: we believe in a beginner’s mind. don’t surround yourself with people like you--diversity breeds creativity.
stay thirsty, my friends: we believe in a totally internally-driven strive for greatness. the solution is think more, not doing more.

 
 
why you’ll love it here
 

our attitude: we’ve created a new industry from scratch, and we’re on the fast track!
our leadership: we offer the leading tech solution for driving customer success.
our roi: reduce customer churn, increase up-sell, and improve customer satisfaction.
our technology: deep salesforce.com hooks, predictive analytics, and a beautiful user interface.
our impact: we help our customers make millions of dollars more per year.
our clients: big companies like box, adobe, marketo, and many others.
our team: tech all-stars from facebook, box, and others (and top consulting firms like bcg and mckinsey!).
our values: they are unique - golden rule, success for all, childlike joy, shoshin, and stay thirsty, my friends
our office: if you showed up one day, you might find anything from karaoke performances to mini-golf championships.

 
role is in our phoenix, az office. health benefits include medical, dental, vision, short and long-term disability, life insurance, 401k after first quarter of employment, and unlimited pto.







apply for this job

* required
        


first name *



last name *



email *



phone *




              location (city)
                *




resume/cv *


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 














cover letter


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 

















are you authorized to work in the united states? *



--
yes
no


will you now or in the future require visa sponsorship?  *



--
yes
no


are you over the age of 18? *



--
yes
no


linkedin profile
    





website
    





how did you hear about this job?
    







u.s. equal opportunity employment information (completion is voluntary)


  individuals seeking employment at gainsight are considered without regards
  to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical
  or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation. you are
  being given the opportunity to provide the following information in order to help us
  comply with federal and state equal employment opportunity/affirmative action record
  keeping, reporting, and other legal requirements.


  completion of the form is entirely voluntary. whatever your decision,
  it will not be considered in the hiring process or thereafter. any information that you
  do provide will be recorded and maintained in a confidential file.


gender
please selectmale
female
decline to self identify


are you hispanic/latino?
please selectyes
no
decline to self identify


please identify your race
please selectamerican indian or alaskan native
asian
black or african american
hispanic or latino
white
native hawaiian or other pacific islander
two or more races
decline to self identify


      race & ethnicity definitions


  if you believe you belong to any of the categories of protected veterans listed below,
  please indicate by making the appropriate selection.  as a government contractor
  subject to vietnam era veterans readjustment assistance act (vevraa), we request this
  information in order to measure the effectiveness of the outreach and positive
  recruitment efforts we undertake pursuant to vevraa. classification of protected
  categories is as follows:


  a "disabled veteran" is one of the following: a veteran of the u.s. military, ground,
  naval or air service who is entitled to compensation (or who but for the receipt of
  military retired pay would be entitled to compensation) under laws administered by the
  secretary of veterans affairs; or a person who was discharged or released from active
  duty because of a service-connected disability.


  a "recently separated veteran" means any veteran during the three-year period beginning
  on the date of such veteran's discharge or release from active duty in the u.s.
  military, ground, naval, or air service.


  an "active duty wartime or campaign badge veteran" means a veteran who served on active
  duty in the u.s. military, ground, naval or air service during a war, or in a campaign
  or expedition for which a campaign badge has been authorized under the laws
  administered by the department of defense.


  an "armed forces service medal veteran" means a veteran who, while serving on active
  duty in the u.s. military, ground, naval or air service, participated in a united
  states military operation for which an armed forces service medal was awarded pursuant
  to executive order 12985.


veteran status
please selecti am not a protected veteran
i identify as one or more of the classifications of a protected veteran
i don't wish to answer



form cc-305
omb control number 1250-0005
expires 1/31/2020

voluntary self-identification of disability
why are you being asked to complete this form?

  because we do business with the government, we must reach out to, hire, and provide
  equal opportunity to qualified people with disabilities1.  to help us
  measure how well we are doing, we are asking you to tell us if you have a disability or
  if you ever had a disability.  completing this form is voluntary, but we hope that you
  will choose to fill it out.  if you are applying for a job, any answer you give will be
  kept private and will not be used against you in any way.


  if you already work for us, your answer will not be used against you in any way.
  because a person may become disabled at any time, we are required to ask all of our
  employees to update their information every five years.  you may voluntarily
  self-identify as having a disability on this form without fear of any punishment
  because you did not identify as having a disability earlier.

how do i know if i have a disability?

  you are considered to have a disability if you have a physical or mental impairment or
  medical condition that substantially limits a major life activity, or if you have a
  history or record of such an impairment or medical condition.

disabilities include, but are not limited to:

blindness
deafness
cancer
diabetes
epilepsy
autism
cerebral palsy
hiv/aids
schizophrenia
muscular dystrophy
bipolar disorder
major depression
multiple sclerosis (ms)
missing limbs or partially missing limbs
post-traumatic stress disorder (ptsd)
obsessive compulsive disorder
impairments requiring the use of a wheelchair
intellectual disability (previously called mental retardation)


disability status
please selectyes, i have a disability (or previously had a disability)
no, i don't have a disability
i don't wish to answer

reasonable accommodation notice

  federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified
  individuals with disabilities. please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation
  to apply for a job or to perform your job.  examples of reasonable accommodation
  include making a change to the application process or work procedures, providing
  documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using
  specialized equipment.


1section 503 of the rehabilitation act of 1973, as amended.  for more
  information about this form or the equal employment obligations of federal contractors,
  visit the u.s. department of labor's office of federal contract compliance programs
  (ofccp) website at www.dol.gov/ofccp.


  public burden statement:  according to the paperwork reduction act of 1995 no persons
  are required to respond to a collection of information unless such collection displays
  a valid omb control number. this survey should take about 5 minutes to complete.








 



share this job:    













powered by 

 
      read our privacy policy
















