offerpad - .net full-stack developer.net full-stack developerheadquarters- gilbert, azproduct and developmentfull-timeapply for this jobstartup seeks full-stack developers to change the real estate industry! offerpad is working hard to revolutionize the way people buy and sell their homes! we are a fast-growing startup in gilbert, az and are serious about changing the real estate industry. we need talented and passionate people to help us realize our vision of making buying and selling a home fast, painless and fun. our development team is looking for people who like to simplify and automate things, who enjoy building software and experimenting with new technologies. we are building an amazing product to improve our day-to-day activities as a company and to make our customers’ experience of buying or selling their home much easier. about youyou are smart and get things done. you like agile/lean teams where each developer is responsible for managing their time to get work done. you get excited about solving problems. you like challenges, and you thrive in a fast-paced environment… because you understand that changing the real estate industry is not easy. you are very open minded and always enjoy learning. you are willing to give a hand to others and receive a hand when needed. you believe in the real meaning of “there are no stupid questions.” you’ve spent the last few years writing web-based applications, and you have professional experience delivering high-quality software. you have a deep working knowledge on the following languages/technologies:●      c# & .net mvc●      javascript●      html5 & css3●      t-sql and you might have experience with things such as:●      jquery, knockout and bootstrap●      aurelia, ember, angular or react●      rest apis and integrations●      git●      gulp●      azure or other cloud services●      real estate a day in the life…the team works most days from home, but gets together in the office a couple of days a week to collaborate face-to-face. we organize our work in weekly sprints and embrace continuous delivery. we are responsible for developing our customer facing website and our internal home buying platform. every week we prioritize our backlog and list the next set of items to work on. each developer is then responsible for choosing their work items, based on their technical skill and interest. we encourage all developers to take risks and grab items they don’t feel comfortable with, so that they can improve their skills as developers. we work closely with the marketing and business teams to implement new features. we join different meetings, as needed, to discuss requirements. we are solely responsible for finding the best solution to a given problem. our decisions have a direct impact on our business. development tasks vary every week. for example, we could be working on implementing new integrations with external solutions or optimizing our platform to maximize our investments one week, while working on automating processes or enhancing our business intelligence engine the next. and many more things… like we said, the company is expanding rapidly and things are constantly evolving. we offer benefits including medical, vision and dental coverage. you will get paid holidays, vacation and sick time as well. all applicants must be authorized to work in the united states. if you're interested, apply today! if you have any links to your work, including github or stack overflow profiles, include them in your resume. we're excited to learn about you! offerpad is an eoe, aa/m/f/iwd/protected veteransapply for this jobofferpad home pagejobs powered by 