teal - android engineerandroid engineersalt lake city, utsoftwarefull-timeapply for this jobwe’re teal. the color. the bird. the drone. we need a certifiable, hard-core, well-rounded android code-monkey, that’s oozes brilliance with every line of code written.  we’re looking for that senior android engineer that isn’t afraid of new libraries, tools, or tech, but who’s also prudent in deciding when to chase after squirrels, and avoids getting distracted by “cheap, shiny things”.  we need someone who double-checks every block of code to make sure it’s the most effective code possible; someone who takes pride and ownership in the streaming bits that flow from their fingertips and into their computer, eventually making their way onto the fastest, sweetest, most intelligent consumer drone the world has yet to realize.we need a rockstar sr android engineer. someone who eats, sleeps, and breathes android, in all of its flavors, inside and out. sound like your cup-o-tea?let’s chat about what you’d be doing:in short, sexy, user-driven app development, for the sole and glorious purpose of controlling teal (that wicked cool, ridiculously smart “play thing” we mentioned above). you’ll be responsible for helping to design and build a variety of applications to delight the everyday user with an unforgettable operating experience that ultimately releases the floodgates of serotonin the likes of which can usually only be achieved through “extra-curricular means”.below are a few examples:flight control utilizing advanced flight mechanics and algorithmsutilizing ar to hunt down bogies (ie, your buddies) and [virtually] shoot them from the sky in the ultimate “top-gun” experienceusing deep-learning, cutting-edge machine vision, and autonomous capabilities to aid in search and rescue, perform security patrols, fly neighborhoods looking for missing children, or even counting herds of elk for wildlife managementexplore the use of slam technology for intelligent obstacle avoidance and building 3d models of real world environments.need a bullet list of specific things to match your skillset with?list adapters, page adaptersfragments, viewsactivities, services, intents and the likeview holders, layout managersmedia frameworks, including gles and gstreamerlayouts, themes, styles, vector resources, material designwifi/network managementbluetooth, nfcgoogle api services (maps, voice, etc)webdav, aws, cloud services, json (gson)jni (gulp!) teal. fueled by the passion of our ceo, listed as one of time’s “top 20, under 20”, we build a highly performant, highly intelligent, fully autonomous drone that fits in the palm of your hand. more than that, we’re building a platform for a whole new ecosystem of applications that expand the capabilities of drones from the “occasional” to the “everyday”.  we strive to build and create the singularly most awesome drone the world has yet to see, and we do it right in the heart of the salt lake valley (yep, utah).  we are a small team of talented, and passionate engineers who know how to have fun, while we work hard and making a competitive wage.  arcades, hoverboards, lan party lunches, robots, pranks, bbqs, and more are the comedy that compliments our romance. in addition we offer generous time off and flexible work schedules and we don't wear ties. like ever. sounds like your kind of gig? are the one we're looking for? you know what to do... apply for this jobteal home pagejobs powered by 