




data science analyst | clearlink jobs












































toggle menu









salt lake city, ut
data science analyst

apply for this job






at clearlink our people are our strategy. we’re looking for a talented data scientist who can help us develop and analyze underlying data to improve staff management, employee experience, engagement and performance. responsibilities:closely partner with the human strategy organization on how data analytics can enable change and drive business resultsbuild metrics to capture employee experience of the full life-cycle from application to exitconduct predictive and behavioral modeling to support talent acquisition, retention, workforce effectiveness and employee engagementdevelop and analyze employee surveysthink innovatively, challenge the status quotranslate talent questions into analytical problems, apply machine learning algorithms and data visualization techniques, generate insights, and communicate them back to business partners. proactively identify opportunities to improve resultsqualifications:high proficiency in data mining and explorationproven ability to gain insights from data and influence business resultsdeep knowledge of behavioral and predictive modelingexperience with business intelligence visualization toolspassion to think innovatively while keeping focus on result deliverystrong data handling skillsstrong communication and partnership skillsdeep experience in data and statistical programming, in particular sas, sql, r, pyhtonstrong analytical skills with the ability to collect, organize, analyze, and disseminate significant amounts of information with attention to detail and accuracyabout clearlink:clearlink’s team of 1,300+ employees is headquartered in salt lake city and has been creating marketing content services for fortune 500 companies for over 13 years. at clearlink you will have opportunities to work with people who are as passionate as they are talented, develop yourself and your skills, and create valuable content and relationships every day. we also like to reward our employees:up to 100% healthcare for your entire familyover two weeks paid time offpaid ski days, wellness activities, and team outingsfully-stocked break room and gourmet coffeeaward-winning wellness program with free health coachingall-expense paid vacations for top employeesmonthly gym subsidy  
















apply now


* required































attach resume
no resume selected









how did you hear about this job?
career builder
clearlink lounge
clearlink office sign
company website
craigslist
department of workforce services
employee referral
facebook
glassdoor
indeed
instagram
job fair
ksl
lds employment
linkedin
monster
other
outside magazine
pandora
radio ad
radio ad - 97.1 zht
radio ad - x96
radio ad - 106.1 latino
radio ad - my 99.5
radio ad - kbull 93
school career center
school career center - neumont
school career center - slcc
school career center - owact
school career center - university of utah
school career center - lds business college
school career center - byu
school career center - steven henager
school career center - weber state
school career center - uvu
school career center - utah state
simplyhired
spotify
slcsem
word of mouth
zip recruiter








submit

submitting... please wait
error: there was an error submitting your application. please try again.
you have already applied for this position.




we are an equal opportunity employer. applicants and employees are considered for positions and are evaluated without regard to mental or physical disability, race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, genetic information, military or veteran status, sexual orientation, marital status or any other protected federal, state/province or local status unrelated to the performance of the work involved.







thank you
we have received your application.
a recruiter will contact you within the next 24-48 hours either by phone, text, or email to set up an onsite interview. make sure to check your email for further instructions.











linkedin
facebook
twitter
google
youtube
instagram









©2017 clearlink. all rights reserved. | privacy policy













©2017 clearlink. all rights reserved. | privacy policy



linkedin
facebook
twitter
google
youtube
instagram








close


join
learn
see
connect
newsroom



linkedin
facebook
twitter
google
youtube
instagram









