














career opportunities: contract analyst (247) 



























javascript is turned off in your web browser. turn it on to take full advantage of this site, then refresh the page.

loading...














skip to main content
































career opportunities: contract analyst (247)

requisition id 247 - posted 12/11/2017 - united states - operations - texas - san antonio



 &nbspjob description print preview









	                  apply
	                 
	         	 
              




                  apply using linkedin™
                 
               
              







	                  save job
	                





	                  email job to friend
	                





                  return to list
                







 



job summaryreporting to the vice president of support services, the contract analyst (ca) will have versatile job duties within the global support services group which includes the following support departments:  talent acquisition, learning & development, quality assurance, real estate & capacity planning, contracts & pricing, and compliance.  the business analyst will assist our vp real estate in the preparation, review, and administration of contractual proposals relating to bpo clients along with assisting in the preparation of construction contract proposals, developing business cases and technical solutions requirements while conducting cost/benefit analysis.  in addition to supporting the vp real estate, the ca will provide support to other department heads including the directors of pmo, qa, and l&d.  this work will include maintaining databases, deep diving and providing data analysis, time studies, and creating process and procedure guides.
duties and responsibilities
assists in the preparation, review, and the administration of contractual proposals relating to bpo client engagements.
responsible for facilitating the approval process and ensure tracking forms are populated with the appropriate contract language.
assists in the preparation, review, and administration of contractual proposals relating to construction projects (building out new facilities, updating current facilities, training rooms, lobby improvements, etc.).
responsible for preparing bids and negotiating specifications for materials, equipment, manpower, or other construction services. 
troubleshoot delivery issues between vendors shipping locations, carriers, customs, receiving departments, inventory analysts and buyers to ensure planned arrival of products. 
develop business cases and technical solutions:  define, analyze and document requirements.  assist with the business case planning and monitoring, eliciting requirements, requirements organization, translating and simplifying requirements, requirements management and communication and requirements analysis.
assist with the coordination, review, and modifications of master service agreements, statement of works, and contracts.
assist with the coordination, review, and modification of new business deal reviews (this includes cost structures, technical and structural requirements).
coordinate project plans and ensure timelines remain in sync with business unit expectations.
design or review of test cases, process change requests and manage a project’s scope from acceptance to deployment.
provide database support, data analysis, time studies and creating process and procedure guides.
drive the various projects, improve workflows & processes.

knowkedge, skills & abilities
solid understanding of call center operations, support functions and vendor functions a plus
maintaining a positive working relationship with teammates is essential
ability to effectively predict and trouble-shoot delays and obstacles is critical
motivate and encourage others to perform at their highest potential and provide a healthy, positive work environment
attention to detail and ability to accurately input numbers, formulas, data, quotes
possess extreme flexibility competencies due to the fluid nature of projects and the nature of rapidly changing initiatives
ability to plan and implement change initiatives with an open mind and ability to solicit and provide positive feedback
acts spiritually and helps others.  embraces diversity and displays patience while at the same time motivating the team to achieve targets
having an overall teaming personality and willingness to display your fun side is a plus

qualifications
bachelor’s degree or 5+ years of experience
service management/call center experience preferred
pmo certification and/or 5+ years of experience preferred
advanced knowledge of ms office with an emphasis on excel and visio
experience with sdlc, agile and waterfall methodologies
database knowledge, maintenance, manipulation, analysis
reporting and analysis expert

additional informationthis position will be a remote position, working from a home office setting.  alternatively, the position can be located in one of our domestic facilities in the following locations:
 
san antonio, tx
harlingen, tx
fort collins, co
idaho falls, id
coeur d'alene, id
hayden, id
orangeburg, sc
johnstown, pa
west chester, pa
 
qualfon is an equal opportunity employer. qualfon provides equal employment opportunities (eeo) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth and related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, genetic information (including testing and characteristics), marital status, ancestry, status as a covered veteran, uniformed servicemember status and any other characteristic protected under applicable federal, state or local law.







 









	                  apply
	                 
	           	
              




                  apply using linkedin™
                 
              
              







	                  save job
	                





	                  email job to friend
	                





                  return to list
                






















email this job to a friend





 








 


 



the job has been sent to
          


 



please provide the information below



job title:
        




*your email address:
        




*your friend's email address:
        



message:
        
         maximum character limit: 1000







verification code:
        





*please enter the verification code here:
        














send
            




cancel
            

















