instructure - senior software engineer (canvas)senior software engineer (canvas)salt lake city, utengineeringfull-timeapply for this jobinstructure was founded to define, develop, and deploy superior, easy-to-use software. (and that’s what we did / do / will keep on doing.) we are dedicated to the fight against iffy, mothbally, shoddy software. we make better, more usable tools for teaching and learning (you know, stuff people will actually use). a better connected and more open education technology ecosystem. and more effective ways for everyone everywhere to access education, make discoveries, share knowledge, be inspired, and do big things. we accomplish all this by giving smart, creative, passionate people opportunities to create awesome. so here’s your opportunity.we’re hiring senior engineers, who are passionate about technology and education, to help build new features into our existing products (canvas, bridge, and arc).our product team doesn't throw specs over some imaginary wall to engineering, and engineering doesn't throw code over some imaginary wall to qa. we all collaborate together. we highly value innovation, so much so that we have quarterly hackweeks.  a week each quarter to work on relevant pet projects and features. most of our work is open source, even our primary product (canvas). check us out on github: www.github.com/instructure.what we do:we are full stack engineers with experience building web scale services in a loosely coupled but highly integrated system, as well as developing web scale single-page web apps with modern web technology.we are a mixed stack and polyglot team with a deep commitment to quality and to using the right tech for each problem we solve.this team works on a lot of different projects every 3-6 months - we need someone with broad knowledge of technologiesour engineers become the primary owners of services that expand our productwe use ruby, rails, javascript, node.js, go, postgresql, linux, and our platform runs on aws.what we look for:breadth of experience (and interest) in different languages and frameworks.  skilled full stack developer, or an expert back-end and devops developer.someone that wants to be the primary owner of services.  these services expand the capabilities of canvasability to solve complex problems requiring in-depth analysis.over 7 years of professional software engineering experience.demonstrated experience as the go to person and in mentoring others.mastery of your chosen tools.knowledge of agile best practices.capable communicator.crazy passionate about learning new stuff.strong knowledge of, and adherence to, coding best practices.ability and desire to work in an open and team-oriented environment.bs in computer science or related degree preferred.get in on all the awesome at instructure:competitive salary, equity, and 401k employee stock purchase plan100% paid medical, dental, disability, and life insurance hsa program, vision, voluntary life, and ad&d tuition reimbursementpaid time off, 9 paid holidays, and flexible work schedules gym club reimbursements and rewards-based fitness tracking  latest software and tools with top of the line equipmentfood, lots of food. we’ve always believed in hiring the most awesome people and treating them right. we know that the more diverse we are, the more diverse our ideas will be and when we openly welcome those ideas, our environment is better and our business is stronger.at instructure, we participate in e-verify and yes, in case you didn't catch it from the above, we are an equal opportunity employer. apply for this jobinstructure home pagejobs powered by 