
















qualcomm careers - job detail












skip navigation













































toggle navigation   

qualcomm


search jobs

drop & go


my profile



how to apply & faqs








go to qualcomm careers












search jobs









myprofile


































job detail



















 







job id
												



													e1958209
												


job title
												

system integration & test engineer - machine learning (qualcomm research)




post date
													

11/28/2017
													






														company
													
														-
													
														division
													
												



																	qualcomm technologies, inc.
																
																	-
																
																	corporate research & development
																
															





job area
												


													engineering - systems                           
													




location
												


													california - san diego
													




job overview
													



we are looking for talented test engineers with experience in machine learning to enable embedded deep learning. we solve challenging problems to improve speed, accuracy, power-consumption and latency of deep networks. optimize state-of-the-art networks to run on mobile platforms in real-time. come join an amazing team of engineers building best-in-class solutions for computer vision, speech processing and video processing. you will get a chance to learn latest cutting-edge technologies in machine learning and new emerging applications. you will participate in each step of the development process and drive quality improvements. your responsibility will be to plan, measure and provide feedback on the quality of neural processing engine (npe) sdk tools developed by the team. you will also validate the performance and accuracy of the engine through detailed analysis and test coverage. strong communication and interpersonal skills are required and must be able to work well with others in a technical environment.







all qualcomm employees are expected to actively support diversity on their teams, and in the company.



minimum qualifications
													



software development and debugging skills.3+ years of experience in android or embedded linux application developmentcoding skills: python, c/c++, or android programmingindustrial experience in machine learning, or multimedia areas, or robotics, or aiexperience on neural networks and ai/machine learning methods



preferred qualifications
													



experience in deep neural networks (cnn, dbn, rnn, dcn).
experience implementing deep-learning algorithms in a high-level languages/packages (e.g. c++, java, matlab, or python) 
deep learning frameworks caffe, tensorflow, torch experience with dnns, cnns, rnn/lstm neural networks.













education requirements
												


required: bachelor's, computer engineering and/or computer sciencepreferred: master's, computer engineering and/or computer science




													keywords
												













														you will need to  
														login
														into your profile to apply for this job.
														
														if you are a  
														new user, click here
														to create a profile.
													




messages








 




return to search results


send this job to a friend



 

  


applicants:

												if you need an accommodation, during the application/hiring process, you may request an accommodation by sending email to accommodationsupport@qualcomm.com





to all staffing and recruiting agencies:

											our careers site is only for individuals seeking a job at qualcomm.
											staffing and recruiting agencies and individuals being represented
											by an agency are not authorized to use this site or to submit profiles,
											applications or resumes, and any such submissions will be considered
											unsolicited. qualcomm does not accept unsolicited resumes or applications
											from agencies. please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias,
											qualcomm employees or any other company location. qualcomm is not
											responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes/applications.
											





eeo employer: including race, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, disability & veterans status.

















about qualcomm
contact us
careers
offices


qualcomm


twitter
facebook
linkedin
youtube
googleplus
pinterest






terms of use
privacy
cookie policy
©2013 qualcomm incorporated and/or its subsidiaries. all rights reserved.

nothing in this material is an
						offer to sell any of the components or devices referenced herein.
						references to "qualcomm" may mean qualcomm incorporated, or
						subsidiaries or business units within the qualcomm corporate
						structure, as applicable.materials that are as of a specific date,
						including but not limited to press releases, presentations, blog
						posts and webcasts, may have been superseded by subsequent events
						or disclosures.










