


        software engineer -        bigbear, inc. -         job board
    

























 






view our website



view all jobs















bigbear, inc. is a leading provider of big data computing and analytic solutions. we help people make sense of their data using our cloud-based platform and big data processing algorithms. each day, we crunch massive volumes of structured and unstructured data, into usable and actionable information for our customers.we currently have exciting and challenging career opportunities for talented, motivated individuals who want to be part of a fast growing company.  you will be challenged with developing creative solutions that solve real-world problems for our really important customers.  our commitment to your success starts with a competitive compensation package and an extensive list of benefits including: complete medical, dental, and vision benefitsflexible work schedule and telecommuting options401(k) retirement and savings plan with employer matchinggenerous vacation and paid time offcommuter programs if you are interested in any of these immediate opportunities, please apply online or submit your professional resume to jobs@bigbear.io.we look forward to hearing from you!    



software engineer


san diego, ca                    

full time                

san diego                    

mid level                


















bigbear, inc. is a leading provider of big data computing and analytic solutions. we help people make sense of their data using our cloud-based platform and big data processing algorithms. each day, we crunch massive volumes of structured and unstructured data into usable and actionable information for our customers.
job description:
we currently have an immediate position for a talented and passionate software engineer to build high-performing, scalable, enterprise-grade applications with an emphasis on machine learning. you will be responsible for server side application development while providing expertise in the full software development lifecycle, from concept and design to testing. you will collaborate directly with customers to ensure our products meet and exceed operational requirements. the successful candidate will be a self-starter that demonstrates excellent communication and problem solving skills with a focus on customer service.
required:

us citizenship.
bs/ms degree in computer science, engineering or a related subject
3+ years professional experience in java, python, c# or a similar high-level language.
experience with linux/unix environment.
experience developing and scripting in linux based environments.
experience with database technologies, crud concepts and rest apis.
strong communication and leadership skills.
strong desire to learn and master new technologies.
adaptive to different technology interfaces and frameworks.

preferred:

experience with deep-learning technologies (e.g. caffe, neon, tensorflow, theano, keras, cntk, sci-kit learn).
experience with machine-learning techniques (e.g. regressions, classifications, cnns, rnns).
experience with the cloud deployment/orchestration, (e.g. aws, kubernetes, mesos, docker swarm).
experience with elastic technologies (elasticsearch, kibana, etc.).
experience with unit, integration, and acceptance testing.
experience working in an agile/scrum development process.
experience with apache spark.
experience with performance tuning.

bigbear is an equal opportunity employer

read more



apply for position








            apply for this position        
required*



apply with linkedin







apply with indeed









first name*



last name*



email address*



address
















phone*



resume*

attach resume
                    or
                    paste resume



                        attach resume as .pdf, .doc, or .docx (limit 2mb) or
                        paste resume


 




                            paste your resume here or
                            attach resume file









cover letter*



in 150 characters or fewer, tell us what makes you unique. try to be creative and say something that will catch our eye!*

150


are you a u.s. citizen?*
yesno 

do you have a minimum of 3 years of experience working in java, python, c# or other high-level languages?*
-- no answer --yesno 

do you possess at least a bachelor's degree in computer science, engineering or a related field?*
yesno 

the following questions are entirely optional.

                        to comply with government equal employment opportunity / affirmative action reporting regulations, we are requesting (but not requiring) that you enter this personal data. this information will not be used in connection with any employment decisions, and will be used solely as permitted by state and federal law. your voluntary cooperation would be appreciated. learn more.
                    



gender

decline to answerfemalemale

 


race/ethnicity

decline to answerwhite (not hispanic)african american/black (not hispanic)hispanic/latinoasianpacific islanderamerican indiannative alaskannative hawaiianmulti-racial

 



invitation for job applicants to self-identify as a u.s. veteran


a “disabled veteran” is one of the following:
                                        
a veteran of the u.s. military, ground, naval or air service who is entitled to compensation (or who but for the receipt of military retired pay would be entitled to compensation) under laws administered by the secretary of veterans affairs; or
a person who was discharged or released from active duty because of a service-connected disability.


a “recently separated veteran” means any veteran during the three-year period beginning on the date of such veteran's discharge or release from active duty in the u.s. military, ground, naval, or air service.
an “active duty wartime or campaign badge veteran” means a veteran who served on active duty in the u.s. military, ground, naval or air service during a war, or in a campaign or expedition for which a campaign badge has been authorized under the laws administered by the department of defense.
an “armed forces service medal veteran” means a veteran who, while serving on active duty in the u.s. military, ground, naval or air service, participated in a united states military operation for which an armed forces service medal was awarded pursuant to executive order 12985.




veteran status

 i identify as one or more of the classifications of protected veteran listed above i am not a protected veteran i don’t wish to answer
		



voluntary self-identification of disability

                                voluntary self-identification of disability form cc-305
                                omb control number 1250-0005
                                expires 1/31/2020
                            

why are you being asked to complete this form?

because we do business with the government, we must reach out to, hire, and provide equal opportunity to qualified people with disabilities.i to help us measure how well we are doing, we are asking you to tell us if
                                    you have a disability or if you ever had a disability. completing this form is voluntary, but we hope that you will choose to fill it out. if you are applying for a job, any answer you give will be kept private and will not be used against you in any way.
if you already work for us, your answer will not be used against you in any way. because a person may become disabled at any time, we are required to ask all of our employees to update their information every five years. you may voluntarily self-identify as having a disability on this form without fear of any punishment because you did not identify as having a disability earlier.


how do i know if i have a disability?


you are considered to have a disability if you have a physical or mental impairment or medical condition that substantially limits a major life activity, or if you have a history or record of such an impairment or medical condition.
disabilities include, but are not limited to:

blindness
deafness
cancer
diabetes
epilepsy
autism
cerebral palsy
hiv/aids
schizophrenia
muscular dystrophy
bipolar disorder
major depression
multiple sclerosis (ms)
missing limbs or partially missing limbs
post-traumatic stress disorder (ptsd)
obsessive compulsive disorder
impairments requiring the use of a wheelchair
intellectual disability (previously called mental retardation)



please check one of the boxes below:




                                                yes, i have a disability (or previously had a disability)                                            


                                                no, i don’t have a disability                                            


                                                i don’t wish to answer                                            




you must enter your name and date







your name
today's date





reasonable accommodation notice


federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified individuals with disabilities. please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job or to perform your job. examples of reasonable accommodation include making a change to the application process or work procedures,
                                    providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment.

isection 503 of the rehabilitation act of 1973, as amended. for more information about this form or the equal employment obligations of federal contractors, visit the u.s. department of labor's office of federal contract compliance programs (ofccp) website at www.dol.gov/ofccp. 

public burden statement: according to the paperwork reduction act of 1995 no persons are required to respond to a collection of information unless such collection displays a valid omb control number. this survey should take about 5 minutes to complete.






submit application














×close
forward this position





recipient email address (one)



your name



your email address



enter a message (optional)
the message cannot contain links




human check*




















powered by















