
















qualcomm careers - job detail












skip navigation













































toggle navigation   

qualcomm


search jobs

drop & go


my profile



how to apply & faqs








go to qualcomm careers












search jobs









myprofile


































job detail



















 







job id
												



													e1960865
												


job title
												

automotive systems software engineer – autonomy & adas 




post date
													

12/05/2017
													






														company
													
														-
													
														division
													
												



																	qualcomm technologies, inc.
																
																	-
																
																	cdma technology
																
															







job area
												


													engineering - software                          
													




location
												


													california - san diego
													




job overview
													



qualcomm is building on its core strengths in wireless and compute technologies, and is in the middle of the biggest technology revolution in the automotive space. while we have pioneered connected car technologies for over a decade, we are now playing a critical role in the evolution of automotive infotainment, telematics, adas/autonomous driving & its supporting technologies. we are investing in several bleeding edge technologies such 5g, cellular v2x, computer vision, ai/deep learning etc., and are working closely with global automakers/tier-1s, standards bodies, consortiums and operators on pushing the boundaries.

we are inviting smart, energetic and passionate software engineers who are looking to make a difference on the many technology forefronts in automotive, to join our growing multisite engineering organization. as a key contributor to automotive systems software team, you will be designing and developing software frameworks and tools for autonomous and adas systems, exercising the full capability of the qualcomm snapdragon automotive platform in a way that it can work efficiently and reliably with various sensors, high-bandwidth interfaces and across distributed compute cores. 








all qualcomm employees are expected to actively support diversity on their teams, and in the company.



minimum qualifications
													



 5+ years of relevant software engineering experience in the fields/skills below:   one or more sensor domains including camera, radar, lidar, gps, can, imu etc., with breadth spanning across the technology, hardware, software, calibration/tools etc. real time acquisition and processing of sensor data (camera, radar etc.)  including device drivers, higher-level software frameworks, sdks, integrating with frameworks for computer vision, machine-learning etc. embedded linux platforms  including low-level firmware, kernel and user-space components. system software programming - including parallel processing, threading, synchronization etc. to realize complex middleware and applications. design and development of software for heterogeneous compute platforms consisting of arms, gpus, dsps, and specialized hardware accelerators in an embedded soc. c/c++/scripting languages. hsw/he debuggers, code revision systems (git, perforce), ides and build tools.



preferred qualifications
													



 motivated self-starter with excellent verbal and written communication skills, demonstrated ability to work with engineers/partners/customers across different geographies.
 good understanding of hypervisor and virtualization technologies.
 solid software engineering skills with a track record of designing and developing scalable and re-usable software components.
 overall top-down and bottom-up understanding of complex hardware/software systems.
 working knowledge or experience with embedded socs in areas such as arm cpu, mmu/smmu, virtualization extensions, cryptography extensions, high-bandwidth interfaces (eg. pcie, ethernet, ccix). 
 working knowledge in one or more of the following: vision and compute frameworks (e.g. openvx, opencl), distributed frameworks (e.g. ros/dds), automotive specific frameworks (eg. such as autosar, adtf).
 exposure to autonomous driving algorithms and applications based on deep learning and computer vision.
 knowledge of fault tolerant architectures and designing in accordance to industry standard safety specifications (i.e. iso26262 asil). experience developing auto-grade asil-qualified sw - including safety concepts definition and realization in software, asil decomposition understanding across different hw/sw components etc.
 familiarity with aspice/cmmi development process requirements.
 working knowledge of systems and algorithms for sensor fusion, localization, mapping, path-planning, motion control etc. with application to the automotive or robotics domains.
 knowledge of qualcomm snapdragon architecture or similar complex socs.
 os scheduler, rtoss (such as greenhills integrity, qnx etc.)












education requirements
												


required: bachelor's, computer science and/or electrical engineeringpreferred: master's, computer science and/or electrical engineering




													keywords
												


													adas, autonomous driving, software architecture, software framework, multiprocessor systems, embedded systems, sensor fusion, camera, radar, computer vision, deep-learning
												










														you will need to  
														login
														into your profile to apply for this job.
														
														if you are a  
														new user, click here
														to create a profile.
													




messages








 




return to search results


send this job to a friend



 

  


applicants:

												if you need an accommodation, during the application/hiring process, you may request an accommodation by sending email to accommodationsupport@qualcomm.com





to all staffing and recruiting agencies:

											our careers site is only for individuals seeking a job at qualcomm.
											staffing and recruiting agencies and individuals being represented
											by an agency are not authorized to use this site or to submit profiles,
											applications or resumes, and any such submissions will be considered
											unsolicited. qualcomm does not accept unsolicited resumes or applications
											from agencies. please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias,
											qualcomm employees or any other company location. qualcomm is not
											responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes/applications.
											





eeo employer: including race, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, disability & veterans status.

















about qualcomm
contact us
careers
offices


qualcomm


twitter
facebook
linkedin
youtube
googleplus
pinterest






terms of use
privacy
cookie policy
©2013 qualcomm incorporated and/or its subsidiaries. all rights reserved.

nothing in this material is an
						offer to sell any of the components or devices referenced herein.
						references to "qualcomm" may mean qualcomm incorporated, or
						subsidiaries or business units within the qualcomm corporate
						structure, as applicable.materials that are as of a specific date,
						including but not limited to press releases, presentations, blog
						posts and webcasts, may have been superseded by subsequent events
						or disclosures.










