
















qualcomm careers - job detail












skip navigation













































toggle navigation   

qualcomm


search jobs

drop & go


my profile



how to apply & faqs








go to qualcomm careers












search jobs









myprofile


































job detail



















 







job id
												



													e1955677
												


job title
												

systems engineer - autonomous driving (qualcomm research san diego)




post date
													

11/28/2017
													






														company
													
														-
													
														division
													
												



																	qualcomm technologies, inc.
																
																	-
																
																	corporate research & development
																
															





job area
												


													engineering - systems                           
													




location
												


													california - san diego
													




job overview
													



we are looking for smart, innovative and motivated individuals with automotive research & development background to join the qualcomm autonomous driving research team in san diego, and work on designing and prototyping the brain of next generation autonomous vehicles. you will have the opportunity to work with a group of top talents in computer vision, deep learning, robotics, connectivity and positioning in qualcomm san diego, ca. 







all qualcomm employees are expected to actively support diversity on their teams, and in the company.



minimum qualifications
													



computer vision and deep learning based algorithm design and prototype with automotive use casesensor fusion across multiple sensor modalities for perception and localizationprecise positioning and mapping engine design based on gps/gnss, dead reckoning, hd maps, and other sensorsautomotive radar signal processing and designautomotive/ground robots path planning and control algorithm design, simulation and implementation



preferred qualifications
													



solid understanding and experience of automotive sensors
solid computer vision background in feature detection and tracking, multi-view geometry, slam, and vo/vio
good knowledge of can vehicle communication protocol and diagnostics
solid fundamentals in linear algebra, probability theory, statistics and signal processing
solid programming with matlab, c/c++
excellent written and verbal communications skills are essential














education requirements
												


required: master's, electrical engineeringpreferred: doctorate, electrical engineering




													keywords
												













														you will need to  
														login
														into your profile to apply for this job.
														
														if you are a  
														new user, click here
														to create a profile.
													




messages








 




return to search results


send this job to a friend



 

  


applicants:

												if you need an accommodation, during the application/hiring process, you may request an accommodation by sending email to accommodationsupport@qualcomm.com





to all staffing and recruiting agencies:

											our careers site is only for individuals seeking a job at qualcomm.
											staffing and recruiting agencies and individuals being represented
											by an agency are not authorized to use this site or to submit profiles,
											applications or resumes, and any such submissions will be considered
											unsolicited. qualcomm does not accept unsolicited resumes or applications
											from agencies. please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias,
											qualcomm employees or any other company location. qualcomm is not
											responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes/applications.
											





eeo employer: including race, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, disability & veterans status.

















about qualcomm
contact us
careers
offices


qualcomm


twitter
facebook
linkedin
youtube
googleplus
pinterest






terms of use
privacy
cookie policy
©2013 qualcomm incorporated and/or its subsidiaries. all rights reserved.

nothing in this material is an
						offer to sell any of the components or devices referenced herein.
						references to "qualcomm" may mean qualcomm incorporated, or
						subsidiaries or business units within the qualcomm corporate
						structure, as applicable.materials that are as of a specific date,
						including but not limited to press releases, presentations, blog
						posts and webcasts, may have been superseded by subsequent events
						or disclosures.










