
















qualcomm careers - job detail












skip navigation













































toggle navigation   

qualcomm


search jobs

drop & go


my profile



how to apply & faqs








go to qualcomm careers












search jobs









myprofile


































job detail



















 







job id
												



													e1955744
												


job title
												

telematics platform software engineer




post date
													

12/07/2017
													






														company
													
												



																	qualcomm innovation center
																
															





job area
												


													engineering - software                          
													




location
												


													california - san diego
													




job overview
													



qualcomm has pioneered connected car technologies for over a decade and continues play a central role in the evolution of automotive infotainment, autonomous driving & its supporting technologies in 4g/5g, adas, deep learning etc., across the globe.  qualcomm is working closely with standards bodies, consortiums, automakers and operators on advancing vehicle-to-vehicle (v2v) and vehicle-to-everything (v2x) standards and architectures, and is a key member in the towards 5g initiative for advancing cellular v2x (cv2x) capabilities on the road to 5g. with connectivity integrated into the latest infotainment, cluster and telematics systems qualcomm will make travel safer, more efficient and enjoyable. 

we welcome smart, energetic software engineers with a passion to make a positive difference on the many technologies and automotive products that will shape our future  to join our growing,  multisite development team. 

this engineer will play a hands-on developer role, with specific software development efforts in new platform feature  and implementation,  virtualization,  bring-up, deep performance and  analysis/improvements, linux platform/framework development, yocto upstream asset analysis, upgrades and community participation.  the candidate will be expected to debug & resolve issues, develop/contribute across the linux software stack, coordinating with appropriate technology experts across the organization for code submission, review, and distribution.







all qualcomm employees are expected to actively support diversity on their teams, and in the company.



minimum qualifications
													



3+ years experience in c/ programming and debugging, one or more real-time operating systems on  processors3+ years experience in high level embedding operating systems: linux, open embedded/yocto2+ years experience in modem protocols, networking stacks, ip security, routing/switching.2+ years experience with low level software/ interface , boot-loaders and linux device drivers development and debug2+ years experience in hw/board bringup, pre/post silicon validation and exposure to equipment such as oscilloscopes and  analyzers.2+ years experience with industry standard software development tools: hsw/he debuggers, code revision  systems (git, perforce), ides and build tools**recent college graduates or candidate with 2 years industry experience are also welcomed.**



preferred qualifications
													



candidate should have technical experience with analytic, debugging oriented challenges.
have good oral and written communication skills to work with developers across the different sites
experience in automotive vehicle network technologies such as can, ethernet, dsrc, v2x.
experience in coordination with multiple technology teams, program and product teams, and test engineering.
experience in automotive software development processes and practices (like automotive spice)  a plus











education requirements
												


required: bachelor's, computer engineering and/or computer science and/or electrical engineering




													keywords
												













														you will need to  
														login
														into your profile to apply for this job.
														
														if you are a  
														new user, click here
														to create a profile.
													




messages








 




return to search results


send this job to a friend



 

  


applicants:

												if you need an accommodation, during the application/hiring process, you may request an accommodation by sending email to accommodationsupport@qualcomm.com





to all staffing and recruiting agencies:

											our careers site is only for individuals seeking a job at qualcomm.
											staffing and recruiting agencies and individuals being represented
											by an agency are not authorized to use this site or to submit profiles,
											applications or resumes, and any such submissions will be considered
											unsolicited. qualcomm does not accept unsolicited resumes or applications
											from agencies. please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias,
											qualcomm employees or any other company location. qualcomm is not
											responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes/applications.
											





eeo employer: including race, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, disability & veterans status.

















about qualcomm
contact us
careers
offices


qualcomm


twitter
facebook
linkedin
youtube
googleplus
pinterest






terms of use
privacy
cookie policy
©2013 qualcomm incorporated and/or its subsidiaries. all rights reserved.

nothing in this material is an
						offer to sell any of the components or devices referenced herein.
						references to "qualcomm" may mean qualcomm incorporated, or
						subsidiaries or business units within the qualcomm corporate
						structure, as applicable.materials that are as of a specific date,
						including but not limited to press releases, presentations, blog
						posts and webcasts, may have been superseded by subsequent events
						or disclosures.










