



accesso - jobs: software qa automation engineer - apply online

























all jobs
→
software qa automation engineer

software qa automation engineer
san diego, california, united states · te2, the experience engine

descriptionte2, the experience engine, a division of accesso, provides consumer-facing enterprises an engine to drive personalization, recommendations and commerce for the physical world, in real-time. we believe every consumer facing business with physical locations will benefit from a machine-learning based platform that provides deep insights and recommendations for howconsumers interact and ultimately spend with global brands.who are you? you believe in murphy's law and "see around corners" in order to catch potential issues before they go live. you are humble, but confident, and willing to share your opinion and stand-up for what you think is right. you are motivated by helping to build a product that is innovative and game changing. you like to work with a wide array of technology rather than specializing in one specific technology. you love big technical challenges. you truly care about the business impact of what you help build and release. you adapt well to change. you can think outside of the box to uncover issues during the development phase - minimizing customer facing issues. you have a strong passion for quality.  position overview:as a software qa automation engineer, you will perform automation testing for one of our product teams based in san diego, ca. responsibilities include: working with te2 product and engineering teams to plan and develop automated test suites. using and developing new tools to effectively test products and improve te2's engineering processes.  writing, maintaining and evaluating automated tests. creating and implementing test frameworks demonstrating reusability, maintainability, and scalability. adaptability and attention in finalizing testing details and duties amidst aggressive time challenges.  planning and executing the testing of new features. evaluating current test procedures and driving optimizations.  what types of te2 products and services might i be testing? location-based technologies (ble beacons and gps). turn-by-turn navigation and indoor wayfinding. mapping global places and venues. payment platforms.  analytics on user browse, search, and purchasing activity that drive personalized recommendations. service-based authentication security protocols and solutions. requirements: 5+ years of automated software quality assurance/testing experience. experience working in an agile software development environment. experience with testing techniques and tools used in testing large scale web services. experience with gui automated testing tools like selenium, fitnesse, watir, etc.. experience with programming languages like bash, java, python and ruby. experience with testing frameworks such as robot, junit, test::unit, xunit, etc.. experience with performance testing tools like jmeter, apache bench, httperf, etc.. knowledge of cloud based application deployments and troubleshooting. knowledge of release and configuration management best practices. knowledge of agile development practices, continuous integration, and continuous deployment. good communication skills and an ability to clearly articulate complex issues and technologies. what we offer: competitive salary based on experience the opportunity to earn an annual company discretionary bonus with the potential for stock options. a flexible work schedule around our core business hours generous pto plan health insurance plans, including employer-contributed hsa, as well as employer paid disability and life insurance. matching 401k other considerations: we are an e-verify organization. eligible candidates must be authorized to work in the us without requiring visa sponsorship.  accesso is a drug free and smoke free company, meaning employees may not smoke or use illegal drugs while at work or away from work. this is a full-time position. no contractors please. if you are interested in joining a team who values passion, commitment, teamwork, innovation and integrity and what we’ve described above is you, then apply today and let’s talk! 

apply for this job












accesso
does not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color, religion, age, national origin, marital status, disability, veteran status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity or any other reason prohibited by law in provision of employment opportunities and benefits.

accesso website

powered by
workable





