


careers center - associate advanced technical support engineer














































please enable cookies to continue
please enable cookies in your browser to experience all the personalized features of this site, including the ability to apply for a job.







welcome page







returning candidate?

log back in!












associate advanced technical support engineer


job location

us-pa-pittsburgh





shift

mon-friday, 8:30-5pm


type

regular full-time









overview






ert is a global data and technology company that minimizes uncertainty and risk in clinical trials so that our customers can move ahead with confidence. with more than 45 years of clinical and therapeutic experience, ert balances knowledge of what works with a vision for what’s next, so it can adapt without compromising standards.powered by the company’s expert® technology platform, ert’s solutions enhance trial oversight, enable site optimization, increase patient engagement, and measure the efficacy of new clinical treatments while ensuring patient safety. over the past four years, more than half of all fda drug approvals came from ert-supported studies. pharma companies, biotechs, and cros have relied on ert solutions in 9,500+ studies spanning three million patients to date. by identifying trial risks before they become problems, ert enables customers to bring clinical treatments to patients quickly – and with confidence. for more information, go to ert.com or follow us on linkedin, twitter, and facebook. ert is hiring for an associate advanced technical support engineer. this is a tier 2/tier 3 hybrid technical support role that is responsible for performing detailed analysis and investigation into incidents for device (phone and tablet) and web applications that are deployed globally for clinical research data acquisition and data management.  the advance technical support engineer may also be responsible for the monitoring and triaging of incidents escalated to the ert advanced technical support team.  in addition, the role is responsible for liaising with the various development and engineering groups within ert to ensure proper resolution to customer issues. the associate advance technical support engineer will focus on initial investigation and triage, engaging senior team members for in depth investigation when necessary. the primary focus will be on the queue and dealing with simpler tickets, and a secondary focus on learning skills for in depth investigation when there is interest in doing so; senior level ats will have their primary focus be the more complicated tickets.








responsibilities






position responsibilities: provide advanced technical support for ert’s product suite to primarily internal users (e.g. customer care, release engineering, study teams, etc).diagnose, troubleshoot, and repair handheld devices, tablets, esense devices, and related peripherals used by the ert product suite.conduct deep, detailed investigations to identify points of failure in the ert product line.  this may require setting up a development environment for testing. the duties and responsibilities listed in this job description represent the major responsibilities of the position.  other duties and responsibilities may be assigned, as required.  this job description and any attachments do not constitute or represent a contract.








qualifications






required skills and experience: • 2-4 years supporting or developing enterprise software applications.• strong customer focus and excellent communication skills.• ability to prioritize and balance conflicting priorities.• ability to effectively communicate technical information to a non-technical audience, especially customers and application users.• ability to lead meetings and influence decisions.• excellent problem solving and analytical skills.• familiarity with cellular connectivity • troubleshooting devices such as cell phones and tablets. highly desirable:• basic javascript, html5 and web development/troubleshooting experience.• experience working with sql• experience developing or supporting applications on hand-held devices.• experience in the life sciences pharmaceutical and biotech industry.• ability to provide peer mentoring and guidance on java and web technologies.• experience using or supporting applications on linux. we are an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. 





options

apply for this job onlineapplysharerefer this job to a friendrefer


sorry the share function is not working properly at this moment. please refresh the page and try again later.

share on your newsfeed




connect with us!




not ready to apply? connect with us for general consideration.
















