

job information: senior software developer - 2006817 job




















 


















share






												email opening




apply now














title
senior software developer - 2006817 

eoe statementcarnegie mellon university - software engineering institute considers applicants for employment without regard to, and does not discriminate on the basis of, gender, race, protected veteran status, disability, or any other legally protected status.  
description	
what we do:at the sei emerging technology center, we describe our work as “making the recently possible mission-practical.” we help our government customers stay up to date on new technology by identifying, demonstrating, extending, and applying emerging software technologies to solve real government problems. we currently work in the fields of human-machine interaction, applied artificial intelligence and machine learning, and advanced computing—areas that are changing and progressing rapidly. as we show our customers how new technologies can improve their mission capabilities through rapid prototyping and iterative development, we both rely on and shape academic and industrial research.are you creative, curious, energetic, collaborative, technology-focused, and hard-working? apply to join our team.position summary:as a senior software developer on our team, you will lead projects and/or teams of other developers, analysts, and researchers to apply software research and leading-edge technologies to important and challenging government problems and needs.you'll have the chance to work with modern languages such as java, python, and c/c++; large-scale data frameworks such as tensorflow, spark, keras, and hadoop; and web frameworks like node.js and d3.js. you'll also get a chance to experiment with emerging technologies such as augmented and virtual reality, computer vision, and deep learning.requirements: bs in computer science or related discipline with ten (10) years of experience in hands-on software development; or ms in the same fields with eight (8) years of experience; or phd with five (5) years of experience flexible to travel to other sei offices in pittsburgh and washington, dc, sponsor sites, conferences, and offsite meetings on occasion. moderate (25%) travel outside of your home location. you will be subject to a background investigation and must be eligible to obtain and maintain a department of defense security clearance.duties build and demonstrate. you'll design and develop software solutions that provide needed capabilities to the government, building on state-of-the-art research in data analytics, information architectures, machine learning, artificial intelligence, software architectures, and human-machine interaction. you'll support software development infrastructure and assist in building and configuring computing systems and resources. you'll build and demonstrate interactive prototypes. test and evaluate. you'll conduct rapid software prototyping to demonstrate and evaluate technologies in relevant environments. you'll evaluate systems for performance and security. you'll test software capabilities using novel testing and analysis techniques. collaborate. you'll actively participate on teams of developers, researchers, designers, and technical leads. you'll collaborate with researchers and our government customers to understand challenges, needs, and possible solutions. you'll contribute to improving the overall technical capabilities of the center by mentoring and teaching others, participating in design (software and otherwise) sessions, and sharing insights and wisdom across the sei emerging technology center team.knowledge, skills and abilities:  communication and collaboration: you have strong written and verbal communication skills and can interact collaboratively and diplomatically with customers and colleagues. you grasp the big picture, direction, and goals of an effort while focusing great attention to detail. you can present complex ideas to people who may not have a deep understanding of the subject area. dedication: you can meet deadlines while multi-tasking–sometimes under pressure and with shifting priorities. creativity and innovation: you are creative and curious, and you are inspired by the prospect of collaborating with premier researchers at carnegie mellon university and other universities and organizations. you quickly learn new procedures, techniques, and approaches. knowledge and learning: you possess broad technical experience and interest in computer science and applied technology such as human-computer interaction, data analytics and machine learning, advanced computing, and autonomy and adaptive systems.desired experience: technical leadership: you have experience building, leading, managing, and participating on high-technology teams for a variety of projects. project management: you have demonstrated your ability to establish and maintain relationships with customers, develop proposals, track work, manage risks, plan project staffing, and maintain a budget. knowledge of department of defense and intelligence community: you are familiar with dod or intelligence community software needs, challenges, and practices.benefits:our benefits philosophy encompasses three driving priorities: choice, control, and well-being. learn more at https://www.cmu.edu/jobs/benefits-at-a-glance/. you can join an institution and inspire innovations that change the world.carnegie mellon university is a welcoming workplace that considers applicants for employment without regard to, and does not discriminate on the basis of, gender, race, protected veteran status, disability, or any other legally protected status.#seijob	 


job categories
software engineering & development 


            this position is currently accepting applications.  apply now 































follow us








see who works here:












 










appone.comtm   copyright©1999-2017 hr services, inc.click here for technical assistance.






















