




sr. developer description at tribridge





















skip navigation





menu ☰
search for careers
about tribridge
life at tribridge
benefits
professionals
students







        expertise for where you're headed
    






search for careers


keyword



category
category
.net development
azure engineering & development
business development
campus
dynamics ax
dynamics crm
dynamics nav
dynamics sl
erp consulting
featured jobs
human capital management
netsuite
opensource development
program management
project management
sales
software development
students & new professionals



country
country
spain
sweden
united kingdom
united states



city
city
albuquerque
atlanta
austin
boston
charlotte
chicago
columbus
dallas
denver
detroit
houston
indianapolis
las vegas
london
los angeles
miami
minneapolis
nashville
new orleans
new york
oakland
oklahoma city
omaha
orlando
phoenix
pittsburgh
reston
sacramento
san antonio
san diego
san jose
seattle
st. louis
tampa
washington



state
state
arizona
california
colorado
district of columbia
england
florida
georgia
illinois
indiana
louisiana
madrid
massachusetts
michigan
minnesota
missouri
nebraska
nevada
new mexico
new york
north carolina
ohio
oklahoma
pennsylvania
stockholm
tennessee
texas
virginia
washington



search
see all







sr. developer
apply now
apply later
job id 6146303 date posted 11/01/2017
location: pittsburgh, pennsylvania
descriptionsummary of position:• will be part of one or multiple teams that will use problem solving and deep technical skills to develop and implement database driven business applications for tribridge customers utilizing tribridge application development methodology. • the majority of time will be spent executing tasks related to customer solution delivery. • will be focused on design and development of custom applications built with application development tools. • will be partnered with a peer for coaching and receive significant training in the use of applicable tribridge methodology phases, activities and tasks to deliver quality work products for clearly defined projects in one of the following areas – analysis, design, testing, implementation, support and maintenance as well as product specific technical training. • ensures that all activities are carried out in an efficient, cost-effective manner. • acts as a bridge between all departments within tribridge, including sales, customer support, and partners.  • serves as an internal subject matter expert and supports all company activities including but not limited to system implementations, integrations, and process consultations. the technical consultant iii will be expected to participate in team building and to develop team and customer relationships. • will proactively look for ways to keep all time productive and will use non-customer time for personal training, internal projects and administrative tasks. • will be expected to be a peer partner to newly hired team members. • reports to the practice manager or a senior team member.key responsibilities: functional• utilize applicable tribridge application development methodology phases, activities and tasks to deliver quality work products for clearly defined projects in one of the following areas – analysis, design, testing, implementation, and support. • understands customer needs.   analyze ‘as-is’ information, and work with customer to envision a cost-effective ‘future state’.• understands documentation standards, and be able to create all standard project documentation.• responds promptly and professionally to customer requests or inquiries seeking guidance from project or practice management as appropriate• qa’s project efforts and documentation to ensure project decisions/deliverables are sound • trains users on new processes and software• provides excellent service to internal and external customers. keeps customers up-to-date on the progress of the service they are receiving and changes that may affect them. • prioritizes customer issues and addresses most pressing concerns• utilizes both formal and informal channels to facilitate the progress of work. interprets and integrates multifaceted information from varied sources on a range of complex issues. • actively establishes relationships with all levels within the customer organization• maintains continuous, open, consistent professional communication with customers, peers and management. openly listens to others and checks understanding. • continues to acquire and apply new knowledge and learning• may be expected to perform project management duties on smaller, less complex projects (develop project plans, manage budget/actual and scope of work, approval of project-related t&e)• business development – assists in the scoping of new client engagements, writes sows, and coordinates estimates for inclusion in sows.technicalmust be familiar with agile methodology implementation• implements solutions using technical specifications provided to develop desktop, web, mobile, service, and reporting applications.• demonstrates proficiency in practice technology. understands business process and relates knowledge to software development capabilities.• defines business requirements for technical solutions or alternatives. can identify and help design customizations, workarounds, and enhancements required to meet customer needs.• develop data conversion and testing strategies.• may be expected to perform technical lead duties on smaller, less complex projects (technical design, delegation of tasks to other team members, quality control reviews, etc.)minimum requirements – education, skill & abilities:associate’s degree in business, mis, computer science or equivalent combination of education and experienceminimum 3 years in the following technologies:visual studio, team foundation server, git client-side ui framework (angular, react, and/or knockout).net framework, c#mvc, html5, javascript, jquery, cssrest, json, web api 2azure paas offeringstsql, winformsobject oriented development, service oriented architecture, design patternsunderstands the basic patterns of integration processes (extract, map, validate, transform)understands and can utilize various source control technologiesproven project experienceminimum 1 year consulting experience required                                        2 years of related experience that includes experience in all required technical skills minimum 1 year experience working in a virtual environmentproficient in microsoft office applications excellent communication and relationship building skillsexcellent problem solving and analytical skillsstrong time management and organizational skillsvalid driver’s license required  preferred requirements– education, skill & abilities:• bachelor’s degree in business, mis, computer science, or equivalent combination of education and experience• minimum 4 years consulting organization experience preferred• proven experience with all listed technologies, with demonstrated expertise in 5 or more                                                                                     • microsoft certified – any development-related track working environment:• office/home environment or customer site• up to 15% travel dependent on practice and geography of project assignment.  may include overnight or additional driving time. 100% travel can be expected in smaller defined timeframes. 
apply now
apply later




share this job

facebook
twitter
linkedin
email








sign up for tribridge job alerts and communications
email addressselect interestschoose a category and/or location from the auto-suggestions and click "add".categorylocationaddfeatured jobs, pittsburgh, pennsylvania, united statesremove.net development, pittsburgh, pennsylvania, united statesremoveremove

confirm email















sitemap

expertise
business applications
industry solutions
industries
events
customer care



sitemap

about
blogs
news 
careers
contact



services

cloud computing
erp
crm
hcm 
portals & collaboration
custom software 
network infrastructure
it security




expertise for where you're headed
tribridge is a technology services firm specializing in business applications and cloud solutions. we help mid-market and enterprise customers solve their business challenges through a complete range of services, including cloud computing, erp, crm, custom software development, portals & collaboration, security & infrastructure and human capital management (hcm).

social links

facebook
twitter
linkedin
youtube
rss




© 2015 tribridge. all rights reserved. terms & conditions privacy statement











