








apply for bny mellon principal developer - digital pulse engineering job - information technology - multiple
























skip to main content





















































toggle navigation











who we are
what we do
our thinking




client access
careers
investor relations
news
contact















bny mellon careers







get future jobs matching this search.







 get alerts 




 please enter a valid email.
 unfortunately, our network is not responding. please try again later.
 your job alert was successfully created.






share this job


























principal developer - digital pulse engineering


multiple locations:
jersey city, new jersey; pittsburgh, pennsylvania; everett, massachusetts




categories: information technology





apply




job description




digital pulse is bny mellon's
evidence based analytics system which process data at a massive scale, allowing
machine learning and analytical algorithms to run on top of the data we have,
generating analytics in real-time and near real-time, using streaming
technologies that we are actively building out. the system will allow the user
to ask questions and provide deep insights into your processes, allowing for
evidence-based management. 

we are seeking an extremely talented principal engineer, who brings the
mindset and drive to be a part of building a world-class product, and will be
responsible for designing and developing and implementing data pipelines, major
features of the product in a continuous integration / continuous delivery
environment. 

this is a highly visible and critical role within bny mellon's innovation
center. 

overall, we have a very compelling tech stack.
it is predominately a java open source environment. it includes restful web
services and apis. other key elements are hadoop, apache storm and spark,
vertica, kafka, zookeeper, elastic search, scala, nosql db's. 

qualifications
we are always considering adding new
tools such as apache flink and druid. 
we are not expecting you to have experience with everything
in our tech stack. all relevant experience will be considered.

there are, however, a few technical skills which are
must-haves:
development experience in a java web environment (java,
     rest web services)experience with data structures and algorithmsexperience with highly distributed systems drawing from
     extremely large data sets (both structured and unstructured will be
     considered)positive attitude and the ability to learn and listen--
     overall a great team player
 
qualifications
preferably a master's in computer science or a b.sc in
     computer science along with hands-on experience in dealing with large data
     sets and distributed computing in big data and systems using hadoopproficiency in java or scala, writing software for
     distributed systemsexperience in designing and developing restful api and
     webservicesexperience in writing software with hadoop or spark experience around developing code for large clusters
     with huge volumes of data – streaming as well as batch code.strong knowledge of linuxat least 3 years of experience with and strong
     understanding of big data technologies in hadoop ecosystem – hive, hdfs,
     map/reduce, yarn, pig, oozie, hbase, sqoop, etcat least 1 year of data streaming; spark, kafka, stormat least 1 year of nosql database; druid, cassandra,
     hbase 


principal developer->>
consults with internal business groups to provide high-level application
software development services or technical support. provides comprehensive
senior-level technical consulting to it management and senior technical staffs.
evaluates compliance with the organization's technology standards. works with
internal business groups on implementation opportunities, challenges, and
requirements of various applications. analyzes information and provides
recommendations to address and resolve business issues for a specific business
group. guides and consults with it management and technical staffs regarding
use of emerging technologies and associated services. participates in defining
corporate implementation and integration strategies of new technologies.
advocates for innovative, creative technology solutions. contributes to the
achievement of area objectives. bachelor's degree in computer science
engineering or a related discipline, or equivalent work experience required,
10-12 years of experience in software development required, experience in the
securities or financial services industry is a plus.
 

*li-sh1
#dicepost
 for over 230 years, the people of bny mellon have been at the forefront of finance, expanding the financial markets while supporting investors throughout the investment lifecycle. bny mellon can act as a single point of contact for clients looking to create, trade, hold, manage, service, distribute or restructure investments & safeguards nearly one-fifth of the world's financial assets. bny mellon remains one of the safest, most trusted and admired companies. every day our employees make their mark by helping clients better manage and service their financial assets around the world. whether providing financial services for institutions, corporations or individual investors, clients count on the people of bny mellon across time zones and in 35 countries and more than 100 markets. it's the collective ambition, innovative thinking and exceptionally focused client service paired with a commitment to doing what is right that continues to set us apart. make your mark: bnymellon.com/careers.client technology solutions provides our business partners with client-focused, technology-based solutions. these enhance their ability to be successful through world-class software solutions and leading-edge infrastructure. client technology solutions provides employees with the tools and resources to enhance their professional qualifications and careers.bny mellon is an equal employment opportunity/affirmative action employer.minorities/females/individuals with disabilities/protected veterans.  primary location: united states-new jersey-jersey city internal jobcode: 45198 job: information technology organization: app platform & services-hr06429 requisition number: 1712420





 


see jobs by: 

categories


locations













who we are
our story
leadership
social responsibility




what we do
our services
who we serve
investment services
investment management
wealth management




our thinking
business insights
foresight
library















client access
careers
investor relations
news
contact




sitemap
suppliers
cookies
privacy
terms of use
©2017 the bank of new york mellon corporation






















