 job opening: java software engineer (full-stack), houston, texas at hire abby


 ← go back to hire abby's openings



hire abby
 java software engineer (full-stack)
houston, texas•full-time


 apply


about the job


are you looking for a new challenge to become a stronger developer? do you want to stretch your abilities in trending disciplines?as a java software engineer, you will join our engineering team and directly contribute to the ongoing development of our core software. you’ll be bringing self-motivation, a passion for the craft of software development, and knowledge of software design to the team. keep reading to learn details about the position.what is an average day?“average” is different for every team member. there are overlaps in responsibility, but we encourage our team members to structure their days with a focus on personal productivity and fulfillment. different work is done more efficiently in different places, with different mindsets. just be willing to share your worldview with the team!here are some of the tactical responsibilities:develop highly reliable distributed systemssupport the development of bi dashboards for other departmentsmaintain existing infrastructure with a focus on stability (tests, tests, tests!)automate the boring stuff so you can focus on the hard problems become friends with product, marketing, and cs through deep collaborationdedicate yourself to efficient, reusable, and reliable code with documentationa little about your skill setongoing learning is critical to our team’s success. we don’t expect you to have proficiency with all of the items below, but we do expect you to demonstrate the drive to quickly and efficiently adapt the tools necessary for the job.here is an overview of some of the skills you might have:2 years experience in software developmentpro skills with core java, java 8, jvm, etcexperience with at least one additional functional programming languagefamiliarity with agile software development frameworksexperience delivering enterprise level apps desire to convert customer feedback into actionable improvements experience building consistent products across mobile, web, and desktopa little about your interestswe don’t expect you to be an expert in all of the required tools and techniques. however, we do expect you to have the self-motivation to learn, experiment, and share in a fast-paced environment.below are some of the interests you might explore if not already familiar:working with lightweight microservices effective concurrent programming with javareal-time networks/systemsdeep learning networks (tensorflow, torch, etc) this is an equal employment opportunity (eeo) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability or genetics. in addition to federal law requirements, this opportunity follows state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment. we look forward to receiving your resume. we're waiting! your time is important, so we respond to every applicant within 24-48 hours instead of sending your resume into a black hole.

about hire abby
hire abby is the quickest way to predict a good fit your company without creating a painful waiting game for applicants. hire abby uses advanced messaging to engage applicants with personalized conversations.


 apply




powered by