


noble energy jobs - information security analyst ii in houston, texas, united states


















































            
                
                    noble energy jobs
                
            
        







where

city, state, country


what

job title, keywords











home

            view all jobs
            
(54)












noble energy, inc.


information security analyst ii in
            
houston, texas








noble energy, inc. (nyse:nbl) is currently seeking an information security analyst ii. the qualified candidate will be working on the it security team tasked with, among other things, identity & access management. this is an exciting time at noble, and cybersecurity is a much-supported critical component to the company’s success. while the focus of this position is idm, we all wear multiple cybersecurity ‘hats’, learning critical technologies while advancing noble’s security posture against tomorrow’s threats.
detailed description

identity and privilege integrations with saas solutions
an understanding of oracle oim system and software experience
deep familiarity with identity as a service (sail point)
api gateways, enterprise directories, sso, soa services, federation, ldap, radius, ise and other identity systems
experience with ics/scada networks and the use of network segmentation, bastion hosts, and zone based firewalls
a good understanding of privilege and session management systems
collaboration with business and technical teams to support an enterprise solution that is continuously scalable and adaptable
excellent oral and written communication skills
regularly present technical topics to technical and non-technical audiences
prioritize multiple high-priority tasks and formulate responses/recommendations to both the team and our business partners
provide assistance to other security functions
continually develop new technical skills and push overall team capabilities forward
perform other duties as assigned

job requirements

bachelor’s degree in business, mis, information assurance, computer science or engineering
3 years of experience implementingand/or supporting both automated and procedural information security solutions
motivated self-starter
experience with identity-as-a-service
sql, oracle, java experience preferred
security operations, including incident response

additional details

travel up to 10% domestically

job title: information security analyst ii
location: houston, tx, us
organization name: 2018 information security









apply now





apply now


share















current search criteria




              information security analyst ii
            



              houston
            



              texas
            

clear all








noble energy inc car...


career sites




noble energy


social media











about directemployer...
become a member
member directory
noble energy inc car...















interest owners
:
governance
:
contact information
:
site map
:
disclaimer and privacy policy
© 2011 noble energy, inc.
















