


careers center - data warehouse engineer ii















































please enable cookies to continue
please enable cookies in your browser to experience all the personalized features of this site, including the ability to apply for a job.







welcome page







returning candidate?

log back in!












data warehouse engineer ii


job location

us-ga-alpharetta





type

full-time









overview






leveraging deep integrations into retailers’ point-of-sale systems, incomm provides connectivity to a variety of service providers that allow consumers to conduct everyday business at more than 450,000 points of retail distribution worldwide. whether those consumers are activating prepaid products, paying bills, enjoying real-time discounts through a membership card, purchasing digital goods in-store or adding funds to an online account, incomm is there to provide unique gift-gifting opportunities, cater to on-the-go shoppers, deliver added value through loyalty programs and serve cash-based consumers. with 186 global patents, incomm is headquartered in atlanta with a presence in over 30 countries in north and south america, europe and the asia-pacific region. learn more at www.incomm.com or connect with us on www.twitter.com/incomm, www.facebook.com/incomm, www.linkedin.com/company/incomm or www.incomm.com/blog. 








about this opportunity






incomm is currently seeking a data warehouse engineer to be a part of our enterprise data warehouse group.  this position reports directly to manager, edw development.  the edw development group consists of 2 teams, edw development and edw reporting.  the dw engineer will be a part of edw development, a team of 5 who is responsible for collecting data from multiple sources sending data to a centralized dw for the organization. the current edw team consists primarily of developers.  however, the data warehouse engineer will be dedicated to problem resolution and coordination of changes with other teams, (network, dba, server systems, etc.).  this role is key to the success of this team. the primary responsibilities for this role will include:provide critical systems support and timely problem resolutionheavily involved with the data center migration activities for the bi serverscoordinate for other team on special projectsetl filestransfer files to loadable data warehousework closely with report development teamextra data from data warehouse and put it into a defined mart the data warehouse engineer should have experience with the following:etl (ssis)previous database experiencesql queriesdata martspentaho experience is a plus but, not required 








responsibilities






 primary responsibility for problem investigation and resolution during normal work hours.participation in after hours support rotationon-going platform maintenance coordination with data integration, network, dba, server systems, and storage systems for cross-team projects, resource procurement, system maintenance, server migrations or upgrades, database maintenance, and general change management.  








qualifications






 minimum 5, preferred 7+ years experience in data warehousing or related position4-year degree in related fieldextensive knowledge of microsoft bi stack (ssis, ssas, ssrs)extensive knowledge of microsoft sql server and query performance tuningextensive knowledge of etl and best practicesextensive knowledge of c# and vb as it pertains to scripting in ssisknowledge of data warehouse modeling and designknowledge of creating and managing restfull services for accessing data warehousesstrong collaboration skills and ability to build strong working relationships across multiple teams to include data integration, network, dba, server systems, etc.strong written and oral communication skills  incomm provides equal employment opportunities (eeo) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or national origin, citizenship, veteran’s status, age, disability status, genetics or any other category protected by federal, state, or local law. *this position is eligible for the employee referral bonus program - tier 4  





options

apply for this job onlineapplysharerefer this job to a friendrefer


sorry the share function is not working properly at this moment. please refresh the page and try again later.

share on your newsfeed






application faqssoftware powered by icimswww.icims.com









