


job details


















back to careers



select language
english
中文（中国）
deutsche
español
français
français (canadien)
indonesia
italiano
日本語
português (brasil)
русский
ไทย
türkmen





apply now







                job details
            







opportunity to grow 
on the job and in the classroom, we offer learning and development programmes to help you grow your career.



competitive pay
competitive pay and lots of great benefits too.



posted nov 30, 2017
software engineer
job number r140675
hotel brand: ihg corporate
north america » united states » georgia » atlanta












apply now



description
recommend a friend - band 7 usd do you see yourself as the software engineer for the global technology team? our americas corporate office, based in atlanta, georgia, is looking for a software engineer. this challenging role is responsible for analyzing, designing, coding, debugging and documenting software, including interface components, graphical screens, reports, and high level logic for system control. additionally, this position provides technical expertise and direction in developing and supporting system level programs, participates in all phases of the software development cycle, and ensures development conforms to performance optimization and interoperability standards and requirements.
key
responsibilities
 
job summary
– (role
summary)

responsible
for analyzing, designing, coding, debugging and documenting software, including
interface components, graphical screens, reports, and high level logic for
system control.   provides technical
expertise and direction in developing and supporting system level
programs.   participates in all phases of
the software development cycle.   ensure
development conforms to performance optimization and interoperability standards
and requirements.
 
essential duties and
responsibilities – (key activities)
·        
develop
real time applications for use in a multi-platform environment.    design, code, unit test and implement
complex programs; develop and support appropriate programs and systems
documentation according to established it standards.  
·        
plan,
schedule and conduct decision support system tests; monitor test results and
take required corrective action.  
·        
provide
input regarding systems development planning, product performance, support and
monitoring. 
·        
provide
reports on project development status to software engineering management on a
regular and timely basis. 
·        
provide
technical consultation in new systems development and enhancement of existing
systems; participate in structured walkthroughs and technical reviews. salary range:  competitive base plus potential bonus 
qualifications

qualifications
 
education
–
bachelor's
degree in computer science, engineering or an equivalent combination of
education and work related experience.
 
experience
–
2
- 5 years progressive work related experience in systems development and
programming with demonstrated technical proficiency related to the position.
 
technical
skills and knowledge –
·        
demonstrated experience and
knowledge in related software architectures and development methodologies.  
·        
demonstrated knowledge and
understanding of structured analysis and technical design techniques.
·        
demonstrated analytical and
problem solving skills.
·        
demonstrates clear, concise, and
succinct communication skills, including adapting both verbal and written
communication to the needs and level of the user.
 
specialized technical skills:
(development experience in one or more disciplines required)
·        
knowledge of data warehousing,
business intelligence, etl tool, rdbms and/or multi-dimensional  database
·        
knowledge of transaction
processing facility (tpf v4.1), assembler, visual age tools, c, c++, central
reservation systems applications
·        
knowledge of java, j2ee, oo, xml,
web services, internet/extranet/intranet
·        
knowledge of c++, db2, tuxedo,
weblogic and revenue management systems
·        
erp system (peoplesoft)
·        
knowledge of rad/jad,
client/server, unix
 
accountability
 
decision making responsibilities (key decision rights)
·        
this position has a moderate
impact to deliver assigned it development projects.
·        
this position has a moderate
impact on project costs, schedule and quality levels of it development
projects.
·        
decisions or recommendations, or
failure to complete projects could result in delays with considerable
expenditure of time, human resources or funds.
 
contacts (key relationships)
 
internal key relationships
this position will work closely with client
management, it development teams, support teams, data center resources, it
management to discuss projects, provide recommendations on improvement opportunities
and operating and financial performance.
 
external key relationships
·        
key vendors, professional
associations and industry experts to keep informed of existing and evolving
industry standards.
 
physical requirements
 
working environment -
work
is performed in a normal office environment.  
  in return we'll give you a competitive financial and benefits package which can include healthcare and dental coverage, disability and life insurance, and a matched 401(k) program. hotel discounts worldwide are available as well as the chance to work with a great team of people. most importantly, we'll give you the room to be yourself.  so what's your passion? please click "apply online" and tell us how you could bring your individual skills to ihg. ihg is an equal opportunity employer: minorities / females / disabled / veterans 















intercontinental hotels group



intercontinental hotels & resorts


kimpton suites


hualuxe hotels & resorts


holiday inn


holiday inn express


staybridge suites




hotel indigo


even hotels


crowne plaza hotels & resorts


holiday inn club vacations


holiday inn resorts


candlewood suites




ihg rewards club






twitter
facebook
youtube
glassdoor
linkedin



*ihg® rewards club not applicable to kimpton® hotels & restaurants; to be included at a future date.





© 2017 ihg
legal information
ihg careers











