

	entry level qa engineer #459797 us-tx-addison













 

















view all jobs


company web site








to view a complete job description, click on the job title.





view all jobs
entry level qa engineer








×
email this job






your first name



your last name




your e-mail address



e-mail address to share with

subject

message










 send e-mail
close






 us-tx-addison



apply



























×
employee referral





tell us who you are


first name
last name
e-mail address



                                please complete all 3 fields.
                            




how do you want to share?















close







company information
trintech is the leading provider of financial solutions for the record-to-report process cycle. customers use our products to gain greater stability and control over their critical record-to-report financial processes, leading to better overall business performance. over 900 organizations from the retail, manufacturing, financial, and service industries across 100 countries utilize trintech solutions, including half of the fortune 50 and the ftse 100. each is realizing the benefits of the company’s configurable and highly scalable solutions every day to: ensure the accuracy and integrity of financial data; identify and reduce transaction risk; optimize employee efficiency, improve the quality and timeliness of disclosure management and strengthen internal controls to support compliance requirements.

job description


	technology is rapidly changing the way companies do business. in addition to accuracy, they need greater mobility, simplicity and speed. these needs require access to intelligence, agile systems and integrated workflow solutions. this is what trintech delivers to companies.

	if you enjoy tackling problems that are difficult to solve, working on software engineering teams to ensure the highest level of quality, are meticulous in your attention to detail, and take your commitments seriously, then we have a career-changing opportunity that is right for you in our addison office as part of a growing organization that is leading our industry.

	essential duties and responsibilities


		design, create, and execute high quality reusable manual test cases and scripts.

		experience delivering high quality products on time while working in agile teams and following agile + safe methodologies.

		individual tasks within a work team, using the ability to manage multiple priorities.

		leverage test case management and defect tracking solutions.

		create and validate data using sql.

		works towards solving complex problems independently.

		manages individual career development; initiates career development discussions with manager.

skills & requirements


		bachelor's degree in computer science or equivalent work experience.

		experience in the software industry (qa and/or development).

		experience using test case management and defect tracking solutions.

		experience performing white-box and black-box testing activities in multi-tier solutions.

		experience testing client facing software.

		experience with tfs.

		experience troubleshooting technical issues with internal or external customers.

		demonstrates aptitude for analytical problem-solving.


	preferred qualifications:


		experience with testing commercial client facing software.

		experience using microsoft test manager a plus.

		experience with testing microservices a plus.

qualifications






 
 



powered by hirebridge











