









career center






































new search
                       
                    


login page
                       
                    














position description























 



senior data engineer




site


dallas, tx




employment duration


part-time/casual




job category


business analytics




apply now

job brief
ama is seeking several data engineer for our dallas, tx location!

analytical mechanics associates, inc., (ama) is proud of our customer relationships, our diverse and dynamic work environment, and our employees' career satisfaction. ama is a small business specializing in aerospace engineering, business analytics, information technology, and visualization solutions. ama combines the best of engineering and mathematics capabilities with the latest in information technologies and visualization to build creative solutions. headquartered in hampton, va, ama has operations in huntsville, al; dallas and houston, tx; denver, co; santa clara and mountain view, ca; new orleans, la; and hancock county, ms. we offer a competitive salary and attractive benefits package. our website describes our corporate values and how they apply to the professional success and growth of our employees.
job description
ama is actively seeking several data engineers for our dallas, tx location. project duration is 6-12 months with possible extensions. projected hours are 40 per week. ideal candidates would display the following skills:
who you are:

you yearn to be part of cutting edge, high profile projects and are motivated by delivering world-class solutions on an aggressive schedule
someone who is not intimidated by challenges; thrives even under pressure; is passionate about their craft; and hyper focused on delivering exceptional results
you love to learn new technologies and mentor junior engineers to raise the bar on your team
it would be awesome if you have a robust portfolio on github and/or open source contributions you are proud to share
passionate about intuitive and engaging user interfaces, as well as new/emerging concepts and techniques in web design
you use, or are passionate about learning spark, scala, akka, kafka, cassandra, accumulo, hbase, hadoop, hdfs, avro, mongodb, and mesos – and anything else that will help you solve big, messy problems

essential skills/experience:

hands on experience in data engineering (>1 yr), especially in some/all aspects of designing, building and monitoring
etl pipelines (e.g., using lambda, kafka, s3, emr/ec2, kinesis)
data warehouses (e.g., on redshift or any other mpp)
data lakes (e.g., using s3/hdfs & spark)
strong background in software development with expertise in python or java
unix/linux

preferred qualifications:

master’s degree
understanding of software security and threat models, and experience building secure applications
good understanding of data-governance concepts
experience administrating aws
experienced with stream data platforms such as apache kafka streams or apache storm agile
familiarity with agile engineering practices

ama is an equal opportunity employer. 

back
email
apply now



























