
golang developer job - resolve tech solutions - dallas, tx | indeed.com






















skip to job description, searchclose









find jobscompany reviewsfind salariesfind resumesemployers / post job







upload your resume


sign in







:







what
where





advanced job search


 

 



 



job title, keywords or company


city, state, or zip












golang developer

resolve tech solutions
     -
dallas, tx

contract



job summarygolang developer - dallas, txqualifications:golang developer. bachelor's degree (ba/bs) in a related field such as information systems, mathematics, or computer science. excellent written and verbal communication skills. strong organizational and analytical skills.go backend engineer - programming and scripting language experience in one or more of following areas: golang, c/c++, experience with cloud iaas and paas platforms - experience with backend service oriented architecture, rest apis and microservice architecture - experience with linux and related tools - must be familiar with rdbms and writing medium complexity sql - experience with ci/cd automation tools desirable - some experience with automated testing tools - familiarity with infrastructure automation tools - experience with agile methodology - 8-12 years of relevant experience.responsibilities:under broad direction and supervision, develops, maintains, and enhances client systems as well as designs and develops new features. develops, maintains, enhances, and tests client systems of moderate to high complexity. serves as the primary technical point of contact on client engagements of moderate to high complexity and of high value to the organization. involved with the investigation and resolution of complex data, system, and software issues in the production environment. under broad direction, designs and implements strategic partner integrations. participates in the specification and design of new features at client or business request. participates in the evaluation of new platforms, tools, and technologies. develops and maintains internal tools. performs other duties as assigned.job type: contractjob location:dallas, txrequired education:bachelor'srequired experience:golang: 8 years

7 days ago   -  save job









» apply now

            please review all application instructions before applying to resolve tech solutions.






other jobs you may like


golang developer

resolve tech solutions inc. -
					dallas, tx
8 days ago

 easily apply



vba developer

axius technologies -
					dallas, tx
5 hours ago

 easily apply



tpf developer

keylent inc -
					dallas, tx
1 day ago

 easily apply



hadoop developer

advanced resources -
					dallas, tx
5 days ago

 easily apply



servicenow developer

professionalguru -
					dallas, tx
18 hours ago

 easily apply






 





let employers find youthousands of employers search for candidates on indeedupload your resume










about - help center


©2017 indeed - cookies, privacy and terms



let employers find you  upload your resume










