


careers center - database engineer











































please enable cookies to continue
please enable cookies in your browser to experience all the personalized features of this site, including the ability to apply for a job.







welcome page







returning candidate?

log back in!












database engineer


job locations

us-tx-richardson





job id

9770









minimum clearance required






ts/sci








responsibilities






functional responsibilities: serve as a senior database engineer / administrator performing data architecture, data modeling, database administration, and cots integration support. position may require the ability to provide on-call, after-hours/weekend support, when necessary depending on program needs.   








qualifications






experience requirements:minimum of 8 years of database development experience minimum of 8 years of experience as an oracle database administrator and/or oracle database engineer. experience with ddl scripts to create, maintain, and upgrade database schemas experience with sql and pl/sql to perform complex queries, data manipulations and data migrations experience writing and maintaining shell scripts; additional scripting experience such as perl, python, ruby a plusexperience with database optimization, performance tuning, backup and restore, table space allocation/management, managing the overall health and status of the database, managing the database schema, creating triggers and stored procedures, monitoring the oracle alert logs and resolving database-related issues.familiar with current database related vendor products and current research directions.practiced in integration of cots products in implementing successful customer-driven solutions. desired experience:experience with other database products such as postgres, mongodb, cassandra, etc. is highly desired experience with oracle products such as real application clusters, data guard, application server, oracle text, label security, replication and streamsexperience developing and maintaining data models experience with model-driven development and data modeling using tools such as erwin, sql developer data modeler, oracle designer, sybase powerdesigner working knowledge of j2ee architecture and an understanding of object-oriented modeling languages.working with java developers on database data access layers using jdbc, hibernate, jpa, etc. experience in system accreditation using proxy users, virtual private database technology and label security. familiar with technologies related to high volume data handling and ingestion and high data rate extraction with integrity checking and indexing. clearance: ts/sci essential requirements - physical demands: the physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job with or without reasonable accommodation.while performing the duties of this job, the employee will regularly sit, walk, stand and climb stairs and steps. may require walking long distance from parking to work station. occasionally, movement that requires twisting at the neck and/or trunk more than the average person, squatting/ stooping/kneeling, reaching above the head, and forward motion will be required. the employee will continuously be required to repeat the same hand, arm, or finger motion many times. manual and finger dexterity are essential to this position. specific vision abilities required by this job include close, distance, depth perception and telling differences among colors. the employee must be able to communicate through speech with clients and public. hearing requirements include conversation in both quiet and noisy environments. lifting may require floor to waist, waist to shoulder, or shoulder to overhead movement of up to 20 pounds. this position demands tolerance for various levels of mental stress. isys technologies is an engineering and information technology company focused on providing services to the federal and state government. isys offers a competitive compensation program and comprehensive benefits package to our employees including health/dental/vision/pto and more. isys technologies is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer. all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, or status as a protected veteran. us citizenship is required.





options

apply for this job onlineapplyshareemail this job to a friendrefer


sorry the share function is not working properly at this moment. please refresh the page and try again later.

share on your newsfeed





application faqssoftware powered by icimswww.icims.com









