








wireless software engineer


 

















skip to content

cisco
cisco jobs


menu




english
|
français
sign in






search jobs
careers home
students and new grads
events
stay in touch




 







< back to search results







wireless software engineer





apply








location:
richardson, texas, us


area of interest
engineer - software


job type
professional


technology interest
cloud and data center


job id
1211963


new





what you'll do  you’re extremely motivated software engineer and passionate about learning and contributing to the team and the business with "can do" attitude. strong design/programming ethic.      knowledge of designing large-scale systems in c/c++ environments is      helpful.dedication to quality: ability to      ensure and commit to a higher standard of quality than usual in the face      of time to market pressures.strong os fundamentals and      networking concepts is a requirement.in-depth experience in designing      networking systems with l2, l3 and multicast background responsibilities: participate on a project team of engineers involved in the development of software for our next generation campus switching architectures. define, architect, design, and deliver new software and features for the campus switching platforms day to day activities will involve building new features, understanding features in a competitive product and proposing solutions that work for our platform, writing functional and design specifications, programming, unit and integration testing your code, helping review specifications and code for other software engineers in the team, helping documentation team with the configuration aspects of your feature. who you'll work with the wireless networking group (wng) is the industry leader in enterprise wlan with a proven track record in building innovative wireless solutions. we are looking for passionate and dedicated embedded linux savvy programmers to form the core of a new team delivering service provide features for a key segment of wireless customers.  do you enjoy spearheading innovation through personal initiative? would it excite you to be part of a highly motivated best of breed engineering team who is redefining and refreshing the software portfolio for cisco's wireless access points? would you like to challenge yourself in driving a key technology transition in the wireless industry while working the market leader? would you cherish to develop code using the most modern development methods using a test driven development focus? can you demonstrates the ability to develop software with a system-level focus while understanding the impact of every component, work with minimal supervision, collaborate with a cross-functional team and leverages technical knowledge and project management experience to accomplish the goals. who you are you are a software engineer with      5+ years of experience with bs/ms in computer systems, software and      architecture.expertise in 802.11 a, b/g, n      protocolsunderstanding of lan/wan      routing/switching and other network layer protocolsyou possess the aptitude to      multi-task in fast-paced environmentyou have at least 3 years of      linux embedded development experienceyou are good with writing      distributed platform and system softwareyou are desired to have      experienced with board bringup, writing and debugging device driversdeep understanding of linux and      network resource managementyou are an excellent c programmer      and possess strong analytical and logical solving skillsyou have experience with      cpu/memory management/io and virtualization technologiesyou have a deep expertise of the      network protocol stack, including l2 switching and ip routing, tcp/ipprefer strong skills in python/perl      scripting desired skills: self-motivated, strong sense of      ownership, good teammate you should be able to own large portions of the software from a technical perspective handle multiple tasks at once and      work independently with minimal managerial mentorship. have experience in customer deployment. strong interpersonal and      communication skills.strong team building skills. this      role requires the ability to work across departments and with other teamsbe open to continuous learning      and committed to ongoing self-improvement.initiate and participate in      organizational efforts to improve overall group productivity and test      effectiveness. contribute to overall test strategies why cisco we connect everything: people,      processes, data, and things. we innovate everywhere, taking bold risks to      shape the technologies that give us smart cities, connected cars, and      handheld hospitals. and we do it in style with rare personalities who      aren’t afraid to change the way the world works, lives, plays and learns.we are leaders with vision, tech      geeks, pop culture aficionados, and we even have a few purple haired rock      stars. we celebrate the creativity and diversity that fuels our      innovation. we are dreamers and we are doers. we are cisco.  cisco is an affirmative action and equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, national origin, genetic information, age, disability, veteran status, or any other legally protected basis. cisco will consider for employment, on a case by case basis, qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records. 




share




share wireless software engineer with facebook
share wireless software engineer with linkedin
share wireless software engineer with twitter
share wireless software engineer with google+
share wireless software engineer with a friend via e-mail







apply









apply





share




share wireless software engineer with facebook
share wireless software engineer with linkedin
share wireless software engineer with twitter
share wireless software engineer with google+
share wireless software engineer with a friend via e-mail






job notifications
sign up to receive notifications of similar jobs



notify me












accessibility for applicants with disabilities
e-verify participation poster
right to work poster
agency portal

cisco is an affirmative action and equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, national origin, genetic information, age, disability, veteran status, or any other legally protected basis.
                cisco will consider for employment, on a case by case basis, qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.





jobs help
|
terms & conditions
|
privacy statement
|
cookie policy
|
trademarks


follow we are cisco
linkedin
twitter
facebook
snapchat
instagram
glassdoor







