

test engineer - entry level (irving, tx) - irving, tx - allstate careers

job search – allstate careers




































connect with allstate careers

















home



career areas
claims
continuous improvement & industrial engineering
customer service & support
data science & analytics
finance & investments
human resources
legal
marketing & corporate relations
product & pricing
sales
technology



students




events




veterans



life @ allstate
benefits
diversity
awards
corporate responsibility



blog




application status








connect with allstate














home
career areas
students
events
veterans
life @ allstate
blog
application status






claims
continuous improvement & industrial engineering
customer service & support
data science & analytics
finance & investments


human resources
legal
marketing & corporate relations
product & pricing
sales
technology






benefits
diversity
awards
corporate responsibility












home > job search

share:
















            test engineer - entry level (irving, tx)
        





apply now
       



job id : 
89065


location : 
irving, tx us


level : 
new grad


job category : 
information technology


description : 
where good people build rewarding careers.
think that working in the insurance field can’t be exciting, rewarding and challenging? think again. you’ll help us reinvent protection and retirement to improve customers’ lives. we’ll help you make an impact with our training and mentoring offerings. here, you’ll have the opportunity to expand and apply your skills in ways you never thought possible. and you’ll have fun doing it. join a company of individuals with hopes, plans and passions, all using and developing our talents for good, at work and in life.
job descriptionthe opportunity
consumer connectivity is growing every day—across our cars, smartphones, homes, and in virtually every aspect of our lives. we recognized this trend when we launched drivewise in 2010, and we haven’t stopped accelerating since. when you join our technology team, you’ll have the freedom to dream up amazing innovations and explore new technologies. we’re looking for technology visionaries who aren’t afraid to rethink the way things work.
today, our telematics sensors now connect more than 1,000,000 consumers, and our mobile user experiences are helping to make our customers’ driving experiences more informative, engaging, and fun. so we’re not overpromising when we say that at allstate, you can make an impact on the future of the driving experience and in how consumers connect across the internet of things.
 
the role
the test engineer family is an active and integral participant on software development teams. the etrm test engineer supports all test strategy and coordination, planning, creation and execution activities for multiple test types identified as in-scope, champions overall quality efforts, identifies and defines acceptance criteria and test conditions, and creates and executes test scenarios that validate application acceptance criteria. 
 
the job
the test engineer consultant assists with test execution on an agile or waterfall project, focusing on the creation or execution of automated test scripts for basic/low complexity projects, assists in the development of the test strategy as a quality champion on the team, identifies acceptance criteria, and may define the test conditions when stories or requirements are created.
 
responsibilities:
 
in an agile/scrum environment, may:

execute practical application of agile framework components (user stories, scrum, sprints, etc.).
participate in scrum, daily stand-up, sprint and iterative development activities –learning to take on any role within the agile team
participate in sprint planning and release planning
participate in backlog refinement
provide input into acceptance criteria when stories are created

 
for activities related to test management, may:

decompose business requirements to be able to write effective acceptance criteria and automated test scripts for basic/low complexity projects
provide input into an iterative test strategy, develop test strategy for basic/low complexity projects
execute test cases within the functional, mobile, performance, or web services automation framework
provide input into environment needs for basic/low complexity projects
provide input into software quality via continuous and iterative testing approach
understand and escalate issues related to the test infrastructure
participate in an environment where a test driven development behavior is fostered
create automated scripts that support continuous integration/continuous delivery pipeline
apply testing lifecycle management principles in the context of a product
identify and communicate testing-related defects/issues/risks
report test metrics utilizing standard reporting formats
possess technical competency to interact with application developers to ensure software quality

job qualificationsqualifications

preferred seniors graduating in winter 2017 or spring 2018 may or june 2018
pursuing bachelor’s in computer science and/or computer engineering
location: northbrook, il or irving, tx
previous internship or coursework related to manual & automation testing experience of n-tier applications
experience with the following:
	
sdlc
agile scrum
 software development experience (java preferred)
test automation development experience with open source and market-leading vended solutions creating functional, regression, or performance tests
relational database management (oracle, sql, mysql) sql and data validation are essential
testing web services


strong analysis, troubleshooting, and problem solving skills
leverages agile/scrum-enabling test execution tools.
	 


benefits and perks

pension plan plus 401k
career path/succession planning
mentoring programs
tuition reimbursement
generous paid time off (with option to purchase additional days)
medical, dental, vision, life and long term disability insurance
health and wellness benefits, including: nutrition/weight management, smoking cessation program, stress management, lifestyle coaching, financial resources, healthy choice/subsidized meals at corporate cafeterias, on-site fitness center / doctor / pharmacy / massages
corporate discount programs (insurance, automotive, childcare, mobile phone plans, fitness centers, retail)
on-site services: oil changes, dry cleaning, nail/hair salon, convenience store, doctor, pharmacy
employee resource groups including allstate women's information network (awin), professional latino allstate network (plan), allstate asian american network (3an), allstate network of gay and lesbian employees and supporters (angles), african american working network (aawn), young professional organization (ypo), parents working together (pwt), allstate adoption network (aan) and allstate veterans engagement team and supporters (avets)

 
connect with us on twitter, facebook, pinterest and linkedin​ to find out for yourself... or hear from some of our employees in we are allstate​
 
the candidate(s) offered this position will be required to submit to a background investigation, which includes a drug screen.
good work. good life. good hands®. 
as a fortune 100 company and industry leader, we provide a competitive salary – but that’s just the beginning. our total rewards package also offers benefits like tuition assistance, medical and dental insurance, as well as a robust pension and 401(k). plus, you’ll have access to a wide variety of programs to help you balance your work and personal life -- including a generous paid time off policy.
learn more about life at allstate. connect with us on twitter, facebook, instagram and linkedin or watch a video.



allstate generally does not sponsor individuals for employment-based visas for this position.

effective july 1, 2014, under indiana house enrolled act (hea) 1242, it is against public policy of the state of indiana and a discriminatory practice for an employer to discriminate against a prospective employee on the basis of status as a veteran by refusing to employ an applicant on the basis that they are a veteran of the armed forces of the united states, a member of the indiana national guard or a member of a reserve component. 

for jobs in san francisco, please see the notice regarding the san francisco fair chance ordinance. 
for jobs in los angeles, please seethe notice regarding the los angeles ordinance.

it is the policy of allstate to employ the best qualified individuals available for all jobs without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity/gender expression, disability, and citizenship status as a veteran with a disability or veteran of the vietnam era.
abc




apply now
       














follow us


facebook
twitter
instagram
youtube
linkedin


allstate insurance company is an equal opportunity employer. all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment and will not be discriminated against on the basis of race, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, protected veteran or any other protected status.
  ⓒ 2017 allstate insurance company. all rights reserved.










