



careers at jda software




















 






careers customer support education contact us





















industries
solutions

services

support & training

customers

thought leadership

news & events

alliances 

about jda 




search results


jda.com homepage > careers









your user session will timeout in 5 minutes.  please click ok to continue with your application.


















					software engineer -google cloud/ saas development
				


						tracking code
					

						ln_gcp_tx 
					

						job description
					

jda software is the leading supply chain provider powering today’s digital transformation.  we help companies optimize delivery to customers by enabling them to predict and shape demand, fulfill faster and more intelligently, and improve customer experiences and loyalty.  more than 4,000 global customers use our unmatched end-to-end solutions portfolio to unify and shorten their supply chains, increase speed of execution and profitably deliver to their customers.  our world-class client roster includes 73 of the top 100 retailers, 71 of the top 100 consumer goods companies, and 13 of the top 16 3pls.  running jda, you can plan to deliver.  www.jda.com
 
position title
software engineer -google cloud/ saas development
 
location
dallas, tx
 
overview 
the software engineer will be part of a web applications scrum team responsible for developing new features and functionalities as well as defect resolution for jda’s next-generation applications. this person will help to implement approaches based upon requirement specifications from customers and product management.
 
responsibilities 

work as part of a fast-paced and challenging development team.
utilize the agile process to design and build features and functionality delivered on time and within scope.
collaboratively develop solutions using the latest data technologies, including scala, spark, hadoop, elasticsearch, redis, kafka, and leveraging and extending a range of machine learning techniques.
develop automated tests to validate newly added functionality on continuous integration servers.
work with the business analysts to translate functional requirements/use cases into technical approaches.
work with user experience designers to help visualize and build web-based application front ends.
troubleshoot technical issues on internal servers/environments and provide resolutions for defects found in the field.
research areas of the system and define impact of proposed new feature scope.



						required skills
					


bachelor’s degree required; preferably in computer science or related field
knowledge of google cloud platform is a plus

 
 
our values
if you want to know the heart of a company, take a look at their values. ours unite us. they are what drive our success – and the success of our customers. does your heart beat like ours? find out here.
 
let’s socialize 
join the conversation online by connecting and following us on twitter @jdasoftware @jdacareers and facebook (http://bit.ly/9s2dve), and linkedin (http://bit.ly/2rv4kue) also, check out jda's blog - supply chain nation - the platform for supply chain trends and innovations at http://blog.jda.com.
 
*li-ln1
 


						job location
					

						dallas, texas, united states
					

						position type
					

						full-time/regular
					





							apply
						











								share
							






















					return to job listings
				




















 
            
           
	
            
          
 
	
          
 
	
        
          


contact jda


	
                              15059 n scottsdale rd, ste 400 
                              scottsdale, az 85254-2666 
                              480.308.3000 
                              fax 480.308.3001                          
hq directions 
jda global offices








 ©2010. jda software group. all rights reserved. offices | investor relations | careers | privacy policy | sitemap | loginindustries solutions services support & training customers thought leadership news & events alliances about jda












