


anesthesia jobs | u.s. anesthesia partners |business intelligence engineer

















































please enable cookies to continue
please enable cookies in your browser to experience all the personalized features of this site, including the ability to apply for a job.





returning candidate?

log back in!





business intelligence engineer



business intelligence engineer




job id 

2017-1749




location 
us-tx-dallas





function 

accounting/finance




employment status 
full-time







more information about this job




overview







the business intelligence engineer will build data driven solutions to solve a variety of problems across the healthcare space. knowledge and skills in statistics, data analysis, communication and must have the ability to work in a fast-paced environment.  this person will work with the business intelligence team to create a broad and strategic set of projects across the organization, including; redesign of the financial reporting process, continuously monitoring and improving the entire revenue cycle, and utilizing code and machine learning to rethink how providers process claims. they will work well with all departments, have a proven track record of rapidly solving problems with data. as a business intelligence engineer on the team you’ll be working with a talented team to help understand and guide the business. we use a variety of analytical tools, including sql, r, and power bi. our team is a mixture of developers, medical personnel and business managers who work together to build scalable solutions to improve the revenue cycle. the successful candidate will use data to drive improvements throughout usap.







responsibilities







 duties and responsibilities (include but not limited to):produce complex ad-hoc queries and reports using t-sql, ssrs, and powerbidesign and develop data extracts using ssisgather user requirements and perform business analysisdata warehouse developmentdevelop detailed test conditions and test cases to ensure quality of queries and reportsresearch and troubleshoot data questionscollaborate on problem resolution, team decisions and project planningparticipate in ad hoc projects







qualifications







job requirements:bachelor’s degree in computer science, engineering, or technical discipline3+ years of t-sql query writing (ms sql server 2012 enterprise)3+ years business intelligence tool experience 3+ years of data analysis and requirements gathering3+ years financial reporting experienceadvanced microsoft excel skills. including vba, macros and automationproficient financial reporting skillsdemonstrated success in developing, maintaining and supporting financial modelsability to analyze and reconcile large sets of dataself-motivated, with a sense of autonomy, initiative and responsibilityteam player preferred job requirements:high degree of accuracy along with attention to detail, excellent oral and written communication skills, strong interpersonal skills and the ability to meet deadlinesstrong knowledge of healthcare revenue cycle business processesbusiness objectscoding in python or r an assetbig data and machine learning experiencege centricity business experiencepower bi (or willing to learn)sharepoint (or willing to learn) 





options

apply for this job onlineapplyshareemail this job to a friendrefer



share on your newsfeed




need help finding the right job?




we can recommend jobs specifically for you!

click here to get started.








go back to the welcome page

application faqssoftware powered by icimswww.icims.com









