














career opportunities: software engineer (70967) 


























javascript is turned off in your web browser. turn it on to take full advantage of this site, then refresh the page.

loading...






powered by successfactors




                              sign in













career opportunities: software engineer (70967)



















req id 70967 - posted 10/13/2017 - tx - dallas



 &nbspjob description print preview









	                  apply
	                 
	         	 
              




                  apply using linkedin™
                 
               
              







	                  save job
	                





	                  email job to friend
	                





                  return to list
                







 



drs technologies, inc.
drs technologies is a leading supplier of integrated products, services and support to military forces, intelligence agencies and prime contractors worldwide. focused on defense technology, we develop, manufacture and support a broad range of systems for mission critical and military sustainment requirements, as well as homeland security.

headquartered in washington, dc, the company is a wholly owned subsidiary of leonardo which employs more than 70,000 people worldwide. we offer a competitive compensation package and a business culture which rewards performance. for additional information on drs, please visit our website at www.drs.com.
 
company overview
drs electro optical infrared systems (eois) is part of the c4isr group with locations in dallas, texas and melbourne, florida.  we develop, manufacture, and support infrared and electro-optical solutions for soldiers, ground vehicles and airborne platforms.  we offer an exciting and challenging work environment, a competitive salary and benefits package, and a business culture that rewards performance.  
 
developing talent and culture at a world class company!
 
location
dallas, tx 
 
position summary
as a software engineer for the enterprise software engineering team you will be responsible for developing, testing, and maintaining a range of applications and tools that support our test engineering and factory automation processes.  your work will require teamwork alongside members of the engineering and production operations organizations whose backgrounds span disciplines such as embedded systems development, product engineering, design engineering, wafer fabrication and manufacturing.
 
basic qualifications and required skills

b.s. in computer science, computer engineering, software engineering or a related discipline from an accredited institution
0-5 years of experience in software development
experience developing applications with the .net framework, the base class library (bcl) and.net languages (c#, vb.net, etc)
experience developing web services and web applications
excellent written and verbal communication skills
expertise in object oriented programming concepts
college level mathematics (calculus, statistics, linear algebra, etc.)
strong problem solving and troubleshooting skills
an ability to quickly learn and apply new software engineering technologies and methodologies
ability to work under minimal supervision and within the framework of a multi-discipline team
u.s. citizenship

 
desired 

experience developing applications with visual basic 6.0 or visual basic for applications (vba)
experience developing applications with c/c++.
experience designing and implementing databases and stored procedures using sql
experience with matlab or other numerical computing environments
experience with automation of test and measurement devices such as oscilloscopes, multimeters, power supplies, data acquisition devices, frame grabbers, etc.

 
duties and responsibilities 

responsible for software development tasks including requirements gathering, application/library design, implementation, verification, validation and maintenance.
responsible for assisting engineers from other disciplines with tasks including engineering tool development and test set debugging/troubleshooting.
responsible for ensuring conformance to drs software engineering processes
general database tasks such as maintenance and the development of new tables and stored procedures to support existing and/or new software services and/or clients.
other duties as assigned

 
only candidates that meet the qualifications as outlined above will be contacted for further information.
applicants selected for this position will be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information. only us citizens are eligible for a security clearance. 
 
drs technologies, inc. is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer. we consider applicants without regard to race, color, religion, creed, gender, national origin, age, disability, genetic information, marital or veteran status, or any other category protected by federal, state or local law. #c4isr






 









	                  apply
	                 
	           	
              




                  apply using linkedin™
                 
              
              







	                  save job
	                





	                  email job to friend
	                





                  return to list
                






















email this job to a friend





 








 


 



the job has been sent to
          


 



please provide the information below



job title:
        




*your email address:
        




*your friend's email address:
        



message:
        
         






verification code:
        





*please enter the verification code here:
        














send
            




cancel
            



















