







centaurus





















toggle navigation






 (972) 501 9858
 
 






home
about
services

technology staffing
it infrastructure services
application development
mobility services

clients
testimonials
contact














careers

jobs at centaurus 



 


centaurus is hiring! you'll get to work with great individuals on a variety of projects, and play an important role in the future of several products and teams. 
if you're interested, send a note to jobs@centaurustek.com with your information, projects you've completed in the past, your online profile (github, website, personal blog, etc., and your resume. 
job opportunities
centaurus is always looking for the best and the brightest individuals to join our team of professionals. opportunities currently exist at all office locations.
available positions




senior data warehouse engineer

job description

build enterprise data warehouse, analytical solutions using qlikview/qliksense, sap business objects, informatica and oracle pl/sql.
design, develop and test complex etl jobs using informatica.
develop reports, scorecards, and dashboards using business objects and qlikview/qliksense.
develop and maintain sap business objects universes.
define implementation plan, sizing of the environments, setup and configuration of informatica, sap business objects, qliksense, smart data associations, beta map integrations and sharing apps through qliksense cloud.
establish best practices for qlikview/qliksense development, deployment ,qliksense server installation (hub, sense qmc, engine, proxy, scheduler) and creation of reusable templates. optimize existing qlikview/qliksense reports with an emphasis on performance, usability and standardization.
develop qlikview applications based on incrementally load transactions using qvd files.
develop pixel perfect customized qlikview/qliksense reports as per the client requirements using nprinting reporting tool.
troubleshoot and improve the performance of etl jobs, reports and dashboards by using best practices of oracle and sql server databases.
develop and maintain enterprise data model for data marts using erwin modeling tool.
write complex pl/sql statements and stored procedures to collect, analyze, and report data across multiple functional business systems.

location: will work in irving, texas and/or various client sites throughout the u.s. must be willing to travel and/or relocate.  apply now or e-mail resumes to hr@centaurustek.com




unix systems administrator

job description

responsible for installation, configuration and administration of unix systems such as solaris, red hat linux, aix. 
responsible for building, configuring, and managing solaris servers in a zoned/virtualized environment. 
perform installation and troubleshooting of apache web server and rectify performance issues. 
responsible for installation and configuration of automation technologies such as puppet, chef, cfengine, urban code. 
perform vmware/openstack installation and configuration on servers. perform os tuning, understand networking, perform user management, and perform security-hardening, review os logs as needed and perform system backups.
develop perl scripts to automate routine activities and perform scheduled events and tasks as per queuing in batch processing.

location: will work in irving, texas and/or various client sites throughout the u.s. must be willing to travel and/or relocate. apply now  or e-mail resumes to hr@centaurustek.com




systems analyst-clinical applications

job duties

work with computational scientists, software developers to develop effective clinical applications.
 investigate application issues, document findings, and troubleshoot problems.
 install and update clinical applications in the research it environment, document system changes, write and maintain documentation for end users.
 consult and collaborate with it coworkers to determine best red hat linux(rhel) systems configurations for applications. 
 install and maintain physical as well as virtual red hat linux(rhel) servers based on project requirements.
 support aws cloud infrastructure which included management and configuration of various aws services. create ec2 instances, update security group and iam policies.
write and maintain shell scripts to automate the administrative tasks using cron.
 install and configure the emc symmetrix vmax storage solution with existing infrastructure. 

minimum requirements: b.s. computer science, biology, chemistry or related and 2 years of experience in 
installing and maintaining red hat linux(rhel) servers, support aws cloud infrastructure, create 
ec2 instances, write shell scripts, install and configure emc symmetrix vmax.apply now  or e-mail resumes to hr@centaurustek.com
pwd alternative titles: systems administrator.




in exchange for your hard work and dedication, centaurus offers benefits including:




  competitive salaries	
  long term disability




401(k)
 life insurance


generous paid time off package
room for growth and advancement


 tuition reimbursement
special summer hours


 medical and dental benefits
customized work arrangements





to apply for a position at centaurus, please send us your resume. due to the volume of resumes we receive, we are unable to contact all applicants. if there are not any positions that match your qualifications at the time you apply, we will keep your resume on file for future positions. 
send resume to:
                attn: human resources
                600 e. las colinas blvd
                suite # 1350
                irving, texas 75039
                phone : 972-501-9858 , 972-823-9858
                fax : 972-924-5425
                e-mail: jobs@centaurustek.com



technology staffing
it infrastructure services
application development
mobility services
team
csr
contact















centaurus
home
about
clients
team
testimonials
csr




staffing services
technology staffing
it infrastructure services
application development
mobility services





legal
privacy policy
terms & conditions

office location
400 e royal lane suite # 203, irving, texas 75039.



contact & support
contact
careers
 (972) 501 9858
 info@centaurustek.com



â© 2014 centaurus technology partners.








