














career opportunities: senior software engineer ii (6143) 


























javascript is turned off in your web browser. turn it on to take full advantage of this site, then refresh the page.

loading...














skip to main content












career opportunities: senior software engineer ii (6143)




















job requisition id 6143 - posted 07/25/2017 - arizona



 &nbspjob description print preview









	                  apply
	                 
	         	 
              




                  apply using linkedin™
                 
               
              







	                  save job
	                





                  return to list
                







 



standard education and experience for this level
bs plus 7 years of experience or equivalent
ms plus 4 years experience or equivalent
education
bs degree in computer science with a minor in engineering, science or mathematics and 7 years of experience is preferred. an ms degree in computer science and 4 years of experience, or a bachelor’s degree in engineering along with either a minor or equivalent in computer science and experience 4 years experience is required.
 
experience
five years of experience developing the following types of software:
 
c++
developing for windows and windows embedded operating systems
machine control systems
experience in the following application areas is a plus:
multi-threaded applications, real-time software, device drivers or other interrupt driven software
graphical user interfaces
semiconductor factory automation
data communications and networking
 (an equivalent combination of education and experience where a comparable amount of knowledge, skills and ability has been achieved.)
 
skills
proficiency in c/c++
knowledge of programming tools such as text editors, debuggers, application builders and configuration management tools.
ability to read code and understand the functionality implemented and the ability to translate the functionality into another piece of software
ability to understand the system ‘big picture’ and how new functionality fits into that system
excellent communication skills to discuss with engineering groups to determine the true software requirements
comprehend software documentation including specification and design documents, communication interface specific and api descriptions
knowledge of semiconductor standards is preferred
knowledge of delphi (pascal) an advantage
 
 
general job description
the position involves delivering software that has immediate, tangible results visible in the operation of semiconductor processing equipment hardware.  the hardware includes robotics, gas valves, temperature controllers and other hardware.  the engineer will work with other software engineers, engineers from other departments, and other asm personnel. he will be required to use his experience and judgment to provide software system engineering solutions. the engineer will work independently or as a team member on software development efforts.  the senior software engineer may act as a mentor for newly hired software engineers.
 

design, develop and troubleshoot computer software, including embedded software for control systems.
author, revise, and review system specifications, software designs, test plans, and other software documentation.
investigate both internal and external inquiries, questions and problem reports. offer problem analysis, solutions, or alternatives as a result of these investigations.
evaluate software engineering tools.
participate in system design teams.
assist marketing with information which will allow them to prepare quotes to customers and marketing specifications.
travel to customer sites to support installations, training, and trouble shooting of asm products.
develop schedules for software development efforts.
provide engineering solutions to resolve all software issues
provide general software department support:

evaluating new software and hardware tools for possible department use
author and review policies, procedures and work instructions






 









	                  apply
	                 
	           	
              




                  apply using linkedin™
                 
              
              







	                  save job
	                





                  return to list
                






















email this job to a friend





 








 


 



the job has been sent to
          


 



please provide the information below



job title:
        




*your email address:
        




*your friend's email address:
        



message:
        
         






verification code:
        





*please enter the verification code here:
        














send
            




cancel
            



















