
recruit wizard












































 


cefd engineer 1 15639061
?  help








please fill in the information below and use the navigational buttons to continue.





warning: using your browser's back and forward buttons may produce undesirable results.





summaryentry level software engineer position focused on java gui real time embedded development. candidate will work with team of developers designing and implementing the software for satellite ground station equipments. candidate will be responsible for maintenance and improvement to communication protocols and applications for variety of embedded devices and windows/java applications. requirementsjava c and c++ language experience and familiarity with real time operating system (rtos) are required knowledge with embedded devices such as cold fire, free scale ppc microprocessors or equivalent areplus. experience with device drivers, snmp, web design, vxworks, tcp/ip networking are added advantages essential duties and responsibilities include the following. other duties may be assigned.work includes design, fabrication, modification, and evaluation of electronic hardware or software. confers with research personnel to clarify or resolve problems and develops design. prepares detailed engineering drawings, schematics and/or design documents under direct supervision. plans, develops and conducts experimental test programs under direct supervision. analyzes test data and reports to determine if design meets functional and performance specifications. confers with research and other engineering personnel and prepares design modifications as required. uses computer assisted engineering and design software and equipment to formulate and test designs. qualificationsto perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. the requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. education and/or experiencebachelor of science/master of science in computer science /electrical engineering required language skillsability to read, analyze, and interpret common scientific literature and technical journals. ability to effectively present information to colleagues and/or management. mathematical skillsability to apply advanced mathematical concepts such as exponents, logarithms, quadratic equations, and permutations. ability to apply mathematical operations to such tasks as frequency distribution, determination of test reliability and validity, analysis of variance, correlation techniques, sampling theory, and factor analysis. reasoning abilityability to define problems, collect data, establish facts, and draw valid conclusions. ability to interpret an extensive variety of technical instructions in mathematical or diagram form and deal with several abstract and concrete variables.  


 





first name *






last name *
 









email address *
 









country *
 

united states
afghanistan
aland islands
albania
algeria
american samoa
andorra
angola
anguilla
antarctica
antigua & barbuda
argentina
armenia
aruba
australia
austria
azerbaijan
bahamas
bahrain
bangladesh
barbados
belarus
belgium
belize
benin
bermuda
bhutan
bolivia
bosnia & herzegovina
botswana
bouvet island
brazil
british indian ocean terr.
brunei darussalam
bulgaria
burkina faso
burundi
cambodia
cameroon
canada
cape verde
cayman islands
central african rep.
chad
chile
china
christmas island
cocos (keeling) is.
colombia
comoros
congo, dem. rep. of
congo, people's rep. of
cook islands
costa rica
cote d'ivoire
croatia (hrvatska)
cuba
cyprus
czech republic
denmark
djibouti
dominica
dominican republic
east timor
ecuador
egypt
el salvador
equatorial guinea
eritrea
estonia
ethiopia
falkland is. (malvinas)
faroe islands
fiji
finland
france
france, metropolitan
french guiana
french polynesia
french southern terr.
gabon
gambia
georgia
germany
ghana
gibraltar
greece
greenland
grenada
guadeloupe
guam
guatemala
guernsey
guinea
guinea-bissau
guyana
haiti
heard & mc donald is.
honduras
hong kong
hungary
iceland
india
indonesia
iran (islamic rep. of)
iraq
ireland
isle of man
israel
italy
jamaica
japan
jersey
jordan
kazakhstan
kenya
kiribati
korea, dem. people's rep.
korea, rep. of
kuwait
kyrgyzstan
lao people's dem. rep.
latvia
lebanon
lesotho
liberia
libyan arab jamahiriya
liechtenstein
lithuania
luxembourg
macao
macedonia
madagascar
malawi
malaysia
maldives
mali
malta
marshall islands
martinique
mauritania
mauritius
mayotte
mexico
micronesia
moldova, rep. of
monaco
mongolia
montenegro
montserrat
morocco
mozambique
myanmar
namibia
nauru
nepal
netherlands
netherlands antilles
new caledonia
new zealand
nicaragua
niger
nigeria
niue
norfolk island
northern mariana is.
norway
oman
pakistan
palau
palestinian terr.
panama
papua new guinea
paraguay
peru
philippines
pitcairn
poland
portugal
puerto rico
qatar
reunion
romania
russian federation
rwanda
s. georgia & sandwich is.
samoa
san marino
sao tome & principe
saudi arabia
senegal
serbia
serbia and montenegro
seychelles
sierra leone
singapore
slovakia (slovak rep.)
slovenia
solomon islands
somalia
south africa
spain
sri lanka
st. barthelemy
st. helena
st. kitts & nevis
st. lucia
st. martin
st. pierre & miquelon
st. vincent & grenadines
sudan
suriname
svalbard & jan mayen is.
swaziland
sweden
switzerland
syrian arab rep.
taiwan
tajikistan
tanzania, united rep. of
thailand
togo
tokelau
tonga
trinidad & tobago
tunisia
turkey
turkmenistan
turks & caicos is.
tuvalu
u.s. minor outlying is.
uganda
ukraine
united arab emirates
united kingdom
uruguay
uzbekistan
vanuatu
vatican city state
venezuela
viet nam
virgin islands (british)
virgin islands (u.s.)
wallis & futuna is.
western sahara
yemen
yugoslavia
zambia
zimbabwe









address line 1 *
 









address line 2
 









city *
 









state *
 









zip code *
 









daytime phone *
 









evening phone *
 





 








voluntary self-identification information






completion of this information is voluntary and is not a requirement.  this information will in no way affect the decision regarding your application.  this information will be kept confidential.


eeo*
 
"eeo is the law" poster     "eeo es la ley" cartel     why are we asking?why am i being asked for my gender, race and ethnicity?we are obliged to file this information periodically with various government agencies for statistical reports.how will this information be used?entering this information is voluntary. this information will not affect the decision regarding your application for employment, and it will be kept confidential."eeo is the law" supplementsuplemento del documento "eeo es la ley"pay transparency policy statement





      gender
 

choose gender
male
female







 i decline to identify my race & ethnicity









      ethnicity
 

hispanic or latino
not hispanic or latino




      race         select one or more values
 



american indian or alaska native



asian



black or african american



native hawaiian or other pacific islander



white



two or more races
















 
protected veteran status*



 
if this employer is not a federal contractor or subcontractor, they are not required to report on applicant protected veteran status. click the why are we asking? link for more information.



 
 
 
why are we asking?why are we asking?if this employer is a federal contractor subject to the vietnam era veterans' readjustment assistance act (vevraa) of 1974, as amended by the jobs for veterans act of 2002, 38 u.s.c. 4212 (vevraaa), it is required to take affirmative action to employ and advance in employment: (1) disabled veterans; (2) recently separated veterans; (3) active duty wartime or campaign badge veterans; and (4) armed forces service medal veterans.how will this information be used?if this employer is a government contractor subject to vevraa, this information will be used to measure the effectiveness of its outreach and positive recruitment efforts it undertakes pursuant to vevraa. this information is being requested on a voluntary basis and will be kept confidential as required by law. refusal to provide the requested information will not subject you to any adverse treatment. if provided, this information will not be used in a manner inconsistent with vevraa.     what is a protected veteran?disabled veteran:(a) a veteran of the u.s. military, ground, naval, or air service entitled to compensation (or who but for the receipt of military retired pay would be entitled to compensation) under laws administered by the secretary of veterans affairs; or (b) a person discharged or released from active duty because of a service-connected disability.recently separated veteran:any veteran during the three-year period beginning on the date of such veteran''s discharge or release from active duty in the u.s. military, ground, naval, or air service.active duty wartime or campaign badge veteran:a veteran who served on active duty in the u.s. military, ground, naval, or air service during a war, or in a campaign or expedition for which a campaign badge has been authorized under the laws administered by the department of defense.armed forces service medal veterans: a veteran who, while serving on active duty in the u.s. military, ground, naval, or air service, participated in a united states military operation for which an armed forces service medal was awarded pursuant to the executive order 12985.



 

i identify as one or more of the classifications of protected veteran.
i am not a protected veteran.
i decline to self-identify.






 
section 503 disability status*



 
if this employer is not a federal contractor or subcontractor, they are not required to report on applicant section 503 disability status.



 
invitation to self-identify as an individual with a disability


 
invitation to self-identify as an individual with a disability (spanish)


 
 i have read the above invitation to self-identify as an individual with a disability.







 

yes, i have a disability (or previously had a disability).
no, i don't have a disability.
i don't wish to answer.
















 
notice*



 
under maryland law an employer may not require or demand as a condition of employment, prospective employment or continued employment, that an individual submit to or take a lie detector or similar test.  an employer who violates this provision is guilty of a misdemeanor and subject to a fine not exceeding $100.it is unlawful in massachusetts to require or administer a lie detector test as a condition of employment or continued employment.  an employer who violates this law shall be subject to criminal penalties and civil liability.



 
 i have read the above lie detector test notice










* required fields





 






 
 

 
 


 
 










