



data visualization specialist (ui/ux)















































honeywell careers





chinese (simplified)
czech (czech republic)
dutch (the netherlands)
english (us)
french (canada)
french (france)
german (germany)
portuguese (brazil)
spanish (spain)
create a profile|log in







 











yes
no


















show details













apply now

terms of use





                    refer job:
                        









 add to saved jobs






back




data visualization specialist (ui/ux)
join a team recognized for leadership, innovation and diversity
honeywell international is a $40 billion diversified fortune 100 leader with more than 130,000 employees in 100 countries around the world.  we invent and manufacture technologies that address some of the world’s toughest challenges linked to global macro trends like energy efficiency, clean energy generation, safety and security, globalization, and customer productivity. we are building a world that’s safer and more secure, more comfortable and energy efficient, more innovative and productive.  identify and propose technical improvements using your software engineeringknowledge and principalsaccelerate innovation and growth, teaming with the world's most talentedengineerswe invite you to discover for yourself why a career with honeywell is theopportunity you've been looking for 



20
develop compelling visual stories to effectively 


20
communicate meaningful insights from large data sets


20
build, maintain, and support rich and interactive graphical representations of data (reports, dashbo


20
present data in an intuitive easy to understand format


20
help answer complex analytical questions through graphical representations



you must have:bachelor’s degree in computer science we value:expert in tableau, power bi, or another equivalent data visualization tool. knowledge of relational databases and database design (oracle, hadoop, mysql)analytical capabilities strong web development skills (html, css, javascript, .net, php, linux)strong communication skills with the ability to share knowledge and teach others·         advanced javascript with experience in d3, jquery, or other animated/complex charting libraries & toolssitecore cms development experience experience with graphic design (create graphics, mockups, design documents) 

due to us export control laws, must be a us citizen, permanent resident or have protected status.

exempt

careers at honeywell - engineering
includes

rotating shift
some travel required
continued professional development

additional information
job id: hrd12779 category: engineering location: usa 
honeywell is an equal opportunity employer. qualified applicants will be considered without regard to age, race, creed, color, national origin, ancestry, marital status, affectional or sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability, nationality, sex, or veteran status.







send to a friend










  
                                    please wait...






email this job ad to your friend(s) by adding their email address(es) along with your details to the field below:   *separate each recipient email address with a comma.

recipient email address(es):
                                            
                         
                

your first name:
 
                                                                                    
                

your last name:
                                              
                          
                
select which language the email should be sent in.

language:

chinese (simplified)
czech (czech republic)
dutch (the netherlands)
english (us)
french (canada)
french (france)
german (germany)
portuguese (brazil)
spanish (spain)





send


















 










						this job opening is already listed as one of your interests. you cannot add the same job opening to your list of interests more than one time.

to see your list of interests, navigate to the application status tab within my profile
					

























account warning













log in
cancel
ok


















honeywell is an equal opportunity employer. qualified applicants will be considered without regard to age, race, creed, color, national origin, ancestry, marital status, affectional or sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability, nationality, sex, religion, or veteran status.
for more information on applicable equal employment regulations, refer to the  eeo is the law poster . 
please refer to the eeo is the law supplement poster & the pay transparency policy.
if a disability prevents you from applying for a job through our website, request assistance here. no other requests will be acknowledged.
terms & conditions | privacy statement
© 2017 honeywell international inc.









