



logic20/20 careers - senior bi data visualization consultant/developer



























 









                                                    logic20/20 careers                                            







                senior bi data visualization consultant/developer
    
    

                            technology consulting             
                    seattle,
                            washington
                
                        



        apply
    


description

senior bi data visualization consultant/developertechnology consulting seattle, washingtondescriptionthe company  logic20/20 is one of seattle*s fastest growing full service consulting firms. we have two key areas of expertise: business and technology consulting. our core competency is creating simplicity and efficiency where these two business practices intersect. although we make it look like magic, we succeed by combining methodical and structured approaches with our substantial experience to design elegant solutions for even the most intricate challenges. we were founded on the premise that most projects are simply too complex and too difficult for the problem they are trying to solve. our project managers, senior consultants, and software development engineers are always seeking to add value for our clients by utilizing their extensive experience and creativity while grounded in the fundamentals of successful business and technical delivery strategies.  position description  the bi visualization developer will create data visualizations/reports, review functional requirements and assist with functional specifications. they will develop insights into business and data models and will perform data analysis activities to identify relational data issues. the will also review issues teams and will work with smes / it to understand the cause of identified issues.proficient with qlik sense, qlik view, power bi, ms excel and/or tableaustrong communication skills with a passion for data visualizationstrong attention detail and ability to work with a variety of clientsdevelop, maintain and continually enhance a strategy around qlikview data (qvd) filesresponsible for management of applications, extensions, widget libraries and user account privileges in the qmc (qlik management console).develop a strong understanding of the business and its systems to support the customer's strategic objectivesprovide evaluations and recommendations of qlik sense software and hardware upgrades, additions or interfaces.the selected candidate must have excellent written, oral and interpersonal communication skills. the individual must be capable of working in a fast paced, agile environment.experience designing, developing, and implementing qlik sense dashboardsknowledge of database design techniques and advanced sql skillsstrong data reporting and visualization experienceproven skills in business intelligence analysisprior experience working in a team environmentability to coach and mentor other consultants as well as clients on data dictionary and qlik sense reportingcompensation & benefits  we offer competitive compensation, medical, dental, vision and basic life insurance. the data analyst will be a full-time, salaried employee who will accrue company holidays and annual paid time off. one of the most important benefits is the opportunity to work in an incredibly exciting and rapidly growing firm. the best part is that we are a group of highly dedicated and competent professionals that deliver results and have fun along the way. principals only, please.  




        apply
    

        apply later    


            ← back to current openings        




share





linkedin




facebook




twitter




email






similar jobs





                                    {{ job.title }}
                                












powered by jobvite









