

astronautics careers




























 












employment opportunitieslocationscompanyabout usbenefitscareer center




 

update your profilecreate a job agentupdate job agentrecruiting agency login
  



your user session will timeout in 5 minutes.  please click ok to continue with your application.

















					software engineer intern (phx)
				


						tracking code
					

						2015628 
					

						job description
					

the software engineer intern will support software engineers in the development, verification, and maintenance of software in primary flight, engine, and multifunction displays as well as in-flight computing devices including network servers, mission and display processors, data concentrator units, and flight controls.  the software engineer intern will work under the supervision of software engineering managers and other experienced software engineers and will engage in all phases of software development. 
 
responsibilities includes:

participate in software development activities including requirement specification, design definition, and code implementation.
perform software verification activities including test definition, test execution, and review of software lifecycle artifacts.
integrate and debug executable code on avionics hardware platforms.
generate software lifecycle documentation in support of the pursuit of formal certification of avionics software with the faa and foreign certification authorities.

 
required qualifications:

working knowledge of software concepts, practices & procedures.
ability to work effectively in a team environment.
experience in software debugging and troubleshooting.
capable of working independently with limited oversight from senior engineers.
strong verbal and written communication skills required.
good programming skills in c/c++ required.
experience with python scripting preferred.
fluent in the use of microsoft office tools.
must be a us citizen or be a us permanent residence card holder.
sophomore/junior/senior standing majoring in bs program in computer science, software engineering, or electrical engineering required.
similar standing in bs program in another engineering discipline, mathematics or physical sciences considered.
must be available to work 40 hours per week during summer break.
possible part-time internship work during the school year (15-20 hrs/wk).



						job location
					

						phoenix, arizona, united states
					

						position type
					

						intern
					





							apply
						











								share
							






















					return to job listings
				









 
 

copyright 2017 astronautics corporation of america | all rights reserved.















