







software engineer - big data - orion health careers





























home


jobs search


talent community


life at orion health

 grads/interns





                login / sign up
            

 



























software engineer - big data









                            scottsdale
                            ,                             united states
                        






                            closes: 30-dec-2017
                        






                            development
                        





email this job





share this job

facebook
linkedin
twitter
google plus
send to a friend






apply



 job no. # 2232




  the orion health success story: orion health is a global company that develops software to drive efficiency in healthcare and improve healthcare outcomes. we deliver award winning technology solutions for interoperability, population health management and precision medicine that is utilized by leading health organizations worldwide. while our head office is based in auckland, new zealand, our teams can be found in 24 offices across 15 countries with north america headquarters in scottsdale, az. today our healthcare information technology solutions are implemented in more than 30 countries and used to facilitate healthcare for more than 100 million patients.   about the role: a software engineer at orion health contributes to the development of high performing, cross-functional teams and their peers. they have a breadth and depth of knowledge across the application stack and an in-depth understanding of development tools and techniques that is recognized by their peers. they are a growing expert in their field whose experience, emerging leadership and great communication skills make them a valuable asset to the business and a role model for others in fulfilling orion health's purpose - to revolutionize global healthcare by optimizing the algorithms of life.   what you’ll do: ·       work on emerging big data technologies (apache spark, elastic search, cassandra, scala, java). ·       write amazing code to solve business problems in innovative ways. ·       make recommendations on new tools and technologies to build new software and improve existing software ·       take a lead role and work collaboratively with our internal teams and product owner on design, development, and delivery of our business solutions ·       tackle complex infrastructure challenges with creative automation and configuration management solutions; help improve, expand the coverage of deployment automation. ·       tackle complex infrastructure challenges with creative automation and configuration management solutions; help improve, expand the coverage of deployment automation. ·       create effective technical documentation ·       knowledge in healthcare domain & public health is a bonus ·       work on fast iteration cycles and tight deadlines using an agile/scrum methodology   about you: as the ideal candidate, you: ·       have an in-depth understanding of development tools and techniques. identify and apply software related patterns. ·       deal with project situations by considering commercial implications, standards, legislation and relevant solutions from experience. ·       are self-organizing within a clear framework of accountability. exercise substantial personal responsibility and autonomy. ·       are a growing expert in their field whose experience, emerging leadership and great communication skills make you a valuable asset to any business and a role model for team mates. ·       establish and maintain positive and professional relationships through accurate, timely and clear communication to people leaders, colleagues, teams and customers. ·       are comfortable working in aws and understand the unique performance and operational characteristics of applications that run there. ·       exhibit high personal commitment to quality, implementing development and test best practices. ·       are well-versed in one or more agile software development life cycle methodologies with emphasis on scrum, kanban, lean. essential education:  bachelors degree in computer science, information science, software engineering or equivalent.   core skills: ·       3-5+ years software development experience - programming in relevant technologies like java, scala, java script ·       exposure to big data technologies – apache spark, elastic search, cassandra or similar ·       solid experience with amazon web services & continuous integration tools ·       knowledge in healthcare domain & public health is a bonus ·       experience with sql and/or no sql databases   we recruit quality and retain talent!  in addition to a structured onboarding program and professional development opportunities, we offer a competitive benefits package, including: ·       competitive salary and incentive packages ·       20 days of annual vacation leave ·       5 days of annual sick leave  ·       90% medical, dental & vision premium paid by orion health  ·       401k program with per paycheck match; life insurance, short-term, and long-term disability paid for by the company ·       high-end hardware to work with ·       flexible, social and professional company culture ·       learning and career growth prospects   background checks will be required an offer of employment. reasonable accommodations will be made upon request to assist those candidates with disabilities during the interview process.   orion health is an equal opportunity employer all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, veteran or disability status, sexual preference or national origin  



apply

                    
                     < back to job search








find out more orionhealth.com
copyright© 2017. orion health group of companies. all rights reserved.








terms and conditions
privacy policy
sitemap











