



sr data scientist















































honeywell careers





chinese (simplified)
czech (czech republic)
dutch (the netherlands)
english (us)
french (canada)
french (france)
german (germany)
portuguese (brazil)
spanish (spain)
create a profile|log in







 











yes
no


















show details













apply now

terms of use





                    refer job:
                        









 add to saved jobs






back




sr data scientist
join a team recognized for leadership, innovation and diversity
do you passionately pursue the stories hidden in a large repository of data? do you relish working with customers to identify their high value business questions and working through their data to search for answers? do you enjoy telling a meaningful story with data? if your answer is yes, honeywell has an intriguing opportunity for you as data scientist. you will be responsible for working within honeywell aerospace to identify opportunities for new growth and efficiency based on data analysis. the data scientist role will work closely with analytics solution managers, data engineers and application architects to integrate results into operational platforms, including hadoop and nosql architectures. you will be a member of a team that delivers contemporary analytics solutions for all honeywell aerospace enterprises and functions. you will be executing data science driven projects as we build out capabilities and our architecture.ability to travel – up to 10%. higher percentage (up to 25%) preferred but not required.



50
executing data science driven projects 


50
integrate results into operational platforms















you must have
bachelor’s degree in predictive analytics, applied mathematics, applied statistics, computer science, actuarial science, business analytics, business intelligence & analytics, economics, marketing analytics, mathematics, or an mba with technical undergrad, operations research, or quantitative finance 

we value
masters or ph.d. degree
experience with modeling/development software (sas or, r, python, spss)
experience in predictive analytics and statistical modeling
knowledge of sas tools (va/vs, enterprise miner) and experience working with large datasets 
experience with project leadership
experience bringing prototypes to production on hadoop and/or nosql platforms
experience with text analytics
aerospace knowledge or experience
experience working with remote and global teams
experience working with manufacturing and integrated supply chain teams
results driven with a positive can do attitude
excellent collaboration and negotiation skills




exempt

how honeywell is connecting the world
includes

continued professional development
1st shift
relocation provided

additional information
job id: hrd9893 category: engineering location: usa 
honeywell is an equal opportunity employer. qualified applicants will be considered without regard to age, race, creed, color, national origin, ancestry, marital status, affectional or sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability, nationality, sex, or veteran status.







send to a friend










  
                                    please wait...






email this job ad to your friend(s) by adding their email address(es) along with your details to the field below:   *separate each recipient email address with a comma.

recipient email address(es):
                                            
                         
                

your first name:
 
                                                                                    
                

your last name:
                                              
                          
                
select which language the email should be sent in.

language:

chinese (simplified)
czech (czech republic)
dutch (the netherlands)
english (us)
french (canada)
french (france)
german (germany)
portuguese (brazil)
spanish (spain)





send


















 










						this job opening is already listed as one of your interests. you cannot add the same job opening to your list of interests more than one time.

to see your list of interests, navigate to the application status tab within my profile
					

























account warning













log in
cancel
ok


















honeywell is an equal opportunity employer. qualified applicants will be considered without regard to age, race, creed, color, national origin, ancestry, marital status, affectional or sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability, nationality, sex, religion, or veteran status.
for more information on applicable equal employment regulations, refer to the  eeo is the law poster . 
please refer to the eeo is the law supplement poster & the pay transparency policy.
if a disability prevents you from applying for a job through our website, request assistance here. no other requests will be acknowledged.
terms & conditions | privacy statement
© 2017 honeywell international inc.









