



job application for senior software engineer at homelight






















          apply now
        
senior software engineer

        at homelight
      

        phoenix, az
      


homelight is changing the face of real estate one homeowner at a time. we empower consumers to use real agent performance data to make a more informed choice on the biggest financial decision of their lives. our proprietary, machine learning algorithms analyze over 30 million transactions from 2 million agents to determine the best agents to meet clients' specific home buying or selling needs. 
we’ve raised $55 million in funding, and our most recent $40 million series b round was led by menlo ventures. with the support of menlo and other top vc’s like google ventures, we are expanding our lean, versatile engineering team.
what you’ll do here:
at homelight, you will take an innovative approach to creating new products, while improving upon our core products. our lean team of eight engineers currently rotate across product lines, allowing for versatility and a holistic understanding of our business. as we scale, you will have the opportunity to own a product vertical. some of the projects you may work on:

build new web applications and add features and functionality to our core applications that go directly into the hands of users home buyers, sellers, and agents around the nation.
fuel our growth engine by pulling data from disparate sources, ingesting it, and making recommendations.
decompose our core application where appropriate into smaller services using the best technologies for the problem at hand.
design and refactor our databases to support our current and future products and growth.
build out our communications infrastructure including telephony, messaging, chat, etc.

you have:

full-stack, professional web development experience. more is better.
experience with one or more language: ruby, python, java, javascript, go.
experience with one or more sql databases: postgresql, mysql, sql server.
experience with one or more web frameworks: rails, django, spring. 
experience with one or more front-end frameworks: react, ember, backbone, etc.

bonus points for:

expertise with ruby on rails.
experience working on a small team, ideally at a startup.
familiarity with web analytics, a/b testing, and agile development methods.
familiarity with the amazon aws ecosystem and heroku platform.

the perks

medical, vision, dental, and paternity/maternity benefits.
401(k)
commuter benefits
flexible time off policy
catered lunches and snacks
corporate gym membership
company events: happy hours, bowling, bocce league, etc.








apply for this job

* required
        


first name *



last name *



email *



phone *



resume/cv *


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 














cover letter


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 

















linkedin profile
    





website
    











 



share this job:    













powered by 

 
      read our privacy policy
















