



sr. lamp stack developer (temp to hire) remote opportunity | inseego north america















log in




register




jobs









sr. lamp stack developer (temp to hire) remote opportunity



email









tweet




location: phoenix, arizona


date posted: 11-16-2017







this position requires us citizenship due to government contracts.

for candidates outside of eugene, oregon we will consider remote candidates!  however, candidates willing to relocate will be given first priority. 

position overview:
the software developer iii plays a senior role in the architecture, design, development, and testing of software solutions and systems. leading a team of developers, the software developer iii uses creativity with scripting languages such as php to create websites and applications for customers. the software developer iii is involved at all stages of the development cycle from conception of the desired software through the final activities that result in software products and systems.
 
duties/responsibilities:

design, develop and modify software systems, using scientific analysis and mathematical models to predict and measure outcome and consequences of design.
develop and direct software system testing and validation procedures, programming, and documentation.
develop specific goals and plans to prioritize, organize, and accomplish work of self and others working within primarily in an agile development environment. 
confer with systems analysts, engineers, programmers, and others to design system and to obtain information on project limitations and capabilities, performance requirements and interfaces.
analyze user needs and software requirements to determine feasibility of design within time and cost constraints.
integrate applications by designing database architecture and server scripting; studying and establishing connectivity with network systems, search engines, and information servers.
obtain and evaluate information on factors such as reporting formats required, costs, and security needs to determine hardware configuration. 
modify existing software to correct errors, allow it to adapt to new hardware, or to improve its performance.
exhibit strong interpersonal skills and the ability to facilitate and lead meetings both in person and over the phone. foster a collaborative work environment. 
provide information to supervisors, co-workers, and subordinates by telephone, in written form, e-mail, or in person.

 
other responsibilities:

use computers and computer systems (including hardware and software) to program, write software, set up functions, enter data, or process information.
occasionally consult with customers about software system design and maintenance.
coordinate software system installation and monitor equipment functioning to ensure specifications are met.
keep up-to-date technically and apply new knowledge to the job.


experience/requirements:

minimum 6 years of software development experience using the lamp stack
minimum 2 years’ experience with javascript and jquery
minimum 2-year experience with agile methods such as scrum
proven experience working with teams in a collaborative environment
experience with object oriented development
bs in cs or related field or equivalent experience
experience working as a project lead or in a supervisory position preferred 

 
inseego is an equal opportunity employer.  employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion (including religious dress and grooming), sex/gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, related medical conditions or breastfeeding), gender identity, gender expression, national origin, ancestry, age, physical or mental disability or legally protected medical condition, family care status, military or veteran status, marital status, sexual orientation, genetic information, or any other protected classification under federal, state and local law.
 












apply now




or













powered by 
cats.



