














career opportunities: software support engineer ii (6202) 


























javascript is turned off in your web browser. turn it on to take full advantage of this site, then refresh the page.

loading...














skip to main content












career opportunities: software support engineer ii (6202)




















job requisition id 6202 - posted 07/17/2017 - arizona



 &nbspjob description print preview









	                  apply
	                 
	         	 
              




                  apply using linkedin™
                 
               
              







	                  save job
	                





                  return to list
                







 



job summary   
be a system expert for support of field problems and travel to customer (domestic and international) sites up to 70% when problems can't be resolved by local field service with the ability to fix 80% of the issues. be able to diagnose problems and recommend solutions through phone support to field service personnel and external customers. provide value and team work on engineering core teams for the development of new product introductions. support new product introductions into the field. lead and manage the escalation process/team as the organizations factory escalation owner. help in doing software and hardware configuration and quality assurance for all tools.
education
bachelor's degree in a technical field:  (i.e. engineering, chemistry, computer science) or equivalent technical training.
or
associate's degree in technical field or equivalent technical training, and 5 years fab experience
experience
7 years’ experience in the electronic or semiconductor industry; 2 years’ experience at asm or directly related experience.
skills

ability to handle most customer situations; able to develop action plans present to both asm and customer.
maintain a strong positive attitude with the ability to work in a team environment
have the ability to work responsibly with all asm resources.
be a system expert for support of field problems; travel to customer site when problem can't be resolved and fix the problem 80% of the time.
be skilled in electrical and mechanical techniques and overall equipment system knowledge.
have advanced computer skills.
demonstrate knowledge of asm sop’s.
have a working knowledge of ms word, excel, and powerpoint.
provides input and the ability to write procedures and processes.
provide a customer perspective at software change board meetings.
have hardware knowledge of pc based controllers and single board computers.
have knowledge of devicenet based i/o subsystems.
experience with embedded systems (analog and digital io, data networks, etc.)
have knowledge of secs/gem protocol and associated software (secsim pro, ccs envoy).
have knowledge of serial communication systems and configuring ethernet networks.
have knowledge of windows xp, and window 7 operating systems and network configurations.
programming experience helpful.
knowledge of software development lifecycle and processes
understanding of software configuration management (scm) practices including: branching, merging and versioning
demonstrated ability to quickly learn to operate new software control applications and configuration utilities
ability to quickly comprehend mechanical and electrical schematics
excellent system quality assurance methodology
understanding of software and system testing
experienced in control system troubleshooting
ability to understand the “big picture design” and how one change can affect the system
methodical and organized with strong attention to detail
excellent documentation and writing abilities
ability to single independently identify software configuration to hardware configuration incompatibilities prior to delivery
thrives in a fast-paced work environment
a multi-tasking, ambitious team player approach is essential
self-driven with the desire to achieve measurable, specific results within tight time frames
the ability to lead projects (electrical, mechanical, testing) and pull the requirements, resources to achieve project goals.
excellent control system troubleshooting, system technical testing, and system quality assurance methodology.
quickly comprehend new engineering designs (mechanical, electrical and software)
ability to analyze an engineering design and create a comprehensive system quality assurance plan comprised of multiple error scenarios.
excellent oral and written communications skills.
good business and organizational skills.
thorough knowledge of software development methods, software testing criteria and test case development.
in-depth knowledge of pc-based computer word processing, database and spreadsheet applications.
ability to quickly understand the “big picture design” and how one change can affect the system and be proactive in mitigating issues both internal and external to the platform team.
push “quality” by advocating for process improvements and business process changes.
a multi-tasking, ambitious team player approach is essential.







 









	                  apply
	                 
	           	
              




                  apply using linkedin™
                 
              
              







	                  save job
	                





                  return to list
                






















email this job to a friend





 








 


 



the job has been sent to
          


 



please provide the information below



job title:
        




*your email address:
        




*your friend's email address:
        



message:
        
         






verification code:
        





*please enter the verification code here:
        














send
            




cancel
            



















