





		software engineer - careers at sorenson media	



























career opportunities with sorenson media
taking tv to new heights.









careers at sorenson media



share with friends or subscribe!





 





current job opportunities are posted here as they become available.
subscribe to our rss feeds to receive instant updates as new positions become available.







		    back to openings		    






software engineer

 department:
engineering	
 location:
draper, ut, united states

start your application
we are looking for someone who enjoys interesting challenges and someone who is a team player looking to succeed as a team. a software engineer seeking excellence to contribute to the design and development of a varied and sophisticated application—the key in a system to ingest, process, store, and deliver large amounts of data.
our team is a high-functioning, agile team strictly adhering to the scrum process. we are self-organized and peer-based. we prioritize technical debt, technical improvements, and bugs—not just features. we highly value testing. we work on concise stories with unambiguous acceptance criteria.  our executives understand the impact of mid-sprint interruptions and allow us to focus on producing world-class technical solutions.
you will be collaborating closely with data engineers and video engineers to ensure that the system satisfies requirements and is robust and scalable.  you will have significant influence in deciding which technologies are chosen throughout the system.  we are confident you will find satisfaction working with our team to bring innovative technologies to fruition.
qualifications, experience, and skills:

bachelor’s degree in computer science or equivalent experience preferred
instinctive understanding of object-oriented development
experience developing web services using technologies such as ruby, go, and databases (e.g. mongodb, cassandra, mysql)
various web development technologies such as javascript (e.g. jquery, polymer, marionette, ember.js), html5, and css3
solid understanding of automated testing and extensive experience with testing frameworks
passionate about solving complex, technical challenges
dependable
motivated self-starter
work well with others in a team environment
strong communication skills (oral and written)

desired experience and skills:

c++
cloud experience, especially amazon aws
navigate the linux command line and performing essential web server administration tasks
agile scrum development experience
experience working with continuous integration tools
experience and passion working with audio/video
experience with docker or similar configuration management system (such as puppet)

what we offer: 

amazing work-life balance:

15 vacation days annually + sick time **unlimited time-off starting 2018**
flexible work schedules
12 annual company holidays

employee-focused benefits:

medical, dental, life & disability insurance with 100% employer-paid premiums for employees and family
company contribution to employee hsa
401k company match up to 5%

equity stake options
$250 yearly fitness stipend
generous tuition reimbursement 

start your applicationor 






 visit our home page © 2017 sorenson media 

applicant tracking system powered by 

















