



job application for jr. site reliability engineer  at accela























          apply now
        
jr. site reliability engineer 

        at accela
      
(view all jobs)

        salt lake city, ut
      


who is accela:
accela is an industry-leading cloud/web/mobile based software company that was recently honored with the ‘great place to work’ certification and is one of the leading govtech 100 companies. 
for more than 15 years, accela has been the industry leader in designing and delivering productivity and engagement software solutions to help government agencies to be their best. accela provides a cloud-based saas platform suite of products that help local/state/federal government and civic agencies serve local communities more efficiently and effectively.
accela’s software drives efficiency for over 2,200 governments and is accessible to more than 160 million citizens worldwide. more than 80% of america’s 50 largest cities such as new york, san diego, san francisco, miami, and denver have implemented at least one of accela’s many solutions.
 
why accela:
accela offers employees a culture that emphasizes performance, productivity and collaboration. you can’t help but feel empowered, engaged and motivated when you work with like-minded individuals who are driven and passionate about contributing to a market-leading, high-growth software organization with proven technology. 
while we are busy changing the world, we also strongly believe in having fun and excitement at work, and encourage a collaborative and healthy work-life balance.
if you are motivated by the idea of delivering on the promise of democracy in the digital age and solving for a new era of more efficient, open and innovative governance, then we’d love to hear from you.
 
where you fit:
site reliability engineering (sre) is an alternative approach to the traditional split of it operations and product development teams, pioneered by google. sre is driven by software engineers running cloud operations. our sre mission is to protect and improve the software and systems of accela - with an emphasis on availability, latency, performance, and capacity. it is devops with a software engineering focus.
as with traditional operations groups, we keep important systems up and running despite all sources of disruption. as an sre on the sre team, you will have the opportunity to tackle the complex problems of scale and availability while using your expertise in coding, algorithms, complexity analysis and system design.
 
impact you will make in the role:

design, develop and implement software to improve accela's software system availability, scalability, latency, and efficiency. scale solution to the business need.
lead problem solving for critical services and build automation to prevent future recurrence. drive response automation to all non-critical service conditions to increase productivity through decreased operational load.
drive the creation and adoption of new designs, architectures, standards, guidelines and approaches for software development.
perform full system analysis on software performance in addition to capacity planning, and demand forecasting.
participate in balanced on-call.
conduct operations support including the execution of software releases, production data updates, and utilize system expertise to answer user questions around system function.

 
expertise you will bring in:

1+ years software engineering experience
experience working in a microsoft environment
experience working in a linux environment
experience with software version control
expertise in designing, analyzing and troubleshooting complex systems
familiarity with distributed systems
demonstrated systematic approach to problem solving
use of azure (cli/api)
use of aws (cli/api)
competency in infrastructure as code tools such as terraform or salt stack
competency in using configuration management tools such as ansible, salt, chef, puppet
knowledge of scripting languages such as bash, python, ruby or go.

 
bonus qualifications:

experience in monitoring, trending, and logging tools
experience in cloud infrastructure and tooling
experience in developing an automated ci/cd pipeline
powershell experience.

 
benefits and perks:
beyond a stellar work environment, great people and inspiring, innovative work, we have some great benefits and perks:

competitive salaries
401(k) with company match
medical, dental and vision coverage for you and your family, along with other wellness and disability plans
11 paid holidays and a competitive and flexible paid time off policy
catered lunches, fully stocked kitchens, walking trails and nearby access to restaurants, food trucks and farmer’s markets in some of our locations

 
accela is an equal opportunity employer/affirmative action employer  
all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, sex, color, religion, national origin, protected veteran status, or on the basis of disability, gender identity, and sexual orientation.
 







apply for this job

* required
        











(optional)

almost there! review your information then click 'submit application' to apply.



first name *



last name *



email *



phone



resume/cv *


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 














cover letter


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 

















linkedin profile
    





website
    





how did you hear about this job?
    







u.s. equal opportunity employment information (completion is voluntary)


  individuals seeking employment at accela are considered without regards
  to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical
  or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation. you are
  being given the opportunity to provide the following information in order to help us
  comply with federal and state equal employment opportunity/affirmative action record
  keeping, reporting, and other legal requirements.


  completion of the form is entirely voluntary. whatever your decision,
  it will not be considered in the hiring process or thereafter. any information that you
  do provide will be recorded and maintained in a confidential file.


gender
please selectmale
female
decline to self identify


are you hispanic/latino?
please selectyes
no
decline to self identify


please identify your race
please selectamerican indian or alaskan native
asian
black or african american
hispanic or latino
white
native hawaiian or other pacific islander
two or more races
decline to self identify


      race & ethnicity definitions


  if you believe you belong to any of the categories of protected veterans listed below,
  please indicate by making the appropriate selection.  as a government contractor
  subject to vietnam era veterans readjustment assistance act (vevraa), we request this
  information in order to measure the effectiveness of the outreach and positive
  recruitment efforts we undertake pursuant to vevraa. classification of protected
  categories is as follows:


  a "disabled veteran" is one of the following: a veteran of the u.s. military, ground,
  naval or air service who is entitled to compensation (or who but for the receipt of
  military retired pay would be entitled to compensation) under laws administered by the
  secretary of veterans affairs; or a person who was discharged or released from active
  duty because of a service-connected disability.


  a "recently separated veteran" means any veteran during the three-year period beginning
  on the date of such veteran's discharge or release from active duty in the u.s.
  military, ground, naval, or air service.


  an "active duty wartime or campaign badge veteran" means a veteran who served on active
  duty in the u.s. military, ground, naval or air service during a war, or in a campaign
  or expedition for which a campaign badge has been authorized under the laws
  administered by the department of defense.


  an "armed forces service medal veteran" means a veteran who, while serving on active
  duty in the u.s. military, ground, naval or air service, participated in a united
  states military operation for which an armed forces service medal was awarded pursuant
  to executive order 12985.


veteran status
please selecti am not a protected veteran
i identify as one or more of the classifications of a protected veteran
i don't wish to answer



form cc-305
omb control number 1250-0005
expires 1/31/2020

voluntary self-identification of disability
why are you being asked to complete this form?

  because we do business with the government, we must reach out to, hire, and provide
  equal opportunity to qualified people with disabilities1.  to help us
  measure how well we are doing, we are asking you to tell us if you have a disability or
  if you ever had a disability.  completing this form is voluntary, but we hope that you
  will choose to fill it out.  if you are applying for a job, any answer you give will be
  kept private and will not be used against you in any way.


  if you already work for us, your answer will not be used against you in any way.
  because a person may become disabled at any time, we are required to ask all of our
  employees to update their information every five years.  you may voluntarily
  self-identify as having a disability on this form without fear of any punishment
  because you did not identify as having a disability earlier.

how do i know if i have a disability?

  you are considered to have a disability if you have a physical or mental impairment or
  medical condition that substantially limits a major life activity, or if you have a
  history or record of such an impairment or medical condition.

disabilities include, but are not limited to:

blindness
deafness
cancer
diabetes
epilepsy
autism
cerebral palsy
hiv/aids
schizophrenia
muscular dystrophy
bipolar disorder
major depression
multiple sclerosis (ms)
missing limbs or partially missing limbs
post-traumatic stress disorder (ptsd)
obsessive compulsive disorder
impairments requiring the use of a wheelchair
intellectual disability (previously called mental retardation)


disability status
please selectyes, i have a disability (or previously had a disability)
no, i don't have a disability
i don't wish to answer

reasonable accommodation notice

  federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified
  individuals with disabilities. please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation
  to apply for a job or to perform your job.  examples of reasonable accommodation
  include making a change to the application process or work procedures, providing
  documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using
  specialized equipment.


1section 503 of the rehabilitation act of 1973, as amended.  for more
  information about this form or the equal employment obligations of federal contractors,
  visit the u.s. department of labor's office of federal contract compliance programs
  (ofccp) website at www.dol.gov/ofccp.


  public burden statement:  according to the paperwork reduction act of 1995 no persons
  are required to respond to a collection of information unless such collection displays
  a valid omb control number. this survey should take about 5 minutes to complete.








 



share this job:    













powered by 

 
      read our privacy policy
















