pluralsight analytics etl engineer | smartrecruiters

analytics etl engineerfarmington, utfull-timecompany descriptionpluralsight proudly creates the creators of tomorrow: the people who develop the technology that lifts the human condition. we do this through the tech industry's leading learning platform for serious developer, it and creative professionals. our team of 700+ innovators and disruptors are serving over 1m users in 150+ countries to conquer the tech skills gap.job descriptionthe pluralsight data team organizes itself around the notion of “making big data small.” our data platform team builds and maintains a platform on top of kafka, spark, and hadoop in order to work with huge amounts of data each and every day.our analytics engineering team builds and maintains a secure, scalable, flexible and user-friendly analytics hub that allows us to make informed and data-driven decisions. they also construct and curate business critical data sets that allow us to realize the value of all the data we collect. analytics etl engineers are the bridge between these two groups.an analytics etl engineer utilizes a multidisciplinary approach to providing etl solutions for the business, combining technical, analytical, and domain knowledge. the perfect applicant for this role has strong programming skills, the ability to transform and profile data to determine risks associated with proposed analytics solutions, a willingness to continually interface with analysts in order to determine an optimal approach, and an eagerness to explore data sources to understand the availability, utility, and integrity of our data.you will accomplish this by:transforming collected data into an accessible and curated state for analytics engineers, solutions engineers, data scientists and other analystscollecting, processing and cleansing data from a variety of sources building python applications to collect data from apisleveraging a variety of tools for scalable analytics solutions, such as spark, hadoop, tableauproviding guidance on successfully leveraging tools to ensure the curation of datasets that meet the needs of the businesscreating source-to-target maps and assist in the creation of reference documents and data dictionariesassisting in data warehousing, data analytics, and data science effortsworking with other developers and data engineers to evolve the culture of using data for decision makingyou’d be a great fit if your current track record looks like this:5 years of progressive experience in analyticsexperience developing etl jobs in pythonexperience writing and maintaining complex sql statementsexperience with data management platforms (e.g. hadoop, postgresql, bigquery, cassandra)fluency with data acquisition and quality tools and relational database platformsstrong capability to manipulate and analyze complex, high-volume data from a variety of sourceseffective communication skills with technical team members as well as business partners. able to distill complex ideas into straightforward languageability to problem solve independently and prioritize work based on anticipated business valueand these would be nice to have, as well:big data development experience (e.g. spark, hive, impala, kafka)expertise in data modelingexperience working with data scientists leveraging hadoopexperience solving analytical business problems using dataworking at pluralsightwe're committed to a values-driven culture here at pluralsight and our mission inspires everything we do:creating progress through technology that lifts the human condition. this is our north star — it's the why and how behind all of our decisions. since our start in 2004, we’ve chosen to grow in a way that will make our mission a reality. we’ve raised over $190 million in funding and acquired five awesome startups (peepcode, trainsignal, tekpub, digital tutors, & code school) that have grown our platform in immense ways. we're growing quickly and we're looking for people who are passionate about making a serious impact on technology -- and the world. we invite you to help us create the future while doing the best work of your life.need more inspiration? take a look at what others are saying on glassdoor and on social media at #wearepluralsight. check out our awards as well, or find who you know on linkedin that works at pluralsight and learn what drives their desire to make the world a better place. and it’s okay to be curious about our benefits- they’re one great example of our purpose-driven people programs that enable our teams to do amazing work.additional informationbe yourself. pluralsight is an equal opportunity employer. all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status.i'm interestedi'm interestedrefer a friendposted byliz wrenshare this jobpowered by