


careers | exact sciences |software engineer
















































please enable cookies to continue
please enable cookies in your browser to experience all the personalized features of this site, including the ability to apply for a job.







welcome page







returning candidate?

log back in!












software engineer


job locations

us-ut-salt lake city | us-ut-salt lake city





req no.

2017-2020


category

it


type

regular full-time









summary of major responsibilities






a software engineer (se) will work with exact sciences other software engineers and testers to design and develop software solutions that the enable business. the se will work alongside other engineers and, testers, and laboratory technicians in an agile, collaborative, and supportive environment.








essential duties and responsibilities






ensure delivery of highest quality software projects on time and on budgetthey have to take reports from the team on the work that is done and provide help if requiredconceptualize new software for exact sciences with an eye on future needsmaintain confidentiality and software compliance standards including system security and data assurancecreate flowcharts, diagrams, and other documentation as needed to capture system requirements and communicate system functionality.use programming languages such as c, c++, java, javascript, python, sql, pl/sql, .net, google web toolkitcoordinate the construction and maintenance of computer systems.design r&d prototypingwork collaboratively in cross-functional teamsdemonstrated professional written and verbal communication skills#li-ke1








qualifications






minimum requirements college diploma in cs/engineering/sciences or equivalent experience1-5 years of experience working on programming teams using modern technologies physical requirementsability to work in an office setting, operate telephony devices, and a computer.desired characteristicsexperience in molecular biology, genomics, translational science, and personalized medicine enthusiastic and joyful









exact sciences is an equal employment opportunity employer. all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, color, creed, disability, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex, sexual orientation, and any other status protected by applicable local, state or federal law. the company’s affirmative action program is available to any applicant or employee for inspection upon request. 





options

apply for this job onlineapplyshareemail this job to a friendrefer


sorry the share function is not working properly at this moment. please refresh the page and try again later.

share on your newsfeed




socialize this job opportunity to a friend, colleague, or family member:










application faqssoftware powered by icimswww.icims.com









