











look beyond the ordinary

careers overview













business applications software engineer summer intern - undergrad


location:
draper, ut



description
company overview
at proofpoint, we’re a team of superheroes protecting people, data, and brands from today’s advanced threats and compliance risks. we scout the best people in the business to:

build and enhance our proven security platform
blend innovation and speed in a constantly evolving cloud architecture
analyze new threats and offer deep insight through data-driven intel
collaborate with customers to help solve their toughest security challenges

it is our sole mission to help our allies protect what matters most. that’s why we’re a leader in next-generation cybersecurity—and why more than half of the fortune 100 trust us as a security partner.
become a superhero-in-training
the business applications (bizapps) team develops web-based applications used by our employees. we then partner with our employees to deliver, maintain and support our products. we thrive when our co-workers in sales, finance, operations, quality assurance and engineering are able to use our services as part of their day-to-day work to build and grow our company as we protect our customers.
as an intern on the bizapps team, you will be expected to function as a full member of the team, designing and developing features and functionality. you will work with other software and quality assurance engineers to design and develop features and functionality that will be used throughout the company to accellerate the growth of our security products and services.
your current super-skills

application knowledge of java
experience developing web front-end applications using html, css, javascript (angular, bootstrap, react, d3, etc.)
some experience working with sql and/or no-sql databases
experience developing and working with restful web services
good oral and written communication skills
fast learner and a good multi-tasker

your superhero profile
you have the ability and interest in working full time (40 hours/week) in our draper, ut office. you are currently pursuing an undergraduate degree (2018 new college grads also eligible), and are successfully maintaining an above average gpa, preferably 3.0 or higher. this summer internship is scheduled to run for 15 weeks from may – august 2018.
launch your #lifeatpfpt
as a customer focused and driven-to-win organization with leading edge products, there are many exciting reasons to join the proofpoint team. we believe in hiring the best the brightest and cultivating a culture of collaboration and appreciation. our summer interns are highly valued, and we strive to ensure all interns are provided with a meaningful work experience, as well as projects that are relevant to our interns’ interests. as we continue to grow and expand globally, we understand that hiring the right people and treating them well is key to our success! we are a multi-national company with locations in 10 countries, with each location contributing to proofpoint’s amazing culture!
#li-dnp


















proofpoint is an equal opportunity employer and welcomes applications from all qualified individuals regardless of race, sex, disability, religion/belief, sexual orientation or age.
proofpoint does not accept unsolicited resumes from external recruiters or employment agencies. in the absence of a signed recruitment services agreement, proofpoint will not consider or agree to payment of any recruiter or agency fee. in the event a recruiter or agency submits a resume or candidate without a previously signed agreement, proofpoint explicitly reserves the right to pursue and hire those candidate(s) without any financial obligation to the recruiter or agency.



are you a returning applicant?












previous applicants:


email:





password:





if you do not remember your password click here.




view search results or all job openings


new search








