





software engineer - 84121, ut - mastercontrol jobs









 














home
jobs




software engineer - 84121, ut

toggle navigation








software engineer 

jobslogin 











 01-dec-2017 to 30-jan-2018 (mst) engineering 84121, ut, usa full time 



email me similar jobs email me this job



about mastercontrol
mastercontrol inc. creates software solutions that enable life science and other regulated companies to deliver life-improving products to more people sooner. the mastercontrol business excellence platform (bxp) accelerates roi and increases efficiencies by automating and securely managing critical business processes throughout the entire product lifecycle. more than 1,000 companies worldwide, ranging in size from five employees to tens of thousands, rely on mastercontrol bxp cloud solutions to automate processes for new product development, clinical, regulatory, quality management, supplier management, manufacturing and post-market surveillance. mastercontrol solutions are well-known for being scalable, easy to implement, easy to validate and easy to use. for more information, visit www.mastercontrol.com.
job summary:
the software engineer is responsible for design, development, implementation, and analysis of the company's technical products and systems.  the role performs engineering design evaluations and may develop a range of software products.  the software engineer learns to use professional concepts and company procedures to analyze situations and data to develop complex solutions. the software engineer will work in a dynamic team environment to effectively meet company milestones for new and existing products.
essential duties and responsibilities:
create and maintain software applications
follow development process documents forsoftware creation
create design specifications for eachcomponent created
work with customers and technical support toresolve escalated product issues
train others on new technology and products
research new technologies
other duties as assigned.
knowledge, skills, and abilities:
ability to work in a team environment andadapt to constructive criticism
ability to use objected oriented principles.
experience with development tools such asinstallshield, dreamweaver, eclipse, subversion, and bugzilla preferred.
experience with oracle and /or microsoft sql server preferred.software development lifecycle experience preferred.
minimum requirements:
bachelor's degree in a computer related discipline (computer science, computer engineering, informationsystems, etc) or equivalent work experience. valid work experience includes design and coding with modern software development tools and languages such as: cfml, java, .net, oracle, sql server, html/dhtml/xml/css, javascript, etc.
why work here?

#whyworkanywhereelse
#exceptionalteamculture
mastercontrol is a place where exceptional teams come together to do their best work. hiring exceptional teams, including the best talent in our industry, is a core value of ours.  mastercontrol employees are surrounded by intelligent, motivated individuals every day. we like to call it #thebestteamontheplanet. 
we value every employee and their contribution to what makes mastercontrol successful. we give right back to the employee through a generous benefits package, great flexibility, and continuous opportunities for advancement.
not only do we hire exceptional teams, but we work hard to keep them here by developing and challenging their skillsets, encouraging professional development and growth, and offering a culture that can't be found elsewhere.  which is why we say -  #whyworkanywhereelse?
to put it simply, working at mastercontrol is fun, challenging, and rewarding. from our fitness clubs to our awards programs, from our company parties to our competitive benefits, you can't really go wrong.  mastercontrol could be your next (and last) career move!  
we are growing quickly and always looking for talented individuals to add to #thebestteamontheplanet!
here are some of the benefits mastercontrol employees enjoy:

generous pto package of three weeks, increasing after just three years of employment
competitive compensation with annual merit increase reviews
100% medical premium coverage (yes, you read that right!)
dental/vision plans
401k plan
employer paid life insurance policy ($50k)
great flexibility
wellness programs (every employee gets a fitbit!)

applicants must be currently authorized to work in the united states on a full-time basis. 


mastercontrol
https://mastercontrol.applicantpro.com






apply now
with our quick 3 minute application!



you have javascript disabled on your browser. you will not be able to apply for this position without enabling javascript. if you need assistance with enabling javascript, please click here for assistance.





 

* fields are required




what is your full name?




first name



last name





how can we contact you?


email





phone number



number type

home
cell
work






what is your preferred method of communication?


email
text message






apply for this position
apply for this position
by clicking the button above, i agree to applicantpro's applicant information use policy. 






sign up for job alerts!








share this page







 


 


hiring software maintained by applicantpro - © 2017



refresh




 
 
 
 







go
common questions





























