pluralsight data platform engineer | smartrecruiters

data platform engineersouth jordan, utfull-timecompany descriptionpluralsight proudly creates the creators of tomorrow: the people who develop the technology that lifts the human condition. we do this through the tech industry's leading learning platform for serious developer, it and creative professionals. our team of 700+ innovators serves millions of users across the globe.job descriptionhow would you like to work on building a data platform that is critical to collecting and making available terabytes of data with real time streaming capabilities? what about creating tools to collect all company data to drive the next product innovation? as a data platform team, we are building a platform on top of kafka, spark, and hadoop to work with huge amounts of data each and every day. we are making data available to business departmental analysts and leaders, data analytics engineers, and data scientists across the organization to consume data that will drive the business and customer experience. our company has a big vision for the future and data is the key to help us achieve itthe perfect applicant for this role has strong programming skills, enjoys getting hands on with big data technology, and believes learning and innovation are keys to successyou will accomplish this by:developing robust, scalable production systems in java (or scala a plus)leveraging kafka, spark, and hadoop to build out a strong data platformbuilding connectors and data sources on hadoop and relational database systemscollecting, processing and cleansing data from a variety of sources by building reusable toolsperforming rapid prototyping of experimental solutionsassisting in data warehousing, data analytics, and data science effortsworking with other developers and data engineers to evolve the culture of using data for decision makingqualificationsyou’d be a great fit if your current track record looks like this:experience building production software in java (or scala a plus)experience with data management platforms (e.g. hadoop, postgresql)experience with oop languages, such as java or .netfluency with data acquisition and quality tools and relational database platformsstrong capability to manipulate and analyze complex, high-volume data from a variety of sourceseffective communication skills with technical team members as well as business partners.  able to distill complex ideas into straightforward languageability to problem solve independently and prioritize work based on anticipated business valueand these would be nice to have, as well:hadoop development experience (e.g. spark, hive, impala, kafka)expertise in data modelingexperience working with data scientists leveraging hadoopexperience solving analytical business problems using dataadditional informationbe yourself. pluralsight is an equal opportunity employer. i'm interestedi'm interestedrefer a friendposted bykevin charlesshare this jobpowered by