

















microsoft careers: my job details






skip to main content





































                this site uses cookies for analytics, personalized content and ads. by continuing to browse this site, you agree to this use.
            learn more















 microsoft careers
















sign in


















account central

apply history

help center

job alerts

job watch list

recommended jobs

resumes


















welcome!









if you have an existing microsoft careers account, sign in below. if you are new to the site, create a microsoft careers account by clicking on one of the following:













microsoft


linkedin


google


facebook




cancel










working at microsoft 


benefits and perks


businesses and teams


mission and culture


office locations




students and graduates 


apply


events and webinars


find your recruiter


international opportunities


programs




find a job 


students and graduates


industry professionals




things to do 


create a careers account


explore recommended jobs


locate events and webinars


find your recruiter


review interview tips





working at linkedin
































 research software development engineer 









microsoft works with the world’s best researchers, moving with the current of technology as it rapidly evolves. together we share the motivation to seek innovative solutions to the world’s toughest challenges and improve the lives of people everywhere. microsoft ai and research provides a nurturing environment to support passionate researchers and engineers in ai technology innovation. our business ai group is seeking rsde (research software development engineer) candidates excelling in deep thinking research and fast-paced entrepreneurial execution. the ideal candidates should have strong ability to work with researchers at microsoft to push forward research agendas, being a team player in a collaborative and supportive environment with outstanding programming skills.  &nbsp we are seeking candidates with stellar empirical research skills and engineering backgrounds. applicants should demonstrate depth of knowledge in technical fields such as deep learning, natural language processing and machine learning, as well as strong experience in data processing, experimentation and modeling. responsibilities:  &nbsp  • conduct research and experiments related to natural language processing (nlp). • research, design, implement, and evaluate novel deep learning models for real-world problems.  &nbsp   &nbsp analyze and improve performance of nlp algorithms and deep learning models on large-scale datasets.  &nbsp   &nbsp  implement prototypes of scalable systems in business ai fields.  &nbsp   &nbsp • collaborate closely with team members on developing systems from prototyping to production level. work closely with software engineering teams to drive scalable, real-time implementations. qualifications:• 2+ years experience with programming languages such as python, c++, java or previous software engineering experience.  &nbsp • currently has or is in the process of obtaining a phd degree in computer science, statistics, mathematics, or related technical field.  &nbsp  • published papers in peer-reviewed journals or conferences, or track record of leading projects in industry. • expert natural language processing (nlp) background. strong knowledge of machine learning algorithms.  &nbsp  • experience in leveraging and augmenting deep learning code base and libraries/toolkits to deliver new solutions.  &nbsp  • experience with analysis tools such as r, python or experience working with production machine learning systems.  &nbsp  • should be able to take initiative, but also follow a research/productization plan and work well as part of a team.  &nbsp  • excellent communication skills (written and oral).microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. if you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com









job #






324852
1077545







locations





united states, redmond (wa)






job families





research






teams





ai & research










empower your future.








































apply
when you complete this final step in the application process, your resume will be sent to staffing and you will get an email confirmation of submission. you may be contacted directly be a recuiter if there is a match. 


select resume
the resume you have selected will be used for the below job openings.




edit this resume

create new resume













the resume noted above will be used for applying to the position(s) listed in the table. please make sure that these are the openings you are interested in.
are you ready to proceed with submitting your resume for the above position(s)?





affirmative action information


microsoft is committed to a diverse work environment and this commitment is demonstrated, in part, through its affirmative action program. to assist us in meeting this commitment, we encourage you to complete the below information for our records. this information is solicited from all individuals applying for u.s. - based positions with microsoft, as required by u.s. law. completion of this section is strictly voluntary. declining to provide this information will not result in any adverse treatment of your application for employment. the ethnicity/race categories listed below are defined by the u.s. equal employment opportunity commission.





gender

malefemaledecline to state



race/ethnicity
view definitions
close definitions









what prompted you to apply to microsoft?






























































        to confirm that you are a person and not an automated program, please enter all the characters you see in the image. you can avoid this by signing in.
        


				
            notes:your computer must be able to play audio in wav format. the audio file is intentionally distorted to prevent automated programs from reading it. if the file plays in another program, remember the numbers, return to this page, and then type them in the field.
        
			









play audio































            update contact information?

some of the contact information you just provided is different from what we have in your existing microsoft careers account. do you want us to update your account with the latest information?











            great! updates to your account have been saved.









you need a resume to apply


to apply for this job, you must to submit a resume. 


if you already have a saved resume,
sign in













            the selected job(s) were added to your job watch list
        













feedback





x












get started


explore recommended jobs


search jobs


manage job alerts


manage resumes




life at microsoft


diversity


jobsblog


news center


stories


the fire hose


women at microsoft




tips and tools


apply history


frequently asked questions


help center


interview tips


job watch list




connect with us





































legal
privacy
contact us
©2017 microsoft





















