









        lds | job detail 195259
    



































closeskip main navigationthe church of jesus christ of latter-day saintsemployment opportunitiesworldwide - englishselect countryenglishmy account and wardsign insign outmy accountaccount settingsmy templemy family treenotespatriarchal blessingmy warddirectorycalendardonationsward maptools and supportall toolsmeetinghouse locatorleader and clerk resourceslocations and schedulesmobile applicationsrecreation campshelp centeronline storesite menuscriptures and studyscripturesholy biblebook of mormondoctrine and covenantspearl of great pricestudy helpsabout the scripturesprophetic teachingsgeneral conferenceteachings of presidentsliving prophets and church leaderslearn morejesus christgospel topicschurch historyeducationreligious freedomhelpful resourceslessons and teachingmagazinesmusicachievement programsstudy toolsfamilies and individualseternal familiesdoctrine of the familyhome and familytemplesfamily historyunderstanding life's challengeshope and helpself-relianceemployment and welfareresources foryoung adultsyouthchildrenshare the gospelparticipatehow to share the gospelmormon.orgrefer a friendmissionary broadcastsfull-time missionsprepare for a missionmissionary recommendation formfull-time missionary portalinspiration and newsbe inspiredbroadcastsinspiring mediamusicgeneral conferencemagazinesstay informedchurch newsofficial newsroomupcoming eventssocial mediacountry pagesserve and teachlead and teachlead in the churchlessons and teachingteaching in the savior’s waymedia librarycallingsmelchizedek priesthoodrelief societyaaronic priesthoodyoung womenprimarysunday schoolmissionaryseminaryinstituteall callingsservice opportunitiesvolunteer time and talenthow the church is helpingsearchhide search




search
myjobs
myprofile



help

email us
call us - (801) 240-8080

submit feedback





























you may be trying to access this site from a secured browser on the server. please enable scripts and reload this page.














database engineer 4 (business intelligence) - contingent
        &nbsp
    







united states | 
            ut-riverton


id 195259, type: temporary full-time






posting info

posting dates:
10/27/2017 -
                no closing date


job family:
information technology


department:
information and communication services department





purposes the business intelligence team of the church works with multiple departments to take their data and transform it into information that will allow them to make better decisions.  we work with departments such as temple, publishing services, missionary, finance, and family history in hastening the work of the lord.  this individual works with divine guidance to provide or support technology that furthers the mission of the church and reflects the eternal impact of the gospel. the database engineer i4 s responsible for gathering requirements, design, creation and support of the data warehouse. engineers have the opportunity help the departments of the church have the information they need to move the lord’s work forward.qualifications requires a bachelor’s degree in computer science or related field must be a member of the church of jesus christ of latter-day saints, currently temple worthy typically 7-9 years of data warehouse experience expert sql skills proficiency with etl tools & methodologies proficiency with dimensional data modeling extensive professional experience in data analysis and report design/development experience in presentation/interface creation ability to quickly learn new tools and technology strong problem solving, analytical and diagnostic skills ability to interact well in a team environment excellent documentation and communication skillsresponsibilities gather and document requirement for the data warehouse. design dimensional star schema data models to support front-end bi tools including ad-hoc reporting. create and support etl jobs pulling data from various source systems and loading into the data warehouse. design and create a semantic layer to support end-user self-service. create reports using various reporting tools such as sql server reporting services (ssrs) and businessobjects web intelligence. create dashboards using various tools such as microsoft power bi and tableau. quickly and accurately respond to ad-hoc information requests. analyze data and trends and create reports that highlight areas in need of performance improvement. work with all levels of end users, including executive staff. interact with customers as a technical resource to troubleshoot problems with the delivered bi solutions.worthiness qualificationmust be a member of the church of jesus christ of latter-day saints and currently temple worthy.posting notice/more info.please note: all positions are subject to close without notice. find out more about the many benefits of church employment at http://careers.lds.org. 




apply now





















                    site map
                    
                    
                
                    feedback
                    
                    
                
                    employment
                    
                    
                
                    help
                    
                    
                facebooktwitterinstagrampinterestall church social pagesthe church of jesus christ of latter-day saints
				rights and use information  (updated 9/1/2016)
			
				privacy policy (updated 03/18/2014)
			© 2017 by intellectual reserve, inc. all rights reserved.






























