pluralsight software engineer (full stack node.js) | smartrecruiters

software engineer (full stack node.js)south jordan, utfull-timecompany descriptionpluralsight proudly creates the creators of tomorrow: the people who develop the technology that lifts the human condition. we do this through the tech industry's leading learning platform for serious developer, it and creative professionals. our team of 700+ innovators and disruptors are serving over 1m users in 150+ countries to conquer the tech skills gap. job descriptionways we work:software craftsmanship - we want to be proud of our work. come to utahsc.orgtest-driven development - we take responsibility for our code without qa engineerspair programming - we value collaborative developmentcontinuous delivery - teams independently ship code to prod every daykanban & lean - no more backlog grooming, no more t-shirt size estimatingcontinual improvement - we take time to sharpen the saw and adjust how we workautonomous & responsible teams - making their own product & dev choicescross-functional teams - collaborating through all phases of the product dev processcustomer research - we build what our customers actually wanttrusting leaders - who trust us to create and don’t impose deadlines or featuressolid technology - of the team’s choice, for the right jobwhat we create with:node.js backenddeclarative ui - react, [email protected]functional state management - reduxtdd - mocha, jasmine, avajs modules - es6, cjscss modules - <3single-page apps - stateful clients, client routing, rest/graphqldata visualization - d3, svgaccessibility - semantic markup, aria, a11y auditsoptimized assets - webpack, cdngithub - src control and prsdatabases - postgresql, cassandra, reddismessaging – pub/sub architectureworking at pluralsightwe're committed to a values-driven culture here at pluralsight and our mission inspires everything we do:creating progress through technology that lifts the human condition. this is our north star — it's the why and how behind all of our decisions. since our start in 2004, we’ve chosen to grow in a way that will make our mission a reality. we’ve raised over $190 million in funding and acquired five awesome startups (peepcode, trainsignal, tekpub, digital tutors, & code school) that have grown our platform in immense ways. we're growing quickly and we're looking for people who are passionate about making a serious impact on technology -- and the world. we invite you to help us create the future while doing the best work of your life.need more inspiration? take a look at what others are saying on glassdoor and on social media at #wearepluralsight. check out our awards as well, or find who you know on linkedin that works at pluralsight and learn what drives their desire to make the world a better place. and it’s okay to be curious about our benefits- they’re one great example of our purpose-driven people programs that enable our teams to do amazing work.additional informationbe yourself. pluralsight is an equal opportunity employer. all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status.i'm interestedi'm interestedrefer a friendposted bykara petersonshare this jobpowered by