





associate engineer, r&d-advanced peripheral access job at bd




























skip navigation




menu

usa careers
benefits
diversity & inclusion
learning & development
university relations & recruitment
military job search
news

sign in / register





the difference of one



search our jobs


search our jobs
search our jobs



keyword



location




radius
radius
5 miles
15 miles
25 miles
35 miles
50 miles

search










match jobs with linkedin




at bd becton dickinson & co., you’re one person making one big difference. you’re a key member of a team that is an important part of a leading, purposeful company committed to advancing the world of health. no matter what role you play, you can be confident that you’re improving lives, all over the world. and as you progress with us, your impact will only grow.
medical device/ engineering



associate engineer, r&d-advanced peripheral access
apply now
job id 2017-10878 date posted 12/04/2017
 connect with us! not ready to apply connect with us! overview c.r. bard’s story began with one product in turn-of-the-century new york city. we now encompass the world, including the salt lake city, ut, division: bard access systems. in 1990, our division began as the specialty access group of our sister division, davol, inc, in rhode island. after the acquisition of a small company in salt lake city, the group moved west, made this beautiful mountain valley home, and grew into the successful division that we’re proud to be a part of.our division focuses on developing, manufacturing, and distributing high-quality medical devices used by clinicians throughout the worldwide healthcare industry to access a patient’s vasculature. our devices assist in the delivery of chemotherapy, blood products, antibiotics, and nutrition. summary of position with general responsibilities the advancedperipheralaccess r&d team focuses on vascular access and vascular access issues as it relates to peripheral access catheters. this team develops novel technologies that treat complications and improve performance of vascular access devices.this position assists with engineering activities and performs tasks associated with those activities.the advanced peripheral access team is a collabrative fun team with a great deal of opportunity for learning and growth.advanced peripheral access has one of the fastest growing markets at bard access systems.research and development focusresponsible for concept generation, design, development and evaluation of new products, materials and technologies.may participate in the design of a new product.may assist with the development of design verification and validation studies.executes validation studies on equipment & processes.executes design controls.plans and coordinates engineering test builds.develops and implements manufacturing procedures to provide production with easy to follow assembly instructions. essential job functions the following duties and responsibilities are intended to be representative of the work performed by the incumbent(s) in this position and are not all-inclusive. the omission of a specific duty or responsibility will not preclude it from the position.assist with assignments, be a responsible team member.apply relevant engineering principles.innovation and development of new tech and products to serve the vascularaccess needs of cliniciansinitiates new or revised documentation and tracks through appropriate approval cycles and implementation.maintains a professional working relationship with internal & external customer and support staff.represents function and participates on cross-functional teams.provides technical support on components, material methods, systems, processes, and equipment as applicable.assists in developing physical and functional test requirements to assure specifications and regulations are met.may write and review protocols, reports, and data.conducts testing outlined in protocols and test methods.trains on, understands and follows company procedures and regulatory requirements.analyzes design, process, and test data.prepares and presents oral and written project updates and technical discussions. basic qualifications bachelor’s degree in stem (science, technology, engineering, math).preferred qualifications:candidates with an engineering or science degree in mechanical, biomedical, biomechanical, material science, industrialcandidates that have engineering experience within the medical device or equivalent regulated industry.the incumbent must demonstrate the potential ability to perform the essential functions of the job as outlined in the duties and responsibilities.  additional desirable qualifications skills and knowledge identify tasks and be task oriented; take ownership of task/project.basic technical writing skills.interpersonal skills – working collaboratively, active listening, etc.ability to read drawings.good understanding of associated engineering principles.understanding of basic descriptive statistics.detail and results oriented.basic software application skills.basic problem solving, deductive reasoning, and root cause analysis.ability to collect and analyze data and derive conclusions.ability to make recommendations to reach a solution.ability to complete assigned tasks with supervision.identify tasks and is task oriented. physical demands this position is in an office and laboratory environment and requires the incumbent to sit, stand and perform general office functions. the incumbent may also be required to lift up to twenty five pounds occasionally. the incumbent may be required to stand for extended periods of time. bending, stooping and reaching are also frequently required. work environment the ideal candidate must be able to work in a teamoriented,fast paced environment. bard access systems is an affirmative action, equal opportunity employer that values and actively seeks diversity in the workforce.#li-cs1
apply now






share job

facebook
linkedin
twitter
email




similar job openings nearby


vascular access sales consultant
chicago, illinois
6454107


general production operator
broken bow, nebraska
6454105


shift coordinator 12hr. nights (b shift)
columbus, nebraska
6454108


general production operator
broken bow, nebraska
6454106










why join bd?



become an integral part of a company that makes a difference in human health, saving and improving the lives of people in all corners of the globe.

use your creativity and entrepreneurial spirit to develop innovative solutions and products that can benefit all people around the world.

enjoy an array of very competitive benefits, including choices of medical programs, company-sponsored savings plan, on-site fitness centers at select
locations, tuition reimbursement, and many others that support a healthy lifestyle.

become part of a company that gives significant time, talent and resources to philanthropic and charitable efforts around the world.












join our talent community
sign up to receive information about career opportunities, news and events.

close
email addressareas of interestsearch for a category, location, or category/location pair, select a term from the suggestions, and click "add".categorylocationaddmedical device/ engineering, salt lake city, utah, united statesremoveremoveupload resumeremove

confirm email








sign up


highlights







research and development jobs at becton dickinson
research and development jobs at becton dickinson








procurement jobs at becton dickinson
procurement jobs at becton dickinson








sales jobs at becton dickinson
sales jobs at becton dickinson











facebook
linkedin
youtube
twitter
glassdoor




bd worldwide
contact bd
privacy
terms and conditions
permission request
trademarks
site map
alerts and notices

© 2016 bd. all rights reserved. unless otherwise noted, bd, the bd logo and all other trademarks are property of becton, dickinson and company.













