 









software engineer (java) ut #0327 job at verifi, inc. in salt lake city, ut, powered by jobscore















































your browser cookies must be enabled in order to apply for this job. please contact support@jobscore.com if you need further instruction on how to do that.












software engineer (java) ut
software engineering | salt lake city, ut | full time






job description


we are currently hiring for a dynamic and collaborative software engineer to join our software development team! 
at verifi, you will be part of a dynamic environment that supports interdepartmental collaboration, fuels creativity and provides you with an opportunity to take ownership and play an intricate part in our company’s success.
you will work alongside the brightest and most remarkable individuals in the industry and you will have an immediate impact on our aspirations for global domination and disruption of the payments space.   and you will do all this, while challenging your career, giving back to the community and creating new friendships.
join verifi and you join the leading solution in the ecommerce marketplace for payment and risk management.
you will be responsible:

designing, developing, testing, debugging, and deploying highly-available applications using best of breed open source technologies and high quality code
solving complex performance problems, architectural challenges, and advocating those solutions to peers
working with product owners, developers and operations team to define new features
ad hoc duties as needed

 
you bring to the table:

bs in computer science or similar
desire to work with and share new and innovative ideas, constantly expanding your knowledge
must have experience with:
j2ee web application development for web sites and restful web services
strong oop design skills and experience with design patterns
practices test-driven development
spring framework such as mvc, batch, scheduler
play framework, akka
jquery and angular javascript frameworks
object/data caching frameworks
build tools, such as maven and sbt
interest in learning or working with php, preferred

we are soon to be opening an office in salt lake city and we offer:

dynamic, stimulating and open environment with opportunity for personal development. 
medical, dental, vision, life insurance
401k w/ match, paid time off, and paid holidays
work from home fridays
paid parking, complimentary food, and game room
socially conscious and community oriented company
energized employment filled with activities and events
competitive base salary, plus bonus, and stock options

 





return to verifi, inc.


apply for this job










apply for this job


apply for this job


share










not the right job?

join our talent network




return to verifi, inc.








powered by







applicant tracking


















