



















telecom engineer i job in san antonio, texas for christus health | operations






 





telecom engineer i

in san antonio, texas




search other jobs
apply now











search again


job attributes

work schedule/shift
not available
job id
5000279444406
req. no
70020016
job title
telecom engineer i
region
not defined
category
information technology
division
not defined
company
christus health
travel
21-30%
facility
corp itc-79101
address

                        10002 rogers runsan antonio, tx  78251 us                        
type
full time
share this on






apply now






share on:








home

about us

about christus
our mission, values, & vision



working here

benefits at christus
professional development
diversity and inclusion



career areas

nursing careers (6 jobs)
physician careers (2 jobs)







new search
previous search





telecom engineer i
in san antonio, texas



job description

the enterprise telecom engineer i - (ete i) is a strategic position providing the highest level of technical skill and expertise in telecom network engineering as well as a tactical position involved with the execution of telecom operations.  the ete ii provides expert level of technical skill and expertise in the area of managing and maintaining data and voice networks. this position has extensive technical knowledge and experience in operational maintenance, availability, capacity planning, and monitoring of critical enterprise voice systems, wide area network links, and metropolitan area networks.
the ete i expert will provide guidance in the initial high-level solution design of multiple voice/data networks from a technology perspective. they will assist with the translation of business requirements into technical requirements, taking into account the existing infrastructure and the need to integrate new and existing technologies. ensure that a scalable, flexible enterprise voice or data solution is developed that will meet the complex needs of the business.
day to day activities include telecom/data provisioning, performance tuning, adding networks and links, scripting for automating of tasks, assigning ports, error tracking, data movement, software configurations, product evaluation, and addressing interoperability issues.  the position also works as part of a cross-functional team that deals with the full spectrum of technology and will fulfill the role of third level support for telecom network technologies, providing training and direction to other technical staff that perform the bulk of the first and second level support tasks.
major responsibilities:

strategy & planning -- plans and coordinates the future state of the enterprise telecom/data networks for christus information management. designs network solutions that meet the information system vision and strategy of the organization; plans, prioritizes, and manages projects, service requests, and routine assignments.  
system engineering - analyzes voice/data network configurations for critical corporate resources; develops plans and recommendations to improve the performance and efficiency of the telecom network; addresses all aspects including hardware, software, outside services, etc. and prevents unplanned disruptions of critical systems.
system integration -- integrates system components, subsystems, facilities and services into the existing technical systems environment; assess impact on other systems, and works with other im associates to ensure a positive impact; installs, configures, and verifies the operation of system components; maintains or improves integration and operation of systems relative to the overall environment; leads or participates as team member in cross-system projects.
system management-- designs, implements, and oversees a proactive process to collect and report data and statistics on the telecom internetworking environment; ensures the systems operate efficiently and meet the needs of the organization; ensures they are kept at most current stable version/release using vendor-supplied updates and patches; performs research and testing to verify impact of installing all updates; coordinates vendor support and ensures relationship is never jeopardized; monitors performance of all assigned systems, responds to reports of slow or erratic performance; control of all aspects of the network; provides training to im associates and clients as needed
training & certification - maintains in-depth knowledge and current certification in data/voice technologies including but not limited to vendor certifications.
performs other duties as assigned.
 
job requirements

                          position qualifications:
a. education/skills

bachelor's degree in computer science, engineering, math or related field or equivalent experience (8 years) required.
extensive technical knowledge of voice/data networks to include:

experience designing and implementing converged networks which should include the following: ip, atm, frame relay, gigabit ethernet, voip, and wireless-based technology.
knowledge of traditional and ip products as well as services include telephone systems (avaya, cisco) , voice mail systems (octel, unity), avaya call routiong systems, and data communication's hardware

knowledge of data communications concepts & ip networking
assist in documentation & tracking all telco network services including telecom expense & inventory management and all associated functions / processes.
experience with one or more of the following models is desired:

wan networks: t1, ds3, oc3, atm,frame relay, gb ethernet
avaya pbx enterprise voice systems -- with call accounting/manager

knowledge of local and wide area networking on multiple platforms: windows, novell, unix, linux and vmware; network protocols and routing; network, server, and host operating systems; ip networking, internet and intranet technologies; email, groupware, office automation and collaboration technologies; voice and/or data communications; voice and/or data networking; windows desktop os; server hardware, software, and administration.

b. experience

a total of eight (8) years of experience in large corporate systems environment with a wide variety of information management systems, networks and technologies required.
minimum of (5) years of experience in telecom network engineering, design, implementation and support of large scale voice and data systems/networks
prior experience in a health care systems environment is a plus.

c. licenses, registrations, or certifications:

one or more of the following certifications required:

telco (avaya/cisco) certified voice & data professional


apply now








site map
home
about us
working here
career areas
search jobs


follow us








career opportunities
accounting / finance (8 jobs)administrative / clerical (40 jobs)billing / collections (medical) (10 jobs)business development / strategic planning (6 jobs)coding (medical) (21 jobs)community & social services (2 jobs)customer service (38 jobs)dietary - food prep. & serving related (12 jobs)education & training (2 jobs)executive (9 jobs)health informatics (2 jobs)health information management (3 jobs)healthcare (172 jobs)hospitality - housekeeping (9 jobs)human resources (2 jobs)information technology (41 jobs)laboratory services (41 jobs)leadership (14 jobs)legal services (1 job)non-profit social services (3 jobs)nurse practitioner (23 jobs)nursing & nursing support (230 jobs)pastoral / spiritual care (2 jobs)pharmacy services (24 jobs)physician's assistant (8 jobs)physician / do / md (14 jobs)quality control (1 job)radiology (54 jobs)registered nurse (rn) (471 jobs)rehab - physical / occupational / speech therapy (43 jobs)research and academics (1 job)respiratory services (21 jobs)retail services (1 job)revenue cycle (1 job)risk management (1 job)supply chain, purchasing, procurement (2 jobs) 

jobs by region
children’s hospital of san antonio (29 jobs)christus central louisiana / st. frances cabrini (50 jobs)christus spohn (94 jobs)christus system office (81 jobs)christus st. vincent (347 jobs)christus physician group / ambulatory services (19 jobs)christus santa rosa (158 jobs)christus shreveport-bossier (46 jobs)christus southeast texas (68 jobs)christus st. michael (36 jobs)christus health southwest louisiana (95 jobs)christus trinity mother frances health system (171 jobs)christus ambulatory services (42 jobs)christus good shepherd (102 jobs)christus trinity clinic (75 jobs) 






			copyright © 2017 christus health.
		

 














