





machine learning engineer - mid level job in san antonio, tx at usaa
























































career center

about usaa
career areas
locations
military
university
life @ usaa
returning applicants





































it jobs at usaa



















careers
/

search jobs



it jobs



it jobs



        
    machine learning engineer - mid level

    








machine learning engineer - mid level job

apply now

job number: r0012764

location: 



                        san antonio, tx
78288,united states
                


date posted: 2017-10-05
full job title: machine learning engineer - mid level 
job family: it 
 

purpose of jobimportant: applicants – when filling out your name and other personal information below, do not use any special characters or all caps. use only standard letters in the english alphabet. including special characters or all uppercase letters will cause errors in your application.we are currently seeking a talented machine learning engineer - mid level for our san antonio, tx facility.  machine learning engineers are engaged in all phases of the software development lifecycle which include; gathering and analyzing user/business system requirements, responding to outages and creating application system models. machine learning engineers primary functions are to design, develop, document, test and debug new and existing software systems and/or applications for internal use, perform defect corrections (analysis, design, code). in addition, machine learning engineers participate in design meetings and consult with business clients to refine, test, and debug programs to meet business needs, and interact and sometimes direct third party partners in the achievement of business and technology initiatives. this is an intermediate-level position. incumbents acquire and apply maturing knowledge of the business, its products, and or processes and may participate in all phases of software development lifecycle machine learning engineers work with limited guidance on moderately complex work assignments and problem resolution.job requirementsabout usaausaa knows what it means to serve. we facilitate the financial security of millions of u.s. military members and their families. this singular mission requires a dedication to innovative thinking at every level.in each of the past five years, we've been a top-40 fortune 100 best companies to work for®, and we've ranked among victory media's top 10 military friendly® employers 13 years straight. we embrace a robust veteran workforce and encourage veterans and veteran spouses to apply.about usaa itour most important qualification isn't technical, it's human. here, we don't just sit in front of a screen. we stand behind our 11 million members who rely on us every day.we are over 3,000 employees strong, a passionately supportive and collaborative team built on agile principles. we've been a top-two computerworld 100 best places to work in it five years in a row and were recently named a top 50 employer for minority engineers & it by workforce diversity magazine.       see what it's like to work for a company where your passion meets our purpose: usaa information technology: a realistic preview  primary responsibilitieswith limited guidance performs defect correction (analysis, design, code) on less complex issues and/or codes applications of medium complexity. with guidance begins to install, customize and integrate commercial software packages. works with more tenured peers to gain understanding of systems while conducting root cause analysis of issues, reviewing new and existing code and/or performing unit testing.works with experienced team members to conduct root cause analysis of issues, review new and existing code and/or perform unit testing. learns to create system documentation/play books and attends requirements, design and code reviews. receives work packages from manager and/or delegates.understands and assists in gathering and analyzing customer requirements and may respond to outages following the appropriate processes.partners with experienced team members to develop accurate estimates on work packages. may begin to identify issues that impact availability.minimum requirementsbachelor degree in computer science or 4 additional years of software development experience beyond the minimum required may be substituted in lieu of a degree2+ years of cloud computing or machine learning experiencepreferred3+ years development or scripting with python, perl, java or r2+ years using spark, hadoop mapreduce, storm, or similar platforms2+ years experience with data transformationsexposure to elasticsearch, kibana, sqoop, kafka, flime, or nifiexposure to aws, azure, or gcp administrationexposure to data visualization tools such as tableauexperience with agile methodologiesdesired characteristicsusaa machine learning engineers create innovative solutions that impact our members. collectively, we are:curious and excited by new ideasenergized by a fast-paced environment    able to understand and translate business needs into leading-edge technology    comfortable working as part of a connected team, but self-motivated   community-focused, dependable and committee exceptionally detail-orientedbenefits usaa's most valuable resource is our 28,000 employees. we promote a culture of diversity and inclusion, encouraging varied perspectives and ideas.our team enjoys world-class benefits, pay and highly competitive reward opportunities, including comprehensive healthcare, wellness and wealth building programs, employee resource groups, 401k matching dollar-for-dollar up to 8% of pay, career planning and continuing education.we promote a strong work-life balance with a variety of on-site services and conveniences depending on location, including a daycare, health center and pharmacy, multiple dining options, company stores, covered parking and free fitness centers. usaa is a casual dress environment.the above description reflects the details considered necessary to describe the principal functions of the job and should not be construed as a detailed description of all the work requirements that may be performed in the job.at usaa our employees enjoy one of the best benefits packages in the business, including a flexible business casual or casual dress environment, comprehensive medical, dental and vision plans, along with wellness and wealth building programs. additionally, our career path planning and continuing education will assist you with your professional goals.usaa also offers a variety of on-site services and conveniences to help you manage your work and personal life, including seven cafeterias, two company stores and three fitness centers.relocation assistance is not available for this position.

apply now





join our talent network




search videos by job description


back to top















frequently asked questions















corporate info & media
news center
privacy
careers
accessibility
contact us
site map
faqs
site terms





                    copyright ©2017 usaa.
                

                    usaa is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer and gives consideration for employment to qualified
                    applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, genetic information,
                    sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, pregnancy, veteran status or any other legally protected
                    characteristic. if you'd like more information about your eeo rights as an applicant under the law, please click here.
                    for usaa’s affirmative action and eeo statement, please click here. furthermore, usaa makes hiring decisions compliant with the fair chance initiative for hiring ordinance (lamc 189.00).
                

                    usaa provides equal opportunity to qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans. usaa will provide
                    reasonable accommodation when requested to enable completion of the online employment inquiry form or, if desired,
                    an alternative method of inquiry. if you need a reasonable accommodation, please email humanresources@usaa.com
                    for assistance.
                

                    usaa means united services automobile association and its insurance, banking, investment and other companies.
                    banks member fdic. investments provided by usaa investment management company and usaa financial advisors inc.,
                    both registered broker dealers.
                

                    did 205814 - 0514
                








