









current openings | career h2opportunities















        for full functionality of this page it is necessary to enable javascript. 
        here are the 
        instructions how to enable javascript in your web browser



construction graduate engineer (vista ridge) | career h2opportunities page has loaded. 

construction graduate engineer (vista ridge) | career h2opportunities page has loaded. 








  click here or press any key to continue.






                        we updated our privacy policy and terms of use, effective december 12, 2017. view privacy policy and terms of use

×















menu







                close menu
            










                        career h2opportunities
                    




 




current openings
                                        



internal career opportunities
                                        



job descriptions
                                        



job interest alerts
                                        



executive career opportunities
                                        



why choose a career at saws
                                        



benefits
                                        



faq
                                        



diversity at saws
                                        



contact human resources
                                        



employment verification
                                        



saws 2016 year in review video
                                        



back to saws.org
                                        



help & support
                            



legal & privacy
                            




social




facebook





twitter





youtube










current openings




sign in












                don't have an account?
                create one.
            

                already have an account?
                sign in.
            








username
















                applications
                





                inbox
                





                profile
            




                account
            




                sign out
                after clicking on this link you will be logged out and the page will be reloaded.










welcome!
thanks for creating an account.













career h2opportunities




powered by
neogov
®












                construction graduate engineer (vista ridge)
            



print









                    apply
                







construction graduate engineer (vista ridge)





                            salary
                            




$48,554.00 - $83,311.00 annually





                        location
                        




san antonio, tx






job type


full time




department


water resources & conservation






job number


2017-00398









closing



                12/31/2017 11:59 pm central
            






description


benefits


questions







starting hourly rate: $23.3433. rate of pay depends on qualifications.
job description
job summarythe vista ridge project is an important project for the city of san antonio and will bring another new water supply resource to the san antonio area.  the project will consist of the following: 18 wells at 9 well sites 7.5 miles of raw groundwater collection piping from 12" to 24" diameter high service pump station including ground storage tanks and treatment facilities for cooling and chemical addition 140 miles of 54" to 60" diameter transmission pipeline 2 intermediate booster stations with ground storage tanks and disinfection treatment terminal delivery site with ground storage tanks and flow metering related civil, structural, mechanical, electrical, instrumentation and controls (i&c), and supervisory control and data acquisition systems (scada)saws is looking for construction graduate engineers that are willing to take on this exciting new project.  the project is along the northern area of san antonio toward burleson county. it is preferred that the construction graduate engineers have a short commute or can relocate near the project site. anticipated working hours are 10 hour days 6 days a week and can vary depending on various factors. the duration of the project is expected to last up to 3 years.  after this project is complete, the construction graduate engineers will be reassigned to other important projects being constructed in the san antonio area.to view the map with the approximate location of the project that will require oversight, please click on the following link at http://www.saws.org/your_water/waterresources/projects/vistaridge/.the construction graduate engineer is responsible for managing and inspecting construction activities performed by contractors with saws water and wastewater facilities work. this position insures contractor compliance with approved plans, specifications, construction standards, and federal, state, and local codes, laws, and regulations and represents saws in a decision-making capacity and payment authorizing capacity. essential functions reviews plans, specifications, and reports; evaluates and makes recommendations to ensure projects comply with saws and governmental standards. monitors project construction budget, schedule, redlines and quality. reviews construction invoices submitted by contractors for accuracy and compliance with construction documents. applies engineering principles, including water and wastewater engineering principles, construction practices, surveying, and problem solving. interprets and applies city ordinances, state, and federal regulations, saws specifications, and related standards to engineering projects. manages, inspects, and accepts construction activities and materials for compliance with governmental safety, regulatory compliance, approved plans, specifications, construction standards, permits, and enforces contractor and saws' quality control plans. attends pre-bid, pre-construction, and project status meetings with governmental agencies, contractors, and consultants. calculates, tabulates, and authorizes payments to contractors, including accurate accounting of material quantities and measurements in both standard and metric formats.  reads and interprets plans, specifications, and block maps, and approves minor field changes. maintains mark-up drawings to reflect as-built conditions and review contractor's red-lined and as-built drawings. review contractor's final red-lined drawings and ensure proper submittal of these documents for development of record drawings. operates survey equipment including levels, rods and lasers. reviews and coordinates chlorination and sampling of new lines, service outages, tie-ins, repair of damaged infrastructure, and installation of temporary connections. prepares daily reports, performs inspection walk-throughs, generates punch lists, submits final quantities including measurements, and issues final field acceptance. communicates and resolves project issues and concerns with internal saws staff, consultants, and other agencies. practices and promotes safe working environment as a main priority while performing job duties. represents saws at public meetings addressing aspects of project construction. performs other duties as assigned.	 decision makingworks under limited supervision. minimum requirements bachelor's degree in civil engineering or related engineering field from an institution accredited by a nationally recognized accrediting agency. proficient in the use of materials, tools, and equipment commonly used in construction, maintenance, or repair of water production and distribution/wastewater collection and treatment systems. proficient in the use of word processing, spreadsheet, database, presentation and project management software. valid class "c" texas driver's license consistent with saws driving policy. confined space entry, competent person excavation safety, work zone traffic control, and hazardous materials certification within 2 years of hire.job dimensions contact with internal and external customers, contractors and governmental agencies. communicates effectively, verbally and in writing. may be required to work hours other than regular daytime schedule such as nights, weekends, holidays, on-call or rotating shifts.physical demands and working conditionsphysical requirements include lifting up to 75 pounds occasionally.  subject to standing, sitting, walking, climbing, bending, crawling, squatting, kneeling, and working in cramped and strained positions for long periods of time to perform job scope. working conditions are primarily outside with frequent exposure to inclement weather; wastewater; mechanical, electrical, chemical and confined space hazards; offensive fumes; excessive noise; heavy traffic; deep excavations and animals, snakes and poisonous insects.  operates a company vehicle on a daily basis.




san antonio water system values the contributions of all its employees, providing them the best in compensation and benefits. the benefits package is designed to attract and retain a workforce of qualified employees who share a responsibility in providing quality water to 1 million consumers.from an affordable medical and dental plan to life-sustaining retirement and insurance plans, we offer benefits that reward employees for their commitment to a challenging career at saws. employee benefits include the following: competitive, market-based salaries performance-based incentives medical benefits dental benefits life insurance prescription drug program vision care plan two retirement plans deferred compensation plans (457 plan) disability income paid leave (vacation, sick, personal) education assistance program (tuition and books 100 percent paid) employee assistance program flexible, tax-deferred health and dependent care spending accounts   wellness programs community service opportunities







01


construction graduate engineer - the vista ridge project is expected to last up to three (3) years. are you willing to commute on a daily basis and/or possibly relocate to the job site?

yes
no





02


*which best describes your highest level of education?

i do not have a high school diploma/ged
i have a high school diploma or ged
i have some college hours (less than 60 credits)
i have an associate's degree or equivalent amount of credits (60 credits or more)
i have a bachelor's degree
i have a master's degree or higher
i have a juris doctorate





03


*if you attended college, indicate college hours completed, degree type, and major.






04


construction graduate engineer - how many years of progressive experience do you have in interpreting project plans and specifications related to the construction and/or maintenance of water and wastewater facilities?

no experience
less than 4 years of experience
between 4 and 6 years of experience
more than 6 years of experience





05


construction graduate engineer – describe your experience in the use of materials, tools, and equipment commonly used in construction, maintenance, or repair of water distribution/wastewater collection systems.  provide job title and dates of the position you have this type of experience.  see resume is not acceptable.  if no experience, enter n/a.






06


describe your experience using word processing, spreadsheets, database, and computerized maintenance management system software. provide specific examples. if no experience, enter n/a.






07


construction graduate engineer - select the qualifications/certifications you currently possess.

no, i don't have the qualification/certification, but i understand i must obtain it within the indicated time
competent person excavation safety
confined space training 8h
hazardous materials certification
hazmat (40 h) training
hazmat (8 h) refresher
hazwoper
hvac certification
lock-out, tag out-training
work zone traffic control




 required question
                        







agency
san antonio water system




address


                        2800 u.s. hwy. 281 n.


                        san antonio, texas, 78212.
                    





website


                        http://www.saws.org/jobs
                    




 


                    apply
                



            your browser does not support the iframe feature, which is required by this web page.
        










                    current openings
                



                    account
                




copyright © 2017












career h2opportunities


current openings










                support
            






sign in form is opened
job application


job details



applying as:

|

                    support
                




                close
            












                close
            







































