





careers at fbd partnership, lp














menucareers homecurrent openings 


careers at fbd partnership, lp
current job opportunities are posted here as they become available.
subscribe to our rss feeds to receive instant updates as new positions become available.

manufacturing engineer, electrical

 department:
ops management	
 location:
san antonio, tx


start your application
job summary: provide expertise in manufacturing process improvement and new process development. develop and maintain subassembly test stands. assist in capturing and analyzing test stand output data. lead the use of common applications and lean mfg practices and tools, improvement processes and common solutions in the plant manufacturing processes. create and implement new conceptual manufacturing processes and make improvements to existing ones. structure and monitor financial and throughput metrics related to manufacturing processes.
primary responsibilities: 

implementing new manufacturing processes such as lean, single piece flow, labor efficiencies, etc.
development and maintenance of subassembly test stands. this includes printed circuit board electronics, flow controls, equipment functional test, and others.
develop pathways to capture data generated by test stands.
improving manufacturability for products by designing new test fixtures to maximize quality and productivity.
work in a multi-departmental team environment in responding to and closing corrective actions (capas).
lead teams in implementing lean initiatives in the factory.
develop and implement corrective action for root cause analysis of problems.
establish and maintain work cell layouts.
reviewing and correcting engineering change orders for manufacturability.

requirements: 

b.s. in electrical engineering
2-3 years experience in manufacturing environment
experience with programmable logic controllers (plcs)
ruby on rails or other full stack database programming a plus
excellent trouble shooting skills
good interpersonal and communication skills
good technical writing skills
proficient in lean manufacturing concepts preferred
experience in project management
solid works or cad experience a plus
prior training in gd&t (geometric dimensioning and tolerancing) a plus
must be willing work on mechanical/industrial projects


start your application
fbd offers an exciting opportunity in a rapidly growing international organization. 
founded in 1996, fbd is a privately-owned global company based in san antonio, tx. through unmatched value, service and reliability, fbd is the undisputed leader in frozen beverage dispensers. fbd customers include the world’s leading companies in the quick-service restaurant, convenience store, theater, mass-merchandiser and theme park industries. we are dedicated to constant engineering innovation and focused solely on frozen beverage dispensers.
fbd offers a competitive salary and benefits package to include medical, dental, life, short/long term disability, educational assistance, 401(k), paid holidays, and paid time off. to learn more about our company, visit www.fbdfrozen.com. fbd is an equal opportunity employer.

© 2017 fbd partnership, lp 

applicant tracking system powered by 

 













