


        data engineer -        mediquire -         job board
    

























 






view our website



view all jobs















mediquire is a big data analytics platform for ambulatory care clinics that treat low-income patients in the united states. please review our open positions and website. we look forward to hearing from you.  



data engineer


new york, ny                    

full time                

entry level                


















we are looking for an energetic and highly motivated data engineer to help launch customer implementations and analyze our database of patient medical record data.
about mediquire: 
mediquire is a big data analytics platform for primary care clinics that treat low-income patients in the united states.
we are a venture capital funded start-up with an experienced management team. our product helps primary care clinics analyze electronic health record patient data and provide actionable feedback to clinicians, thereby improving health outcomes and reducing costs for the poorest patients across the us. 
you will work closely with and learn from seasoned professionals including a former bain capital executive (harvard business school), the former senior truvent product owner, the former cto at media ocean, a seasoned sales rep with over 20 years experience. and the best part, you get to work in a sector of healthcare that needs you most: 25 million medicaid/ medicare patients around the poverty line, whose health depends on us.
key responsibilities: 

launch new customer implementations
analyze customer patient medical record data
ongoing product and analytics development

qualifications and experience:

bachelor degree in computer science preferred
big data technologies in the cloud such as hadoop, pig, hive, etc.
traditional relational dbms as well as no-sql
extract, transformation and load (etl) tools and practices
data and object modeling
general software engineering principles such as oop, solid, etc.
quick and eager to learn new technologies

competitive salary, benefits and equity provided. this position is located in new york city.
only candidates with us citizenship or green card accepted. 

read more



apply for position








            apply for this position        
required*



apply with linkedin







apply with indeed









first name*



last name*



email address*



phone*



resume*

attach resume
                    or
                    paste resume



                        attach resume as .pdf, .doc, or .docx (limit 2mb) or
                        paste resume


 




                            paste your resume here or
                            attach resume file










submit application














×close
forward this position





recipient email address (one)



your name



your email address



enter a message (optional)
the message cannot contain links




human check*




















powered by















