










job opportunities | career center















        for full functionality of this page it is necessary to enable javascript. 
        here are the 
        instructions how to enable javascript in your web browser



development services engineer | career center page has loaded. 

development services engineer | career center page has loaded. 








  click here or press any key to continue.






                        we updated our privacy policy and terms of use, effective december 12, 2017. view privacy policy and terms of use

×















menu







                close menu
            










                        career center
                    




 




job opportunities
                                        



internal job opportunities
                                        



job descriptions
                                        



job alerts
                                        



human resources career center
                                        



sign in & check status
                                        



application how to & help
                                        



help & support
                            



legal & privacy
                            




social




linkedin





facebook





twitter





youtube










job opportunities




sign in












                don't have an account?
                create one.
            

                already have an account?
                sign in.
            








username
















                applications
                





                inbox
                





                profile
            




                account
            




                sign out
                after clicking on this link you will be logged out and the page will be reloaded.










welcome!
thanks for creating an account.













career center




powered by
neogov
®












                development services engineer
            



print















development services engineer





                            salary
                            




$92,796.86 - $157,754.48 annually





                        location
                        




78207, tx






job type


4c full-time




department


development services






job number


2018-00291









closing



                12/12/2017 11:59 pm central
            






description


benefits


questions






job summary
under administrative direction, is responsible for planning, directing, and managing the performance of the engineering work submitted to development services department related to commercial and residential building permits, and specifically fire protection, building code, mechanical, electrical and plumbing, tree preservation, landscaping and irrigation, as well as zoning related items.  exercises direct supervision over assigned staff. this position is an "unclassified" position and has no disciplinary appeal rights to the municipal civil service commission. this position is likewise subject to at-will employment status and can be terminated at any time for any reason.this advertisement will be used to fill two positions (one in plans review and the other with land review).
essential job functions
 supervises engineering staff in the review of proposed development subdivision infrastructure for the compliance approval to the unified development code and proposed building permits for compliance to the building codes. provides information both verbally and in writing to city council, management staff, or the general public regarding any complaints or inquiries. advises other city departments on matters related to technical engineering development issues. reviews proposed infrastructure and building construction plans, traffic impact analysis, and subdivision plats for compliance to various codes and regulations of the city. formulates policies for the division within the framework of development issues for any applicable city regulations. develops programs to improve the efficiency of the engineering division that includes the code administration, plan review, issuance of permits, licenses, construction inspection, tree inspection and gis mapping/addressing sections; evaluates staff performance, and assists in formulating meaningful performance measures for statistical use by the department. assists the director in investigating, representing, or giving legal testimony in claims or lawsuits against the city relative to development issues. develops and implements the division's budget, including the justification requests for additional personnel based upon the division's performance and goals. represents the director or assistant directors at staff conference or public meetings and assists in the preparation of any staff reports or other data. provides technical engineering advice to the director or assistant directors to include advice relating to changes, new trends, or innovations regarding development issues. provides staff support and attendance required by the director to the planning commission, advisory boards, and committees to answer technical questions or provide input as requested. participates in technical staff reviews for development issues of asset management dispositions, tax increment financing, housing authority, and neighborhood action development programs of the city. directs the updating of land data related to plats, annexation and re-zoning. directs the updating of gis and gps data layers for internal and external customers. participates in the development, design, and implementation of all computerized programs; ensures system wide compatibility and responsiveness. performs related duties and fulfills responsibilities as required.
job requirements
 bachelor's degree in engineering from an accredited university, or approved engineering school by the texas state board of registration for professional engineers.	 	six (6) years of experience in engineering, to include three (3) years of experience in land development activities. no substitution for education allowed. licensed to practice engineering in the state of texas, as a professional engineer or must obtain a license to practice in the state of texas within six (6) months of employment. this position requires a valid class "c" texas driver's license or valid driver's license from another state with the ability to obtain a valid class "c" texas driver's license within 30 days of becoming a texas resident. use of your own personal vehicle may at time be required and proof of liability insurance will be required.preferred qualifications: knowledge of building and fire codes.applicant information: if selected for this position, official transcripts, diplomas, certifications and licenses must be submitted at the time of processing.  unofficial transcripts and copies of other relevant documents may be attached to the application for consideration in advance. please be advised that if selected for this position, information regarding employment history as it relates to the qualifications of the position will be needed for employment verification. applicants claiming military service to meet the experience requirement for this position may attach a dd214 to the application. unless otherwise stated, applicants are permitted to substitute two years of related full-time experience for one year of higher education or one year of related higher education for two years of experience in order to meet the minimum requirements of the job. one year of full-time experience is defined as 30 or more hours worked per week for 12 months.  one year of higher education is defined as 30 credit hours completed at an accredited college or university. applicants selected for employment with the city of san antonio in this position must receive satisfactory results from pre-employment drug testing and background checks.  if required for the position, a physical, motor vehicle record evaluation, and additional background checks may be conducted.physical requirements: physical requirements include occasional lifting/carrying of 5 pounds and up to 50 pounds with assistance, visual acuity, speech and hearing; hand and eye coordination and manual dexterity necessary to operate computer keyboard and basic office equipment. subject to sitting and standing to perform the essential functions. working conditions are in an office environment.
knowledge, skills, and abilities
 knowledge of civil engineering principles and practices as applied to municipal and public development projects, activities and programs. knowledge of principles and practices of organization, administration, and management of public organizations within the context of civil engineering. knowledge of laws, codes, and regulations related to municipal and private development. knowledge of construction methods and application of design standards, procedures, and time frames. ability to develop short and long range engineering goals and policies for the department. ability to establish and maintain effective working relationships with employees, management, and the public. ability to perform engineering research and interpret legal documents related to engineering problems and to effectively communicate the findings. ability to develop, justify, and implement a budget. ability to investigate, identify, and respond to community and council issues, concerns, and needs. ability to provide technical consultation in the application of city's codes and regulations in a positive and constructive manner. ability to analyze problems, provide alternatives, identify solutions in support of various city programs and projects.




the city of san antonio (cosa) strives to provide a competitive compensation and benefit package to attract and retain a highly skilled workforce.  to accomplish this, cosa offers subsidized health care benefits for active and retired employees, paid disability benefits, paid life insurance, as well as automatic participation in a pension program which is currently matched two to one.for more detailed information, please click on the following link to view benefits offered by the city of san antonio:http://www.sanantonio.gov/hr/employee_information/benefits/index.asp note:  part-time and temporary positions are not eligible for cosa benefits. holiday and leave benefits for pre-k 4 sa full-time positions may be different than what is listed at the above link.







01


do you have a bachelor's degree in engineering from an accredited university, or approved engineering school by the texas state board of registration for professional engineers?

yes
no





02


how many years of experience do you have in  engineering?

less than one year
1 year
2 years
3 years
4 years
5 years
6 years
7 years
8 years
9 years
10 years
11 years
12 years
13 years
14 years
15 years +
i do not have experience in engineering.





03


how many years of experience do you have in  land development activities?

less than one year
1 year
2 years
3 years
4 years
5 years +
i do not have experience in land development activities





04


are your licensed to practice engineering in the state of texas as a professional engineer?

yes
no





05


do you have a valid driver's license?

yes
no





06


are you a current regular full time cosa employee?

yes
no





07


this advertisement will be used to fill to positions.  please select the area you would like to be considered for:

land review
plan review
i want to be considered for both.





08


how many years of experience do you have in commercial development?

less than one year
1 year
2 years
3 years
4 years
5 years +
i do not have experience.





09


do you have experience working with or for an ahj (authority having jurisdiction)?

yes
no





10


describe a development project you have worked on.  what was your role? what were the results of the project?






11


i understand that this position is an "unclassified" position and has no disciplinary appeal rights to the municipal civil service commission. this position is likewise subject to at-will employment status and can be terminated at any time for any reason.

yes
no




 required question
                        







agency
city of san antonio




address


                        human resources department


                        san antonio, texas, 78205.
                    





phone

210-207-8705                        





website


                        http://www.sanantonio.gov/hr/careercenter.aspx
                    




 


            your browser does not support the iframe feature, which is required by this web page.
        










                    job opportunities
                



                    account
                




copyright © 2017












career center


job opportunities










                support
            






sign in form is opened
job application


job details



applying as:

|

                    support
                




                close
            












                close
            







































