





research engineer - mid level job in san antonio, tx at usaa
























































career center

about usaa
career areas
locations
military
university
life @ usaa
returning applicants





































it jobs at usaa



















careers
/

search jobs



it jobs



developers-programmers jobs



        
    research engineer - mid level

    








research engineer - mid level job

apply now

job number: r0013053

location: 



                        san antonio, tx
78288,united states
                


date posted: 2017-11-29
full job title: research engineer - mid level 
job family: it 
 

purpose of jobgathers information, analyzes data trends, identifies root causes, and develops work products. execute applied research for business and technical innovation purposes across any known, future, or as of yet unknown set of business functions and/or technologies. acquires and applies broad knowledge of the business, its products, and/or processes. responsible for the execution of applied research to include business and technical investigation, ideation, innovation, and evaluation to provide recommendations in the forms of research reports, hands on lab evaluations, demo's, prototypes, and production pilots. may develop business and technology gap assessments, innovation forecasts, research recommendations, patent opportunities, and specialized business and technology evaluations based on analysis of business, technology, industry, competitors, economic environment, legal/regulatory/political, and suppliers. resolves issues of and navigates obstacles to deliver work product. serves as a resource to less experienced team members on escalated issues of a routine nature.we are currently seeking a talented research engineer - mid level for our san antonio, tx facility.job requirementsabout usaausaa knows what it means to serve. we facilitate the financial security of millions of u.s. military members and their families. this singular mission requires a dedication to innovative thinking at every level. in each of the past five years, we've been a top-40 fortune 100 best companies to work for®, and we've ranked among victory media's top 10 military friendly® employers 13 years straight. we embrace a robust veteran workforce and encourage veterans and veteran spouses to apply.about usaa itour most important qualification isn't technical, it's human. here, we don't just sit in front of a screen. we stand behind our 11 million members who rely on us every day. we are over 3,000 employees strong, a passionately supportive and collaborative team built on agile principles. we've been a top-two computerworld 100 best places to work in it five years in a row and were recently named a top 50 employer for minority engineers & it by workforce diversity magazine.see what it's like to work for a company where your passion meets our purpose:usaa information technology: a realistic preview identify complex technology capabilities and limitations using highly developed research techniques.interact with appropriate experts from it in assessments.begins to influence projects that may be impacted by the research process.perform complex research assessments, present findings to technical audiences, with little guidance.regularly interact with and maintain relationships with counterparts internally, increase it visibility.contribute research assessments to architecture domain direction.minimum requirementsbachelor's degree or 4 additional years of related experience beyond the minimum required may be substituted in lieu of a degree4 or more years of relevant business support and/or general technology research/analysis experienceproficient knowledge of development skills in varied language disciplines, hardware and netproficient aptitude and understanding, it and financial service industry aware, j2ee technologies (java, jdbc, applets, swing, java security, javascript), webservices, html, xml (xpath), j2me, php, ajax/dhmtl, wap, wml and demonstrated creative and innovation skills.*qualifications may warrant placement in a different job level*when you apply for this position, you will be required to answer some initial questions.  this will take approximately 5 minutes.  once you begin the questions you will not be able to finish them at a later time and you will not able to change your responses.preferred requirements2+ years’ experience developing mobile applications (ios or android)2+ years’ experience developing with javascript frameworks such as react, redux, angular, etc.1+ years’ experience designing, developing, and testing applications in an innovation groupability to pick up new technologies or languages within weeksprior experience analyzing, researching, and prototyping, new applications in a large enterprise environmentexperience with agile methodologiesexperience experimenting; test and learn in a fast-paced environmentdesired characteristicsusaa research engineers create innovative solutions that impact our members. collectively, we are:curious and excited by new ideasenergized by a fast-paced environment    able to understand and translate business needs into leading-edge technology    comfortable working as part of a connected team, but self-motivated   community-focused, dependable and committee exceptionally detail-orientedthe above description reflects the details considered necessary to describe the principal functions of the job and should not be construed as a detailed description of all the work requirements that may be performed in the job.at usaa our employees enjoy one of the best benefits package in the business, including a flexible business casual or casual dress environment, comprehensive medical, dental and vision plans, along with wellness and wealth building programs.  additionally, our career path planning and continuing education will assist you with your professional goals.usaa also offers a variety of on-site services and conveniences to help you manage your work and personal life, including seven cafeterias, two company stores and three fitness centers.relocation assistance is not available for this position.for internal candidates:must complete 12 months in current position (from date of hire or date of placement), or must have manager’s approval prior to posting.last day for internal candidates to apply to the opening is 12/5/17 by 11:59 pm cst time. 

apply now





join our talent network




search videos by job description


back to top















frequently asked questions















corporate info & media
news center
privacy
careers
accessibility
contact us
site map
faqs
site terms





                    copyright ©2017 usaa.
                

                    usaa is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer and gives consideration for employment to qualified
                    applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, genetic information,
                    sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, pregnancy, veteran status or any other legally protected
                    characteristic. if you'd like more information about your eeo rights as an applicant under the law, please click here.
                    for usaa’s affirmative action and eeo statement, please click here. furthermore, usaa makes hiring decisions compliant with the fair chance initiative for hiring ordinance (lamc 189.00).
                

                    usaa provides equal opportunity to qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans. usaa will provide
                    reasonable accommodation when requested to enable completion of the online employment inquiry form or, if desired,
                    an alternative method of inquiry. if you need a reasonable accommodation, please email humanresources@usaa.com
                    for assistance.
                

                    usaa means united services automobile association and its insurance, banking, investment and other companies.
                    banks member fdic. investments provided by usaa investment management company and usaa financial advisors inc.,
                    both registered broker dealers.
                

                    did 205814 - 0514
                








