




















industrial systems engineer (ics), principal - san antonio job























solutions & services

markets

about
contact»
careers»
















search by keyword






share this job






















email similar jobs to me
please enable javascript to subscribe.









join with linkedin







join now





email  





please wait...














industrial systems engineer (ics), principal - san antonio job

apply now »

apply now 


email  





please wait...







date: 
dec 5, 2017
                


location: 
san antonio, tx, us


company: 
saic


industrial systems engineer (ics), principal - san antonio   (job number:432066)description:saic is hiring an industrial systems engineer, principal in san antonio, tx.saic's principal specialty engineer will evaluate relevant customer systems and networks for security vulnerabilities. the engineer will take these results and validate the risk to the network and calculate the potential effects a denial or manipulation effect would have on a given network. the engineer will also perform the following:- perform or review security incident investigations understanding power plants, public works, and national, state and local infrastructure- assist in developing responses to internal & external audits, penetration tests and vulnerability assessments.- direct technical system analysis on the networks associated with the customer- analyze data streams at all data layers- research emerging technologies in support of security enhancement and development efforts.- validate and verify system security requirement and analysis.- manage the development, implementation and training of standard operating proceduresqualifications:education and experience:- bs degree in a technical discipline (or equivalent years of technical experience) plus 9 years or more years of related experience.- ms degree in computer science/cyber options/electronic engineering is preferablequalifications:- a proven record in infrastructure, networked systems and/or support systems security assessment, vulnerability identification, mitigation, and prevention.- desired: experience with ics/scada- expertise with all types with common security tools and products i.e. siem, vulnerability management, dlp, content filtering, ediscovery, anti-virus, firewalls, malware analysis and protection, ids/ips, forensics, identity and access management is preferred.- proficient with microsoft word, excel, visio, sharepoint, powerpoint & project.- a history of working in collaborative, team-oriented environments with a commitment to results and a proven track record of accomplishments.- advanced written and verbal communication skills.clearance requirement:- ts/sci to start with ability to obtain a poly.- icaf*saic overview:saic is a premier technology integrator providing full life cycle services and solutions in the technical, engineering, intelligence, and enterprise information technology markets. saic is redefining ingenuity through its deep customer and domain knowledge to enable the delivery of systems engineering and integration offerings for large, complex projects. saic has approximately 15,000 employees are driven by integrity and mission focus to serve customers in the u.s. federal government. headquartered in reston, virginia, saic has annual revenues of approximately $4.5 billion. for more information, visit saic.com.eoe aa m/f/vet/disabilityjob posting: nov 6, 2017, 5:58:29 pmprimary location: united states-tx-san antonioclearance level must currently possess: top secret/sciclearance level must be able to obtain: top secret/sci with polygraphpotential for teleworking: notravel: yes, 10% of the timeshift: day jobschedule: full-time
        


nearest major market: san antonio
                    
                

job segment: 
engineer, industrial, industrial engineer, systems engineer, developer, engineering, manufacturing, technology
                    





apply now »

apply now 


email  





please wait...











find similar jobs: 

systems engineering jobs with saic,
systems engineering,
sharepoint jobs in san antonio,
research jobs in san antonio,
polygraph jobs






if you are a qualified individual with a disability or a disabled veteran, you have the right to request an accommodation if you are unable or limited in your ability to use or access saic.com/career as a result of your disability. to request an accommodation, please click here.

saic is an equal opportunity employer.

 top job searches | 
 view all jobs | 
 privacy policy | 
socialmatcher



join us on

facebook
linkedin
twitter
youtube





































