bosch group motorsport systems engineer | smartrecruiters

motorsport systems engineermooresville, ncfull-timecompany descriptiondo you want beneficial technologies being shaped by your ideas? whether in the areas of mobility solutions, consumer goods, industrial technology or energy and building technology with us, you will have the chance to improve quality of life all across the globe. welcome to bosch.bosch engineering is a fast-growing company and is looking to strengthen its team of developers. you will have the opportunity to work on challenging tasks in a young, dynamic team.http://www.bosch-motorsport.comwillingness to travel multiple times per year and on short notice. typical travel requirement is 20-30 days per year.job descriptionmotorsport systems development and applications engineer. duties will include, but not limited to the following: application and support of existing bosch components and tools in racing industry. aid in failure analysis of existing components and development of solutions identify possibilities in the marketplace to adapt existing bosch technology electromechanical system design, both circuit and hardware integration side (e.g. redundant diode rectifier, brushless motor controls) mechanical design for development components (nx, cam integration, autocad) maintaining the development documentation for current and released developments under the direction of the pl.  interfaces with customers and development partners to troubleshoot issues and collect feedback for ongoing and past developments, including collection of test and release data collaboration with multi-discipline  project team domestically and abroad travel to customer meetings and/or project team offsite activities utilize time management and dynamic prioritization for multiple engineering projectsqualificationsrequired skillsbachelor of science in mechanical, electrical or computer engineering minimum of 1-4 years of relevant experience in the nascar or other racing industry, unless significant  fsae or equivalent experience minimum 2 years of experience in electronics and system design minimum 2 years of experience in mechanical design and electromechanical systems english (oral and written) - native or minimum of c1 ( cefr/ actfl) 2+ years of experience in microsoft officepreferred skillscapacity to work independently or in small teams, in a fast-paced environment, exhibiting competence and personal accountability. excellent analytical problem solving skills capacity to utilize time management and dynamic prioritization for multiple engineering projects capability to grasp new technologies with associated hardware and software interfaces.  competency to read and comprehend electrical schematics and debug electrical wiring harness issues. demonstrates hands on experience with mechanical or electrical components and systems, e.g. engine  repair work/rebuilds, engine management, arduino projects, etc.automotive experience related to vehicle dynamics and holistic vehicle system design/analysis. demonstrates competency in performing basic to advanced data analysisexperience with embedded software (matlab simulink, c / c++, c sharp). computer networking and associated it troubleshooting knowledge, especially with windows os. german language skills.additional informationby choice, we are committed to a diverse workforce - eoe/protectedveteran/disabled.bosch is a proud supporter of stem (science, technology, engineering &mathematics)initiatives first robotics   (for inspiration and recognition of science and technology) awim     (a world in motion) *cbvideos to watchi'm interestedi'm interestedrefer a friendshare this jobshare to wechat×copy the link and open wechat to share.copy to clipboardopen wechatshare to wechat×use scan qr code in wechat and click ··· to share.