

job: big data and restful web services engineer | gold coast it solutions

























































home

about us

services

enterprise applications

hadoop

cloud solutions

product engineering



clients

careers

tech analyst program



contact us

blog

 

...



 
















title
 big data and restful web services engineer


salary
$75-$85


start date
2015-04-01


location
philadelphia, pa


job information
big data engineer
location: philadelphia , pa  employment type: full time
phone + in person interview
h1 transfer also consider.
company profile:
goldcoast it solutions (gcit) is an applications and services company specializing in customer-centric enterprise solutions that help clients succeed in discovering, understanding, and retaining their customers. our solutions in the hadoop space and in the java/j2ee technology realm are the best in the industry. our staff, mostly with us big 5 consulting backgrounds, offer a wide range of professional services in both business automation and technical innovation that strategically streamline our customers’ required processes.
 job description:
     key areas of expertise are: java core technology, big data, restful web services. 
must have 5-8 years of professional (hands-on) software development experience.
must have development experience with java core technology, including: spring
must demonstrate expertise developing restful web services. hyper media restful is a plus.
solid understanding and prior experience with relational databases (sql) is required for this role.
any prior experience with etl is a big plus for this role.
prior experience with large scale, high-concurrency data processing is a plus
prior experience with hadoop and mapreduce.
prior experience with amazon web services is a plus
excellent written and verbal communication skills absolutely required for this role.
 benefits:
- pay package — $75-$85 an hour
- full medical and health benefits
- 401k
- periodic performance bonus
- full relocation package
- we are willing to do a h1-b transfer for the right candidate
we are proud of our diverse environment, eoe,m/f/d/v.


  

 



 



copyright © 2014 gcitsolutions.com | 1750 old meadow rd, suite 600 mclean va 22102 telephone: (203)542-0696 email: info@gcitsolutions.com


about usblogcareerstech analyst programclientscontact ushomejava j2ee developermigrationservicescloud solutionsenterprise applicationshadoopproduct engineering










social network











contact us



    tel:         
    (203) 542-0696 
    	


    email:         

    info@gcitsolutions.com	
    	

    
    add:         

     142 harrison ave, milford ct 06460 
    	




















