


quicken loans careers |software engineer - full stack
















































please enable cookies to continue
please enable cookies in your browser to experience all the personalized features of this site, including the ability to apply for a job.





returning candidate?

log back in!





software engineer - full stack



software engineer - full stack




company 

quicken loans inc.




location 
us-nc-charlotte







opportunity details




who we are







our next big thingcould be your thing the quicken loans family of companies is obsessed with always finding a better way through the creativity, innovation and transformative thinking of our leaders and team members. we certainly have the desire and ability to adapt to a changing world. and we are known to have changed the world ourselves – from revolutionizing the mortgage banking industry, to creating new technology-driven ventures, to developing life-changing career experiences, to revitalizing the communities in which we live, work and play.  we understand that the type of people we hire have a lot to share. they are transformative thinkers who help us bring about radical change. we give our team members the creative environment, freedom to think and explore, and to advance their new ideas and thoughts. that’s why we created bullet time, our signature program for rapid-fire innovation that nurtures “intrapreneurs” among our tech team members.  here, the next big thing could be your thing. 







what you'll do/need







quicken loans is looking for a software engineer to join our team of more than 1600 technology professionals. quicken loans was named the #1 best place to work in technology for the fourth consecutive year in a row. our unique culture is filled with fun and challenging events including hackathons and innovation challenges. here you will get to work with some of the brightest minds in the industry, be challenged to solve the right problem with the right tool, and follow your passions. making everything radically simple, through engineering. responsibilitiessolve problems by crafting software solutions using maintainable and modular code that you would be proud to show to colleagues (which you will for code reviews).we want to hire engineers, not language specialists. therefore, we’re more focused on where you stand on programming fundamentals, including common data types, design patterns, and data structures; object-oriented design principals; experience with unit testing; modern version control flows; functional programming; and comfort level on the command line.participate in daily team standup meetings where you’ll give and receive updates on the current backlog and challenges. participate in code reviews.write unit, functional, acceptance, and/or user tests.challenge your fellow team members to grow and enhance our team with new, diverse talentrequirementsfour years of professional, development experience, which may include php, python, ruby, c#, java, .net, nodejs, javascript, progress, erlang/elixir, etc. focused on where you stand on programming fundamentals, including common data types, design patterns, and data structures; object-oriented design principals; experience with unit testing; modern version control flows; functional programming; and comfort level on the command line.a willingness to learn new languages and technologies.bring the fundamentals and we’ll train you on the right tool for the job.what’ll make you specialexperience with restinvolvement with cloud applications, specifically those build on aws or azureexperience working with containersportfolio and code samples you can sharea time machine that can remove technical debt before it happens.







what you'll get







excellent benefits package that includes a 401(k) match, medical/dental/vision, and much moreopportunities to participate in professional and personal development programs, including personal empowerment coaching, leadership training and ongoing personal growth trainingother incentives, contests and rewards, including trips, event tickets, cash prizes and more why we're different corporate politics not your strong suit? the anti-corporate culture of quicken loans gives our team members the initiative to build solutions together and grow both personally and professionally. at quicken loans, we’re in the business of putting roofs over our clients’ heads, but we certainly aren’t putting ceilings on our team members’ careers. if you’re interested in working in a place with a philosophy that’s truly different, apply today. quicken loans is an equal opportunity employer. quicken loans received the highest numerical score in the proprietary j.d. power 2010 – 2016 primary mortgage origination studies and the 2014 – 2016 primary mortgage servicer studies. 2016 origination (or sales) based on 5,182 total responses and measures experiences and perceptions of consumers who originated a new mortgage, surveyed in july – august 2016. 2016 servicing based on 7,542 total responses and measures experiences and perceptions of consumers with their current mortgage servicer, surveyed in march – april 2016. your experiences may vary. visit jdpower.com.





apply/share

apply for this job onlineapplysharerefer this job to a friendrefer



share on your newsfeed




stay connected




not ready to apply? click here to create a profile and stay connected with quicken loans and our family of companies.





share this opportunity:













back to home page

for further assistance, call 1-800-411-jobs









