 


trinet hire | technical implementation engineer - digital analytics





















 
jobs at nabler








technical implementation engineer - digital analytics





                  charlotte, nc
                

department: lowe's
type: full-time
min. experience: entry level
salary: $45,000.00 - $50,000.00
              per hour
            





            back to job listings
 










do you have a computer science or a computer engineering degree? are you a math and excel whiz? are you able to communicate ideas clearly and effectively? we are looking for people with these skill sets!
nabler launchpad offers an opportunity for recent college graduates to break into the relatively new, and constantly growing, field of digital analytics. we are filling entry-level positions as analysts that include on-the-job training and working onsite with one of nabler’s fortune 500 clients. for a trained analyst, the opportunities are endless! e-commerce and digital marketing companies cannot fill these positions fast enough.
you will be hired as a nabler temporary employee initially, embedded with a world class analytics team. you will work alongside, and be trained by, leaders in the digital analytics industry. the intent of the client is to groom and then hire analysts upon successful completion of the probationary period.
watch nabler launchpad employees talk about their experiences!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kyk3d3xcuwi&feature=youtu.be

responsibilities•	clearly translate data points into easily digestible presentations, insights, and recommendations•	prepare and produce analytics reports on a weekly, bi-weekly and monthly basis•	manage data pulls of varying size and complexity•	ensure accuracy of data reporting•	work with internal stakeholders to establish kpis and related metrics for new products, site enhancements, and site redesigns•	proactively analyze the website(s) for areas of opportunity and actionable recommendations•	stay current with the latest developments with web analytics platforms and techniques to help our team stay on the cutting edge of marketing analytics•	develop a thorough understanding of the data environment - data collection, data sources, data accessibility and tools•	support key business initiatives with analytics and insight, acting as a quantitative consultant on projects•	develop automated daily, weekly and monthly reporting through bi tools including excel/tableau
qualifications•	recent graduate (within the last two years)•	bs/ms preferably in computer science and computer engineering fields.•	strongly prefer a background with programming classes such as java, python, c/c++•	excellent gpa (3.0 or higher)
desired skills•	proficiency with ms excel and powerpoint is required to assimilate new ideas and information quickly•	ability to thrive in a dynamic and fast-paced environment, drive change, and collaborate effectively with a variety of individuals and organizations•	ability to manage multiple priorities at once and shift priorities seamlessly•	strong relationship builder•	excellent communication skills•	ability to work through problems and reach a workable solution•	strong aptitude in mathplease submit a copy of your transcript along with your resume.
eligibilityin compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the united states and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.
physical demandsthe physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
while performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to stand, walk, sit, use hands, reach with hands and arms, and talk or hear. the employee is occasionally required to climb or balance, and stoop, kneel, crouch or crawl. the employee must frequently lift and/or move up to 25 pounds. specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, distance vision, peripheral vision, depth perception, ability to adjust focus, and ability to see color.
work environmentthe work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
the noise level in the work environment is usually moderate.
about nablernabler is a solutions-focused digital analytics consulting firm. we guide enterprises and media agencies, throughout their digital maturity journey, in maximizing the benefits of their digital infrastructure. founded in 2004, with offices in charlotte, nc, and bangalore, india, nabler has supported many fortune 500 firms and top 100 global brands. we enable marketers to make advanced, data-driven decisions and increase the success of their digital properties, such as websites, social media, online platforms, digital devices, and web and mobile-based applications. combining progressive analytics practices, technology, and domain expertise, our custom solutions help clients use data and insights to inform business decisions.
as we begin our analysis for each client, we study any analytics tools currently in place. we always consider existing infrastructure as we propose further solutions. nabler offers implementation services through web analytics tools such as adobe analytics sitecatalyst, webtrends, and google analytics. this could mean a complete configuration of analytics tools on a website, or auditing current implementations and doing a health check. one of the core implementation services we offer is tag management using gtm, adobe dtm, telium, brighttag/signal, supertag and tagman.



apply for this job






first name



last name



email address



location














phone number



resume



attach resume






attach another file



attach file



  

add another


what is your linkedin profile url?



are you willing to relocate?

yes
no


do you require sponsorship?

yes
no


what is your earliest start date?



what is the highest level of education you’ve obtained?

no answer
ged or equivalent
high school
some college
college - associates
college - bachelor of arts
college - bachelor of fine arts
college - bachelor of science
college - master of arts
college - master of science
college - master of fine arts
college - master of business administration
college - doctorate
medical doctor
other


what was the latest college or university you attended?



what was your most recent grade point average (gpa)?




on a scale of 1-10, how would you rate your microsoft excel skills?




do you have any programming/coding experience? if so, which languages?












linkedin url
should be {http://www.linkedin.com/pub/[member-name/]x/y/z} or {http://www.linkedin.com/in/string}








© 2014-2017 trinet group, inc. all rights reserved.



