




devops engineer   continuous integration (ci/cd) description at wells fargo






























skip navigation






close

our benefits
our values
our hiring process



social media

twitter
linkedin
youtube
glassdoor
facebook













search our jobs

search our jobs

keyword



location



radius
select
5 miles
15 miles
25 miles
35 miles
50 miles



search our jobs




    in order to provide you with a better search experience, we will be performing scheduled site maintenance starting saturday 12/16, 6:00am cst through 2:00pm cst. you will not be able to apply for jobs during this maintenance period. we are sorry for any inconvenience this may have caused but we look forward to you continuing your search soon.





job description
devops engineer   continuous integration (ci/cd)
apply now
job id 5358161 schedule type reg-time work hours 40 location san francisco, california, charlotte, north carolina, oakland, california;

job descriptionwells fargo gateway is a new ‘banking as a service’ api channel that supports new business to business opportunities.  we are a start-up in wells fargo and we’re looking for experienced engineers to continue to move this new group towards maturity.  this new group within wells fargo is using the latest openstack and open-source software tools and practices to deliver apis to market quickly.  the incumbent will work within wells fargo enterprise information technology with the api development squads, platform teams, product owners, scrum masters, and with other technology centers of excellence.  the devops engineer is responsible for engineering new software, including ensuring all availability, architecture, quality, security, support and risk/compliance standards are met for the gateway.    the platform team has the knowledge of the environments, software, function, performance, availability, and capacity.  we need a diverse group of people with different experience levels to build puppet modules, engineer the next version of the 40+ pieces of software, troubleshoot and support the api environments, development portals, and more.   devops responsibilities: design, write and deliver software to improve the availability, scalability, latency, and efficiency of gateway’s services. solve problems relating to the gateway and wells fargo systems and build automation to prevent problem recurrence; with the goal of automating response to all non-exceptional service conditions. influence and create new designs, software, architectures, standards and methods for large-scale distributed systems. engage in service capacity planning and demand forecasting, software performance analysis and system tuning. troubleshoot and mitigate the thorniest problems in our most mission-critical systems. advise the team during postmortems on effectively avoiding repeated incidents on call support for the gateway systemrequired qualifications7+ years of application development and implementation experiencedesired qualificationsgood verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skillsother desired qualifications undergraduate degree in computer science or related technical field, or equivalent practical experience. previous scripting experience in one or more of: c, c++, java, perl, python, go, shell, perl 4+ years ci/cd experience using openstack and open-source tools, similar to jenkins, hashicorp, github, etc. 2+ years puppet experience experience working with unix/linux systems from kernel to shell and beyond, with experience working with system libraries, file systems, and client-server protocols. networking: experience with network theory e.g. tcp/ip, udp, icmp, etc., mac addresses, ip packets, dns, osi layers, and load balancing. expertise in designing, analyzing and troubleshooting large-scale distributed systems. in-depth knowledge of operating systems (processes, threads, concurrency issues, locks, mutexes, semaphores, monitors and how they work). familiarity with algorithms, data structures and complexity analysis. systematic problem solving approach, coupled with a strong sense of ownership and drive.disclaimerall offers for employment with wells fargo are contingent upon the candidate having successfully completed a criminal background check.  wells fargo will consider qualified candidates with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable local, state and federal law, including section 19 of the federal deposit insurance act.relevant military experience is considered for veterans and transitioning service men and women.wells fargo is an affirmative action and equal opportunity employer, minority/female/disabled/veteran/gender identity/sexual orientation.

0046893 corporate finance
apply now




share

linkedin
twitter
email




about our location
san francisco office
view map 


sign up for our talent community
sign up


email addressselect your interestsjoin the wells fargo family, where we work together to help our customers and each other achieve success. explore our career opportunities and apply today. select a category and/or location to receive job alerts that match your interests then click “add.”categorylocationaddremove

confirm email















related jobs


performance engineer- apps systems engineer 4 - minneapolis, minnesota


intake leader - business initiatives manager - minneapolis, minnesota


analytic consultant 2 - business intelligence development on web portal for wells fargo marketing - san francisco, california




find jobs near you





working at wells fargo – our hiring process











graduation guide
graduation guide









community banking
community banking









making a difference
build long-term relationships and make a difference in your career. hear from ailsa ramos, a personal banker, about how she makes an impact in the liv











wells fargo is committed to hiring and retaining diverse team members including military veterans, veterans with disabilities, and transitioning military personnel. we are working to increase diverse representation throughout the company and create an inclusive environment for all team members. when recruiting, we work with talent resources that focus on diversity and veterans. we attend veteran-focused job fairs and identify military veteran job seekers through resources like military.com, recruit military.com, hire vets first, our internal veterans’ team member network and others. to learn more about career opportunities with our company, please visit us at wellsfargo.com/careers.
we also welcome you to visit our military employment portal at wellsfargo-veterans.jobs. this innovative platform allows service men and women preparing to transition into civilian life to use their current military occupation code (moc) or military occupation specialty (mos) to easily find civilian jobs on corporate career sites. this technology provides the cornerstone all companies need to start effectively communicating their available employment opportunities to military men and women who are transitioning into civilian life.









legal notices
eeo is the law
site map

relevant military experience is considered for veterans and transitioning service men and women. wells fargo is an affirmative action and equal opportunity employer, minority/female/disabled/veteran/gender identity/sexual orientation. 
© 2017 wells fargo bank, n.a. all rights reserved.
















-->
	
	









