













 bank of america job - data leak prevention analyst , simi valley, ca; chicago, il; charlotte, nc; charlotte, nc; addison, tx;  - united states













skip to main content
menu





navigation

home 
our company

our business


working here

culture, inclusion, people
military & veterans
benefits & advantages
career development & learning
recruitment tips


locations
career areas

search jobs
events
applicants with disabilities

united states
change location

argentina
australia
bahamas
bahrain
belgium
brazil
canada
cayman islands
chile
china
colombia
costa rica 
france
germany
greece
hong kong
india
indonesia
ireland
isle of man
israel
italy
japan
jersey
lebanon
luxembourg
malaysia
mexico
monaco
netherlands
norway
panama
peru
philippines 
poland
portugal
russia
saudi arabia
singapore
south africa
south korea
spain
sweden
switzerland
taiwan 
thailand
turkey
united arab emirates
united kingdom
united states
uruguay
venezuela







search jobs





data leak prevention analyst
simi valley, ca; chicago, il; charlotte, nc; charlotte, nc; addison, tx;  - united states
job number: 17079710
back to job search results


apply now for this job >



job description

job description:bank of america is seeking a highly motivated information security engineer to join our global information security team. this role is focused on providing hands-on operational deployment and support for commercial and custom software applications, with an emphasis on mcafee data leak prevention (dlp) endpoint technology.you will be a key individual contributor responsible for researching, designing, engineering, implementing, and supporting information security technologies with a focus on microsoft environments. your primary duties include leveraging your in-depth technical knowledge to manage and enhance the dlp endpoint suite by providing direct application administration and troubleshooting, policy analysis/reviews, and controls management.this role will be providing day to day support for the primary sme. this team member will be doing access requests, policy design and deployment, software installation and assisting with the deployment and maintenance of the monitoring devices.required skills & experience:top 3 skills:mcafee dlp experienceaggressive independent troubleshootingholistic understanding of data identify and risk modelingensure adherence to standard project management processes, and also drive for similarsystems engineering and deployment experience. (3 to 5 years minimum)proficient in windows and linux access systems. must be able to identify, analyze and address problems to resolve issues whenever possible in way that minimizes negative impact and risk to the organizationa broad knowledge of information security principlesability to work independently on initiatives with little oversight. motivated and willing to learn.strong analytical skills/problem solving/conceptual thinking.effective communication skillsmust be comfortable in delivering messages across a wide spectrum of individuals having varying degrees of technical understandingmust have strong leadership skills and qualities which enable you to work with peers and various levels of managementdesired skills & experience:network architecture and troubleshooting, focused on switching and monitoring.intermediate database administration experience and knowledge of sql.previous bank of america experience or other large financial institution experience.sans giac and mcse (windows server or sql server) certifications are a big plus.enterprise role overview:key individual contributor, with accountability for researching, designing, engineering, implementing, and supporting information security & directory technology systems (software & hardware). utilizes in-depth technical knowledge and business requirements to design & implement secure solutions to meet customer / client needs while protecting the bank's assets. develops and implements security standards, procedures, and guidelines for multiple platforms and diverse environment (e.g. client server, distributed, mainframe, etc.). exercises judgment within broadly defined practices and policies in selecting methods, techniques, and evaluation criterion for obtaining results. work leadership may be provided by assigning work and resolving problems. typically 5-7 years of it experience.


posting date: 12/04/2017 
location: simi valley, ca, 450 american st (ca6921), chicago, il, 135 s la salle st (il4135), charlotte, nc, 201 n tryon st (nc1022), charlotte, nc, 13510 ballantyne corporate pl (nc2109), addison, tx, 16001 n dallas pkwy (tx8044),  - united states 

travel: yes, 5% of the time 


full / part-time: full time 
hours per week: 40 
shift: 1st shift  




already have a candidate profile? log in to access and update your current profile to access and update your current profile.  
assistance for applicants with disabilities
bank of america is committed to ensuring that our online application process provides an equal employment opportunity to all job seekers, including individuals with disabilities. if you believe you need a reasonable accommodation in order to search for a job opening or to submit an application, please visit the applicants with disabilities page. 
diversity & inclusion
at bank of america, our commitment to diversity and inclusion is helping us to create not only a great place to work, but also an environment where our employees, our customers and our communities around the world can reach their goals and connect with each other. all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. 
frequently asked questions 
need to know how to apply online, view a list of your submitted job applications or reset your password? visit our faq section for answers to these questions and more.

bank of america employees
bank of america employees should access the internal jobs database.






return to top


faq | 
events | 
campus | 
about us | 
returning job seekers | 
pay transparency | 
privacy policy | 
eeo statement | 
site map 


© bank of america, n.a. member fdic. equal housing lender. © 2014 bank of america corporation. all rights reserved.

follow us:

go to twitter page

twitter page :  bofa_careers
twitter page :  ml_careers


go to facebook page
go to linkedin page

linkedin page :  bank of america
linkedin page :  merrill lynch 






life's better when we're connected 








thanks for your interest in this job
we're updating our website and regret that we cannot accept your job application right now. please try again after 1 a.m. gmt monday, 12 december. 
thank you for your patience!
life’s better when we’re connected ®











