




capital markets-apps systems engineer 1 description at wells fargo






























skip navigation






close

our benefits
our values
our hiring process



social media

twitter
linkedin
youtube
glassdoor
facebook













search our jobs

search our jobs

keyword



location



radius
select
5 miles
15 miles
25 miles
35 miles
50 miles



search our jobs




    in order to provide you with a better search experience, we will be performing scheduled site maintenance starting saturday 12/16, 6:00am cst through 2:00pm cst. you will not be able to apply for jobs during this maintenance period. we are sorry for any inconvenience this may have caused but we look forward to you continuing your search soon.





job description
capital markets-apps systems engineer 1
apply now
job id 5374570 schedule type reg-time work hours 40 location san francisco, california, new york, new york, charlotte, north carolina;

job descriptionlead java ui developer for a growing electronic trading group in the fx space across multiple functional areas including pricing, credit, and automated trading.  candidate is responsible for the full lifecycle of ui development from wireframe sketches and layout up to production rollouts, with some degree of trading floor support.  candidate will be hands on building and maintaining real-time data sources, server to client communication, and ui threading techniques to support a constantly updating dataset of market data, client quotes, orders and trades.  candidate will work directly with traders and product management to design and build responsive desktop uis with near real time updates of multiple blotters and pricing panels.  we are seeking someone with proven experience building complex uis for trading desks, preferably fx.required qualifications5+ years of application development experience3+ years of securities industry experiencea bs/ba degree or higher5 + years of core java experience5+ years of gui (graphical user interface) development experience3+ years of trading systems development or implementation experience1+ year of low latency systems development or implementation experience3+ years of multi-threading experiencedesired qualificationsadvanced experience in capital markets business and processesbasic knowledge and understanding of mathematical modelingbasic knowledge and understanding of sec, fnra, and international regulations for building technological solutions1+ year of spring experience2+ years of javascript framework experience (yui, angular, node)2+ years of jms (java message service) experience1+ year of jira experience1+ year of pl/sql experienceother desired qualifications experience implementing messaging patterns using solace experience using javafx experience with akka framework ability to communicate effectively with traders and other front office users ability to troubleshoot production issuesstreet addressny-new york: 150 e 42nd st - new york, nyca-sf-financial district: 333 market st - san francisco, cany-new york: 375 park ave - new york, nyny-new york: 540 madison ave - new york, nync-charlotte: 401 s tryon st - charlotte, ncdisclaimerall offers for employment with wells fargo are contingent upon the candidate having successfully completed a criminal background check.  wells fargo will consider qualified candidates with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable local, state and federal law, including section 19 of the federal deposit insurance act.relevant military experience is considered for veterans and transitioning service men and women.wells fargo is an affirmative action and equal opportunity employer, minority/female/disabled/veteran/gender identity/sexual orientation.

0014092 corporate finance
apply now




share

linkedin
twitter
email




about our location
san francisco office
view map 


sign up for our talent community
sign up


email addressselect your interestsjoin the wells fargo family, where we work together to help our customers and each other achieve success. explore our career opportunities and apply today. select a category and/or location to receive job alerts that match your interests then click “add.”categorylocationaddremove

confirm email















related jobs


performance engineer- apps systems engineer 4 - minneapolis, minnesota


intake leader - business initiatives manager - minneapolis, minnesota


analytic consultant 2 - business intelligence development on web portal for wells fargo marketing - san francisco, california




find jobs near you





working at wells fargo – our hiring process











giving back
hear from gigi dixon, director of strategic partnerships for diversity & inclusion & strategic philanthropy talk about her work and passion for giving









careers for veterans
careers for veterans









it
it











wells fargo is committed to hiring and retaining diverse team members including military veterans, veterans with disabilities, and transitioning military personnel. we are working to increase diverse representation throughout the company and create an inclusive environment for all team members. when recruiting, we work with talent resources that focus on diversity and veterans. we attend veteran-focused job fairs and identify military veteran job seekers through resources like military.com, recruit military.com, hire vets first, our internal veterans’ team member network and others. to learn more about career opportunities with our company, please visit us at wellsfargo.com/careers.
we also welcome you to visit our military employment portal at wellsfargo-veterans.jobs. this innovative platform allows service men and women preparing to transition into civilian life to use their current military occupation code (moc) or military occupation specialty (mos) to easily find civilian jobs on corporate career sites. this technology provides the cornerstone all companies need to start effectively communicating their available employment opportunities to military men and women who are transitioning into civilian life.









legal notices
eeo is the law
site map

relevant military experience is considered for veterans and transitioning service men and women. wells fargo is an affirmative action and equal opportunity employer, minority/female/disabled/veteran/gender identity/sexual orientation. 
© 2017 wells fargo bank, n.a. all rights reserved.
















-->
	
	









