




apps systems engineer 6 description at wells fargo






























skip navigation






close

our benefits
our values
our hiring process



social media

twitter
linkedin
youtube
glassdoor
facebook













search our jobs

search our jobs

keyword



location



radius
select
5 miles
15 miles
25 miles
35 miles
50 miles



search our jobs




    in order to provide you with a better search experience, we will be performing scheduled site maintenance starting saturday 12/16, 6:00am cst through 2:00pm cst. you will not be able to apply for jobs during this maintenance period. we are sorry for any inconvenience this may have caused but we look forward to you continuing your search soon.





job description
apps systems engineer 6
apply now
job id 5374804 schedule type reg-time work hours 40 location charlotte, north carolina;

job descriptionthis position will play technical lead, application system engineer role for foreign exchange applications. this position will involve in development,support and maintaince of front office applications, which include trade,compliance and instructions processing along with support for such applications.required qualifications10+ years of application development and implementation experience10+ years of java experience10+ years of jms (java message service) experience7+ years of pl/sql experience10+ years of experience with software development life cycle (sdlc) tools5 + years of json (javascript object notation) development experiencedesired qualificationsexcellent verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skillsother desired qualifications experience of working with front-to-back office system integration & implementation strong attention to detail, analytic, team player, and highly self-motivated. work toward deadlines ability to work on-call rotation and off hours as work requires demonstrated experience in an agile development environment and test driven development development experience with object orientation, polymorphism, reflection, and interfaces ui experience with angular  with javascript development experience with java, jee , spring jdbc, mybatis, xml, restful services development experience with coherence cache data grid (any other distributed cache technology is fine too) experience writing pl/sql oracle -experienced with jms, mq and web services understanding application servers like jboss, web logic experience is building large distributed systems catering to high volume and low latency distribute caching such as coherencestreet addressnc-charlotte: 301 s college st - charlotte, ncnc-charlotte: 301 s tryon st - charlotte, ncnc-charlotte: 401 s tryon st - charlotte, ncnc-charlotte: 1525 w wt harris blvd - charlotte, ncdisclaimerall offers for employment with wells fargo are contingent upon the candidate having successfully completed a criminal background check.  wells fargo will consider qualified candidates with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable local, state and federal law, including section 19 of the federal deposit insurance act.relevant military experience is considered for veterans and transitioning service men and women.wells fargo is an affirmative action and equal opportunity employer, minority/female/disabled/veteran/gender identity/sexual orientation.

0074637 corporate finance
apply now




share

linkedin
twitter
email




about our location
charlotte office
view map 


sign up for our talent community
sign up


email addressselect your interestsjoin the wells fargo family, where we work together to help our customers and each other achieve success. explore our career opportunities and apply today. select a category and/or location to receive job alerts that match your interests then click “add.”categorylocationaddremove

confirm email















related jobs


performance engineer- apps systems engineer 4 - minneapolis, minnesota


intake leader - business initiatives manager - minneapolis, minnesota


analytic consultant 2 - business intelligence development on web portal for wells fargo marketing - san francisco, california




find jobs near you





working at wells fargo – our hiring process











community banking
community banking









our social responsibility
csr









information technology
it











wells fargo is committed to hiring and retaining diverse team members including military veterans, veterans with disabilities, and transitioning military personnel. we are working to increase diverse representation throughout the company and create an inclusive environment for all team members. when recruiting, we work with talent resources that focus on diversity and veterans. we attend veteran-focused job fairs and identify military veteran job seekers through resources like military.com, recruit military.com, hire vets first, our internal veterans’ team member network and others. to learn more about career opportunities with our company, please visit us at wellsfargo.com/careers.
we also welcome you to visit our military employment portal at wellsfargo-veterans.jobs. this innovative platform allows service men and women preparing to transition into civilian life to use their current military occupation code (moc) or military occupation specialty (mos) to easily find civilian jobs on corporate career sites. this technology provides the cornerstone all companies need to start effectively communicating their available employment opportunities to military men and women who are transitioning into civilian life.









legal notices
eeo is the law
site map

relevant military experience is considered for veterans and transitioning service men and women. wells fargo is an affirmative action and equal opportunity employer, minority/female/disabled/veteran/gender identity/sexual orientation. 
© 2017 wells fargo bank, n.a. all rights reserved.
















-->
	
	









