


search for jobs -database engineer

















































please enable cookies to continue
please enable cookies in your browser to experience all the personalized features of this site, including the ability to apply for a job.







welcome page







returning candidate?

log back in!












database engineer


location

us-ca-san diego





job id

2015-42546


# of openings remaining

1


category

engineering


residency status

u.s. citizenship required


clearance

secret


employee type

regular


time type

full time









overview






vencore is a proven provider of information solutions, engineering and analytics for the u.s. government. with more than 40 years of experience working in the defense, civilian and intelligence communities, vencore designs, develops and delivers high impact, mission-critical services and solutions to overcome its customers most complex problems. headquartered in chantilly, virginia, vencore employs 3,800 engineers, analysts, it specialists and other professionals who strive to be the best at everything they do. vencore is an aa/eeo employer - minorities/women/veterans/disabled








responsibilities






designs, develops, builds, analyzes, evaluates and installs database management systems to include database modeling and design, relational database architecture, metadata and repository creation and configuration management. uses data mapping, data mining and data transformational analysis tools to design and develop databases. determines data storage and optimum storage requirements. prepares system requirements, source analysis and process analyses and design throughout the database implementation. evaluates, sizes and selects technology components, such as software, hardware, and networking capabilities, for database management systems and application databases. writes and tunes sql queries for performance and scalability. implements comprehensive backup and database replication solutions.








qualifications






requires 5 to 8 years with bs/ba or 3 to 5 years with ms/ma or 0 to 2 years with phd. desirable:sharepoint development and administration - experience in managing and maintaining sharepoint sites and lists, sharepoint designer, nintex workflows, as well as html, css, and javascript (jquery & angular js)general understanding of project management principles and processesexperience in planning and executing software development projects (agile or scrum)





options

apply for this job onlineapplysharesubmit employee referralrefer


sorry the share function is not working properly at this moment. please refresh the page and try again later.

share on your newsfeed




create your talent network profile




not ready to apply? connect with us for general consideration.







share
|








vencore is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer

application faqssoftware powered by icimswww.icims.com









