




rf engineer- data analyst description at general atomics






















skip navigation






jobs by category

a&p/mechanics, avionics/electronics, logistics, product support, supply chain management jobs
a&p/mechanics, manufacturing jobs
a&p/mechanics, product support, technicians jobs
a&p/mechanics, technicians jobs
accounting and finance jobs
administrative jobs
administrative, legal/regulatory services jobs
administrative, safety jobs
administrative, strategic development jobs
airframe and powerplant jobs
avionics jobs
avionics/electronics, engineering, technicians jobs
avionics/electronics, manufacturing jobs
avionics/electronics, marketing jobs
avionics/electronics, product support, technicians jobs
business development jobs
business development, information technology jobs
business development, product support, program/project management jobs
business development, program/project management jobs
business development, program/project management, strategic development jobs
contracts and procurement jobs
contracts/sub contracts/purchasing, finance/accounting jobs
contracts/sub contracts/purchasing, information technology jobs
contracts/sub contracts/purchasing, legal/regulatory services jobs
contracts/sub contracts/purchasing, program/project management jobs
contracts/sub contracts/purchasing, quality jobs
electromagnetic systems jobs
engineering jobs
engineering, facilities jobs
engineering, information technology jobs
engineering, information technology, product support, scientists jobs
engineering, manufacturing jobs
engineering, product support jobs
engineering, program/project management jobs
engineering, safety jobs
engineering, scientists jobs
engineering, technicians jobs
facilities jobs
facilities, program/project management, safety jobs
finance/accounting, product support, program/project management jobs
finance/accounting, program/project management jobs
finance/accounting, program/project management, strategic development jobs
human resources jobs
information technology jobs
information technology, manufacturing jobs
information technology, quality jobs
internships jobs
legal jobs
logistics jobs
logistics, program/project management jobs
manufacturing jobs
manufacturing, material and production control jobs
manufacturing, product support jobs
manufacturing, product support, technicians jobs
manufacturing, technicians jobs
marketing jobs
material and production control, product support, supply chain management jobs
pilot jobs
product support jobs
product support, supply chain management jobs
program manager jobs
program/project management, supply chain management jobs
quality jobs
quality, safety jobs
safety jobs
safety, scientists jobs
scientist jobs
supply chain management jobs
technician jobs



jobs by company

general atomics
general atomics aeronautical systems
general atomics systems integration
diazyme



jobs by location 
adelanto jobs
alabama jobs
albuquerque jobs
arizona jobs
beaver creek jobs
california jobs
china lake jobs
district of columbia jobs
fort drum jobs
georgia jobs
grand forks jobs
hinesville jobs
huntsville jobs
indian springs jobs
livermore jobs
march air force base jobs
mississippi jobs
nevada jobs
new mexico jobs
new york jobs
north dakota jobs
ohio jobs
palmdale jobs
san diego jobs
sierra vista jobs
spanish fork jobs
tupelo jobs
united states jobs
utah jobs
washington jobs



browse by job groups 
palmdale facilities jobs
san diego legal jobs
san diego logistics jobs
spanish fork manufacturing jobs
san diego manufacturing, material and production control jobs
san diego manufacturing, technicians jobs
san diego engineering, information technology jobs
san diego internships jobs
san diego engineering, manufacturing jobs
huntsville engineering jobs
palmdale engineering jobs
san diego human resources jobs
palmdale airframe and powerplant jobs
palmdale manufacturing jobs
huntsville electromagnetic systems jobs
san diego facilities jobs
san diego supply chain management jobs
san diego contracts and procurement jobs
san diego manufacturing jobs
adelanto manufacturing jobs
palmdale avionics jobs
palmdale pilot jobs
san diego program manager jobs
san diego quality jobs
adelanto engineering jobs
san diego information technology jobs
san diego accounting and finance jobs
san diego electromagnetic systems jobs
san diego engineering jobs




























search jobs
search


keyword search



city, state, or zip



search radius
radius
5 miles
15 miles
25 miles
35 miles
50 miles



search








rf engineer- data analyst
date posted 10/10/2017

job id#: 14590brcompany: general atomics aeronautical systemsjob title: rf engineer- data analystjob category: engineeringcity: san diegostate: californiafull-time/part-time: full-time salaryjob summarygeneral atomics aeronautical systems, inc. (ga-asi), an affiliate of general atomics, is a world leader in proven, reliable remotely piloted aircraft and tactical reconnaissance radars, as well as advanced high-resolution surveillance systems.we recognize and appreciate the value and contributions of individuals with diverse backgrounds and experiences and welcome all qualified individuals to apply.we have an exciting opportunity for a data analyst to join mission systems, in support of the signal processing team, in rancho bernardo, ca. this employee will work closely with tactical teams of system developers including antenna engineers, rf/electrical engineers, software developers, and algorithm developers, to collect system data and analyze performance, suggest new tests, and contribute to all phases of the program lifecycle. candidate should have willingness to be involved with all phases of the product development cycle. the ideal candidate will have experience with signal processing, modeling and simulation, data analysis, array processing, and rf waveforms.duties & responsibilities:develop matlab scripts to visualize laboratory and field data.use a broad array of data analysis techniques to identify systems issues, characterize performance, and find trends within measured data from a wide array of rf systems ranging from hf to uhf.under general directions with limited review, this position is responsible for applying innovative approaches to resolving unusual or complex engineering problems. assignments are normally outlined in terms of overall objectives and reviewed largely at completion. initiates the planning of engineering projects and develops innovative designs or modifications in order to meet project goals. independently performs difficult/complex engineering work with instructions as to the general expected results.documents findings, communicates results to engineering staff, makes technical presentations, and may represent the organization as the prime technical contact on small contracts or single component projects. provides direction to design or technical staff and may lead a team of moderately experienced professional staff. essential functions include: 1.supports operation of engineering systems and documents any problems. 2.devises new approaches to resolve unusual or complex engineering problems. 3.troubleshoot conflicting design/development requirements, difficult coordination requirements, and special material requirements. 4.provides documentation and makes technical presentations as required. 5.may represent the organization as the prime technical contact on small contracts or single component projects. 6.provides direction to design or technical staff and may lead a team of moderately experienced professional staff. 7.maintains the strict confidentiality of sensitive information. 8.performs other duties as assigned. 9.responsible for observing all laws, regulations and other applicable obligations wherever and whenever business is conducted on behalf of the company. expected to work in a safe manner in accordance with established operating procedures and practices.job qualificationstypically requires a bachelors degree, masters degree or phd in engineering or a related technical discipline from an accredited institution and progressive engineering experience as follows; six or more years of experience with a bachelors degree, four or more years of experience with a masters degree, or two or more years with a phd. may substitute equivalent engineering experience in lieu of education. must have a thorough understanding of engineering concepts, principles, codes, and theory; experience demonstrating a broad application of those concepts; and, expanding knowledge of principles, concepts, theory, and practices in related technical specialties. must possess the ability to develop and communicate new concepts; apply them accurately throughout an evolving environment; organize, schedule, and coordinate work phases; and, determine the appropriate approach at the task level or, with assistance, at the project level to provide solutions to a range of complex problems. must have strong communication, computer, documentation, presentation, and interpersonal skills, ability to work independently and as part of a team; able to perform complex tasks in one or more engineering areas; capable of representing the organization as a prime technical contact and, lead a team of moderately experienced professional employees on single component projects. must be customer focused and able to work on a self- initiated basis or in a team environment and able to work extended hours and travel as required.a professional engineering license and original work published in professional engineering journals are desirable.experience using core signal processing techniques (ffts, digital filters, digital down conversion, psk fsk waveforms)ability to clearly visualize and plot data in meaningful waysproblem solving skills – especially in the context of data analysis matlab modeling, simulation, and data analysisdesired skills include: c, c++ programmingexperience with rf direction finding techniquesexperience with array processing techniquesexperience with broadband rf and bi-static or multi-static radarlaboratory experience with spectrum analyzers, signal generators, network analyzerspresentation (oral and written) skillsa professional engineering license, original work(s) published in professional engineering journals, invited to present one or more original works to an engineering symposium, and invited and/or participated on an engineering review panel are desirable.must be able to obtain and maintain a dod security clearance. (clearance requires u.s. citizenship and no criminal or credit issues.)travel percentage required  0% - 25%clearance required?  desired

apply now
send to friend



sign up for job alerts
first namelast nameemail addressphone numbercurrent companycurrent titlekeywords: sign up for alerts by choosing a category and/or location. start typing for suggestions and click the button to add your alerts before submitting. you must have at least one alert in the list below in order to subscribe.interested incategorylocationaddremove

confirm email












job matching
with just one click and a connection to linkedin we can find jobs for you that best matches your experience.
start matching




©2017 general atomics. all rights reserved. legal contact
general atomics and affiliated companies is committed to hiring and retaining a diverse workforce. we are an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer and will consider all qualified applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, pregnancy, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, national origin, age, genetic information, protected veteran status, disability, or any other basis protected by local, state, or federal law. eeo is the law. to learn more click here. we prohibit compensation discrimination under all applicable laws. to learn more click here. u.s. citizenship is required for certain positions.
we endeavor to make the online job application process accessible to any and all users. if you have a disability that impacts your ability to complete the job application process and would like to request assistance or a reasonable accommodation, please contact our human resources department at (858) 455-4545, or click here. this contact information is for accommodation requests only, not to inquire about the status of applications.












