


decisive analytics corporation : careers :cloud computing software engineer














































please enable cookies to continue
please enable cookies in your browser to experience all the personalized features of this site, including the ability to apply for a job.







welcome page







returning candidate?

log back in!












cloud computing software engineer


job locations

us-ca-san diego | us-va-arlington





id

2017-2226


security clearance requirements

top secret sci









overview






decisive analytics corporation is seeking software engineers interested in the exciting field of machine learning software development. in this role, you will work on exciting national security problems and help our clients turn their sea of data into actionable information. working as part of a talented team, you will work at the intersection of software engineering, machine learning, and the standard big data technology stack.








responsibilities






develop user interface and data access components to incorporate analytic results into user workflowsensure software components are scalable and secure for integration into customer cloud enterprisesimplement and integrate cutting edge algorithms to answer complex questions using massive collections of text, video, and imagery data.execute standard software development activities including design, development, implementation, test, documentation, and support using agile software engineering principles








qualifications






required qualifications:us citizenbachelor’s degree or higher in computer science, engineering, or a related discipline1-3 years of experience developing software in java in industry or course workexcellent verbal and written communication skillsstrong team player who can effectively contribute to project developmentmust have an sci security clearance or be able to obtain an sci clearance upon hirepreferred qualifications:experience with or course work exposure to standard big data technologies (e.g., mapreduce, spark, storm)demonstrated interest in machine learning algorithms through course work or projects








eeo statement






all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, protected veteran status or disability. vevraa federal contractor





options

apply for this job onlineapplysharerefer this job to a friendrefer


sorry the share function is not working properly at this moment. please refresh the page and try again later.

share on your newsfeed




connect with us!




if you are not ready to apply or do not see a position of interest, click the 'connect with us' link to:  
* sign up for job alerts that align with your interests (based on the criteria you set)
* be visible for future opportunities in a function or location that best suits your background and desires
* receive updates from our organization






application faqssoftware powered by icimswww.icims.com









