luth research software engineer | smartrecruiters

software engineer1365 fourth ave, san diego, ca 92101, usafull-timecompany descriptionare you a fun, spirited, hardworking individual who loves to sell and with a can-do attitude? then, join our team of successful employees. the entire team at luth research take pride in hiring diverse individuals of all backgrounds. we believe what makes a top-notch employee is personality, attitude and work ethic combined with solid skills and experience. located in the heart of beautiful sunny san diego, luth research has been a leading market research business for 40 years, growing rapidly in the process by advancing next generation consumer intelligence with innovative market research approaches for decades from data collection to digital tracking. thus our commitment to innovation and technology is driving much needed change in the market research industry. while providing multiple opportunities for growth from within, what we offer you is an amazing chance to advance your career. luth research seeks team members that model our core values: passionate and driven, delivering excellence, embracing and driving change, career growth and development, and keeping it fun. together, our vision is to connect millions of minds and devices worldwide to inspire business decisions.job descriptionluth research seeks software engineer responsible for all phases of engineering of savvyconnect services, including design, implementation, test, maintenance and operational support.  you will be responsible for multiple services, from those that provide support to mobile apps, to those that collect data from mobile and desktop devices and perform real-time data processing in a very demanding environment, to those that provide internal business services.if you have experience as a software engineer and are interested in working collaboratively in a growth environment, apply to become part of our dedicated team today.essential job functions and responsibilities:utilize your considerable creativity to design elegant and effective software-based services that solve difficult problems. communicate your design effectively to the software development manager and quickly adapt the design based on feedback received.demonstrate your ability to get stuff done quickly by rapidly developing prototypes that determine operational feasibility, mitigate risks/unknowns and solidify designs prior to final implementation.exhibit superior craftsmanship by writing code that is well structured, efficient, maintainable and extensible.prove your agility by being able to juggle ongoing development and maintenance of multiple services.continuously learn and evolve your knowledge of leading edge technologies and software engineering practices, to ensure you and the team keep moving forward and incorporate improvements on a timely basis.show us your excellent personal software development process by following a structured yet agile approach to designs, prototypes implementations, testing, deployment and production support.efficiently nurture your solutions in the production environment, by ensuring adequate monitoring is in the place, and keep an eye on them to make sure they are doing what is expected. effectively troubleshoot and resolve problems, and ensure other teams impacted by production are kept informed.do all this while working well with others and having fun.other job functions and responsibilities:commitment: knowledgeable about market research, dedicated to the goals of the company while promoting a positive culture to ensure good relationships, overall satisfaction and profitability. accessibility: must be able to access and function within areas key to productivity. adequate manual dexterity to operate assigned and shared office equipment. ability to travel on periodic overnight and extended stays, and work extended hours when necessary.communications: must speak clearly and fluently to communicate on a wide range of topics. above average reading comprehension, and grammatically correct written communication skills. must have the ability to understand and respond intelligently to business correspondence. interpersonal skills as needed to persuade, manage conflict, debate and negotiate. response to pressure should be calm and reasonable. technical: must demonstrate a high proficiency in understanding and working with basic software and computer skills, to include microsoft outlook, excel, powerpoint and word.judgment: comprehension of job requirements and procedures. can initiate and perform work assignments under minimal supervision that may be broad, varied, and complex in nature. employee must have the ability to use educated and intuitive judgment to make decisions.flexibility: must be able to work in a shifting environment with ability to juggle and prioritize multiple, competing tasks and demands and to seek supervisory assistance as appropriate.analysis: mathematical aptitude; use of numeric calculations for accuracy of reports and tasks.  organization: organizational and time management skills sufficient to plan and accomplish assigned goals. logic: deductive reasoning ability to enable the appropriate application of general concepts to specific situations. able to translate theory into business practices. employee must apply experience, skills and information to identify problems and plan strategic resolutions.work ethics: must be willing to work hard, be dependable and responsible, possess a positive attitude and maintain a sense of honesty and integrity. core values: luth research and its employees are committed to our core values; passionate and driven * delivering excellence * embracing and driving change * career growth and development * keeping it fun.qualificationseducation, experience and skills:bs or ms (preferred) in computer science or related field of study. demonstrated ability to design and implement varied and complex software solutions for business use. prior professional exposure to soa-based architectures and development of software-based services.able to quickly identify and leverage open source solutions to accelerate development and improve quality.prior experience and knowledge of databases, and ability to write complex sql queries for data analysis.prior experience with one or more agile technologies/software development lifecycle models. (preferred) experience developing and maintaining software in big data environments.strong conceptual understanding of modern computer science and software engineering concepts and how to apply them to solve complex business problems.  solid understanding of oo concepts and how to apply them.detail-oriented with the aptitude to apply deductive and inductive reasoning to identify issues and perform highly technical troubleshooting.ability to design and develop code using a variety of languages, most notably java and python.good understanding of linux, from both a software development and production support perspective.ability to independently research and find answers to problems/issues.effective at communicating issues, problems, and concerns to management.team player and effective communicator, particularly with respect to software design, implementation and testing activities.flexible schedule with the ability to work some nights and weekends.luth research is committed to the principles of equal employment opportunities and to making employment decisions based on merit and value. we will comply with all federal, state and local laws providing equal employment opportunities, as well as all laws related to terms and conditions of employment.additional informationall your information will be kept confidential according to eeo guidelines.job locationi'm interestedi'm interestedrefer a friendshare this jobpowered by