



servicenow careers - software engineer



























 

















                software engineer | 13611                                             

    
    

                            engineering, infrastructure and operations            
                    san diego,
                            california
                
                        



        apply
    


description

software engineersan diego, cathis position reports to: manager, ux engineeringservicenow is changing the way people work. with a service-orientation toward the activities, tasks and processes that make up day-to-day work life, we help the modern enterprise operate faster and be more scalable than ever before.  come join the ux engineering platform team and work with a talented group of developers building out next generation technologies in the servicenow cloud platform. this team is responsible for the innovation, features, and architecture that make servicenow a powerful platform used by many fortune 500 companies. you will have the opportunity to work on exciting technologies such as mobile, ui componentry, predictive intelligence, workflow & automation, and developer tools & ide. what we are looking for:you are an engineer that is passionate about building great user experiences, is generally excited about new front-end technologies, and is ready to push the boundaries of what is achievable. you are looking for challenges and opportunities and have the ability and desire to bring new ideas. you are enthusiastic about working in the latest technologies, such as react, redux, and graphql. you are a team player and will work with other experienced co-workers to help us evolve the technology stack to build modern and awesome user experience for our customers. you must possess a solid understanding of building amazing, performant and scalable user interfaces with large scale data, an obsession with design aesthetics, and engineering excellence.what you get to do in this role:build highly interactive web-based application uis that can scale with application complexitycreate tools, libraries, and frameworks for other developers to build uponwork with a strong set of teams to improve developing and deploying applications and customizationsapply new technology and innovation to improve platform functionalitydeliver and outstanding experience for our customers in order to be successful in this role, we need someone who has:3+ years of software industry experiencepassion for software development and problem solvingexperience designing and implementing highly interactive user interfaces for high volume web applicationsexperience working with javascript libraries such as angularjs, bootstrap, react, node.js, jquery, and prototypeknowledge of ajax, json, html, xml, css, soap, rest and associated frameworksfamiliarity with java or a similar oo languagefamiliarity with relational databases and sqlstrong written and verbal communicationexperience with open source technologies like linux, apache/tomcat and mysqlbachelor’s/master's degree in computer science or a related disciplinewe provide competitive compensation, generous benefits and a professional atmosphere. this is a very collaborative and inclusive work environment where individuals strong on aptitude and attitude will have an opportunity to grow their professional careers through working with some of the most advanced technology and talented developers in the business.all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, national origin, age, disability, gender identity, or veteran status. 
servicenow is an equal employment opportunity employer. all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, national origin, age, disability, gender identity, or veteran status.   if you are an individual with a disability and require a reasonable accommodation to complete any part of the application process, or are limited in the ability or unable to access or use this online application process and need an alternative method for applying, you may contact us at (408) 501-8550, or staffing@servicenow.com for assistance.



        apply
    

        apply later    


            ← back to current openings        




share





linkedin




facebook




twitter




email






similar jobs





                                    {{ job.title }}
                                












powered by jobvite











