














career opportunities: software engineer (17903) 


























javascript is turned off in your web browser. turn it on to take full advantage of this site, then refresh the page.

loading...














skip to main content












career opportunities: software engineer (17903)




















req id 17903 - posted 10/20/2016 - san diego, ca - information technology - secret



 &nbspjob description print preview









	                  apply
	                 
	         	 
              




                  apply using linkedin™
                 
               
              







	                  save job
	                





	                  email job to friend
	                





                  return to list
                







 






are you passioniate about solving challenging problems?
do you thrive being a critical part of an elite team of like-minded people?
how would you like for your next career move to take you to the next level?
if any of this sounds appealing, look no further.
 
position description: 
novetta has an exciting opportunity for a self-motivated and accomplished software engineer to join our engineering team. 
 
in this role you will:

perform systems engineering activities for naval joint c4i military operations and maritime command and control programs
integrate existing navy c4i software components with next generation systems and data sources
implement front-end visualization components for web-based applications
design and develop web service components to expose and consume critical navy c4i data sources
utilize enterprise messaging systems for communication in a message oriented architecture

 
basic qualifications:

bachelor's degree (b.s./b.a.) in computer science, business information systems, or related field
excellent communication skills, both written and verbal
experience with html/html5, css/css3, javascript, ajax
experience with windows and/ or linux development environments
experience working with xml and xml-schema
experience designing and developing web services (rest / soap)
experience developing with the java programming language

 
desired skills:

demonstrated experience in naval joint c4i military operations and maritime command and control systems engineering and analysis
demonstrated experience operating and testing with mtc2 and agile core services (acs)
demonstrated experience developing software capabilities in a service oriented architecture (soa) and integrating with messaging enterprise services (i.e. pub-sub)
demonstrated experiences with open geospatial consortium (ogc) compliant services, 3d maps and ozone widget framework (owf) user-interfaces
demonstrated experience developing data strategies and implementing application interfaces for soa-based services web-enabled applications (i.e rest, universal description, discovery and integration (uddi), etc)
experience with document-based database management systems
achieved an iat certification in windows or linux

 
security clearance:

an active secret clearance is required

 
so what does novetta do?
we focus on three core areas: cyber, entity, and multi-int analytics. our products are focused on processing and analyzing vast amounts of data in these core areas. our services are focused on helping our customers move from complexity to clarity. at novetta, we bridge the gap between what our customers think they can do and what they aspire to achieve.
our culture is shaped by a commitment to our core values:
integrity: we hold ourselves accountable to the highest standards of integrity and ethics.
customer mission success: customer mission success drives our daily efforts—we strive always to exceed customer expectations and focus on mission success beyond contractual commitments.
employee focus: we value our employees and demonstrate our commitment to them by providing clear communications, outstanding benefits, career development, and opportunities to work on problems and technical challenges of national significance.
innovation: we believe that innovation is critical to our success – that discovering new and more effective ways to achieve customer mission success is what makes us a great company.
 
get a referral bonus for the great people you know! with our amazing referral program, you could be eligible to win outstanding rewards for referring qualified new hires to novetta.

novetta is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer. all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law.






 









	                  apply
	                 
	           	
              




                  apply using linkedin™
                 
              
              







	                  save job
	                





	                  email job to friend
	                





                  return to list
                






















email this job to a friend





 








 


 



the job has been sent to
          


 



please provide the information below



job title:
        




*your email address:
        




*your friend's email address:
        



message:
        
         maximum character limit: 1000







verification code:
        





*please enter the verification code here:
        














send
            




cancel
            












powered by successfactors










