

software engineer, networking in san diego, ca, 92121






































	you need to have javascript enabled in your browser to use this application.
	if you need help with this setting, please view our help doc.
	


it is recommended to have cookies enabled in your browser to use this application.
if you need help with this setting, please view our help doc.






need help?
email us: support@accolo.com

call us: 
 
         
        877.422.2656 ext 3 
         
         



software engineer, networking






this web application works best on firefox and chrome browsers.

software engineer, networking



you are an experienced software engineer looking for a new challenge. you seek an opportunity that will not only use your full range of programming skills and experience in building elegant software solutions, but will also produce software that has a positive impact on the modern technological world. webroot is looking for a software engineer like you to join a fast-paced, energetic team in our san diego location to build cutting-edge internet security applications. our team uses an eclectic mix of technologies and platforms to build cloud computing and service applications for consumer, business and enterprise customers worldwide. as our software engineer, you will use your current base of technical expertise, and learn and apply fresh technologies to engineer new applications and technology. if this challenging software engineer role sounds like a position where you could add value through your skills, and grow through your capacity and willingness to learn, apply today!

in this job you will:

build new features while improving the high availability, low latency, scalability and efficiency of our systems.
identify performance bottlenecks, failure points and develop new technology to enable future scalability.
build backend/client engine, authentication, and policy propagation
test efficiency and performance of server uptime
enhance engine's features and performance based on requirements

you bring to the table:

5+ years in software development in c/c++, cross platform in microsoft windows and linux development environments
knowledge on dns protocol, and understanding of different dns deployment models (internal/external) is a plus.
sql experience developing and optimizing complex queries
strong networking knowledge
low level socket networking experience is a plus.
experience in scripting languages
experience building distributed system
cloud-based computing (amazon)
experience in a high-performance, high-availability, and large-data volume product development.
ability to work within a team environment; outstanding verbal and written communication skills


at webroot, we do more than secure our customers' personal computers, mobile devices and networks. we also nurture our employees' most critical assets – their talents, experience, and career aspirations. webroot has the energy of a start-up with the strength and stability of an internet security market leader. we foster the innovative culture you'd expect of a company that's making a statement. webroot is a company in which you can invest yourself fully, knowing that you're not only protecting our customers around the world, but also that your talents and innovation will be recognized and rewarded. we encourage you to learn more about us and explore our job openings. secure your future. ensure the same for your career. principals only - no third parties, please. webroot inc. is an equal opportunity employer.


related keywords:
"software engineer", engineer, developer, programmer, c#, c, c++, windows, linux, sql, mysql, socket, http, dns, "cloud computing", security, malware, threat





job information

job id
webr-swengdns
company

                
                    
	 					webroot
                    
                    
                
            
location
san diego, california
position
software engineer
type
full time







apply online now








refer a friend today




                
--               
                
on social networks







print job description






 
loading...





