
















qualcomm careers - job detail












skip navigation













































toggle navigation   

qualcomm


search jobs

drop & go


my profile



how to apply & faqs








go to qualcomm careers












search jobs









myprofile


































job detail



















 







job id
												



													e1960808
												


job title
												

embedded software application engineer – telephony/ril




post date
													

11/28/2017
													






														company
													
														-
													
														division
													
												



																	qualcomm technologies, inc.
																
																	-
																
																	cdma technology
																
															





job area
												


													engineering - software                          
													




location
												


													california - san diego
													




job overview
													



we are looking for a talented, motivated and experienced software engineer with expertise to resolve/debug integration, testing and performance optimization issues of android ril, telephony and interface to modem in asics for smart phone/tablet products. responsible for guiding customers in designing, porting, and integration of data protocols on different platform/environments such as android, linux and etc. the role requires interfacing with handset developers, base-station inter-operability testing partners and wireless carriers worldwide.







all qualcomm employees are expected to actively support diversity on their teams, and in the company.



minimum qualifications
													



0 - 7 years experience in the following:experience in c/c++/java programming and debugging skillsembedded software debugging skills and hlos(linux/windows) knowledge.os concepts use of threads/mailbox/semaphore/mutex, linux internals, android internals (socket programming, process synchronization).



preferred qualifications
													



strong experience in android telephony and/or android ril for voice/uim/sms/ims volte/vt/mutil sim
strong knowledge on 3gpp nas protocols, multimode call control is plus 
experience working on any wireless technologies (umts, cdma 1x, evdo,ehrpd) is desirable
strong communication skills are preferred












education requirements
												


required: bachelor's, computer engineering and/or computer science and/or electrical engineeringpreferred: master's, computer engineering and/or computer science and/or electrical engineering




													keywords
												













														you will need to  
														login
														into your profile to apply for this job.
														
														if you are a  
														new user, click here
														to create a profile.
													




messages








 




return to search results


send this job to a friend



 

  


applicants:

												if you need an accommodation, during the application/hiring process, you may request an accommodation by sending email to accommodationsupport@qualcomm.com





to all staffing and recruiting agencies:

											our careers site is only for individuals seeking a job at qualcomm.
											staffing and recruiting agencies and individuals being represented
											by an agency are not authorized to use this site or to submit profiles,
											applications or resumes, and any such submissions will be considered
											unsolicited. qualcomm does not accept unsolicited resumes or applications
											from agencies. please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias,
											qualcomm employees or any other company location. qualcomm is not
											responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes/applications.
											





eeo employer: including race, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, disability & veterans status.

















about qualcomm
contact us
careers
offices


qualcomm


twitter
facebook
linkedin
youtube
googleplus
pinterest






terms of use
privacy
cookie policy
©2013 qualcomm incorporated and/or its subsidiaries. all rights reserved.

nothing in this material is an
						offer to sell any of the components or devices referenced herein.
						references to "qualcomm" may mean qualcomm incorporated, or
						subsidiaries or business units within the qualcomm corporate
						structure, as applicable.materials that are as of a specific date,
						including but not limited to press releases, presentations, blog
						posts and webcasts, may have been superseded by subsequent events
						or disclosures.










