


find a job - general dynamics mission systemsentry level software engineer


















































please enable cookies to continue
please enable cookies in your browser to experience all the personalized features of this site, including the ability to apply for a job.







welcome page







returning candidate?

log back in!












entry level software engineer




posted date

5 days ago



id

2017-29129



job location


usa-pa-pittsburgh


required clearance

top secret


category

engineering-software


employment type

college


hiring company

gdms - legacy gdc4s rate structure









basic qualifications  






bachelor's degree in software engineering or a related technical field, or equivalent experience is required. agile experience preferred. clearance requirements:department of defense top secret security clearance is required at the time of hire. applicants selected will be subject to a u.s. government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information. due to the nature of work performed within our facilities, u.s. citizenship is required.








responsibilities for this position






general dynamics mission systems has an immediate opening for a entry level software engineer.  this position provides an opportunity to further advance the cutting-edge technology that supports some of our nation’s core defense/intelligence services and systems.  general dynamics mission systems employees work closely with esteemed customers to develop solutions that allow them to carry out high-stakes national security missions. do you like knowing that your work has life-saving value?  do you like the squeak of dry-erase markers on a giant whiteboard, or a lively debate about a user’s optimal experience, or the view of the south side slopes, or the autonomy to accomplish your goals as you see fit, or board game lunches?  do you like the kind of day where you learn so many new skills that your brain feels like it just ate thanksgiving dinner?  sound intriguing?  viz is looking for people like you: smart, creative, and fun. we make software that interactively visualizes data.  we make software that enables massive collaboration.  we make software that supports our men and women in the military, that smoothes the way of emergency responders here at home, that offers insight to researchers and data analysts.   we’re a passionate, close-knit group of inter-disciplinary thinkers and doers that craft truly one-of-a-kind software used all over the world, and we do it from our cozy-casual office here in pittsburgh. in this role, you will:assist in software requirements analysis, design, development and testing for software enhancements and new productsapply the appropriate standards, processes, procedures, and tools throughout the system development life cycle to support the generation of technical engineering productssupport and develop our technical culture by being engaged, intellectually curious, friendly, motivated to solve complex problems, and inspired to deliver superior user-centered designparticipate in internal reviews of software components and systemscandidates should have demonstrated strengths and experience in some of the following areas:user interface developmentcomputer science theory (e.g., data structures, algorithms, computational complexity)appreciation for user-centric designattention to qualityfull use and understanding of software engineering concepts, principles, and theorieseffective communication and attention to detailprogramming skills:strong fundamentals in data structures and algorithmssolid object oriented programming and software design skillsproficient in one of the following: java, c#, c++, or javascript (using object oriented techniques)web services knowledge (html, css, javascript, jquery, xml and related ajax technologies) other beneficial experience: experience with version control systemsconcurrent programming and building multi-threaded systemsmemory and cpu profilingdata modeling and writing efficient structured query language (sql) statementsexperience building large-scale mission-critical applicationsexperience with distributed systemsmobile developmentdirect-manipulation user interfacesinformation visualizationhci courseworkpreferred degree types and experience:bachelor’s degree in software engineering, computer science or computer engineering








company overview






general dynamics mission systems (gdms) engineers a diverse portfolio of high technology solutions, products and services that enable customers to successfully execute missions across all domains of operation.  with a global team of 13,000+ top professionals, we partner with the best in industry to expand the bounds of innovation in the defense and scientific arenas.  given the nature of our work and who we are, we value trust, honesty, alignment and transparency.  we offer highly competitive benefits and pride ourselves in being a great place to work with a shared sense of purpose.  you will also enjoy a flexible work environment where contributions are recognized and rewarded.  if who we are and what we do resonates with you, we invite you to join our high performance team! general dynamics is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer that is committed to hiring a diverse and talented workforce.  eoe/disability/veteran





apply

apply for this job onlineapplysharerefer this job to a friendrefer


sorry the share function is not working properly at this moment. please refresh the page and try again later.

share on your newsfeed




connect with us!




connect with us





interested in this opportunity?  socialize this job opportunity to a friend, colleague, or family member:










application faqssoftware powered by icimswww.icims.com









