

job information: associate software engineer - 2007352 job




















 


















share






												email opening




apply now














title
associate software engineer - 2007352 

eoe statementcarnegie mellon university - software engineering institute considers applicants for employment without regard to, and does not discriminate on the basis of, gender, race, protected veteran status, disability, or any other legally protected status.  
description	
what we do:cert is part of the software engineering institute (sei), a federally funded research and development center at carnegie mellon university in pittsburgh, pennsylvania. we engage in state of the art research and development, and provides robust programs focused on ensuring that software developers, internet security experts, network and system administrators, and others are able to resist, recognize, and recover from attacks on networked systems.position summary:as a member of cert systems team, you will be responsible for crafting, developing, and deploying software applications and systems to improve the capabilities of cert customers. you will participate in all phases of the software development lifecycle, and will be involved in key decisions regarding software design and technology selection, architecture and design of cyber-resilient and cyber-secure systems.requirements: bs in computer science, software engineering, computer engineering, or a related quantitative field of study with three (3) years of applicable experience ms in computer science, software engineering, computer engineering, or a related quantitative field of study with one (1) year of applicable experience. willingness to travel to various locations to support the sei’s overall mission. this includes within the sei and cmu community, sponsor sites, conferences, and offsite meetings on occasion. expected 15% you will be subject to a background check and will need to obtain and maintain a department of defense security clearance.knowledge, skills and abilities:we are looking for someone who has the ability to function within a development team. willingness to learn new skills, programming languages, and technologies as necessary, and a desire to solve meaningful problems through technical innovation. you have the skills to analyze customer requirements and provide novel solutions. willingness and ability to provide accurate estimates of development time and risk. capable to attend customer meetings and respond to customer requirements. ability to multitask, solve problems and work with end users. ability to quickly learn new technologies (cots/gots) and integrate them with existing applications and/or systems. knowledge of various hardware architectures and embedded systems. embedded system design and embedded software implementation.desired experience: experience as a software developer working on software applications in a professional environment. you have experience writing code and applications in java, and have experience with a scripting language such as perl or python, proficiency with html/css/javascript, and familiarity with sql and modern databases. capable of working with software development tools such as version control systems (git, mercurial) and bug tracking systems (jira); knowledge of agile software development practices and team design sessions. experience developing within a unix/linux environment. working knowledge of general networking concepts and experience with deep software analysis, debugging, or reverse engineering, with a background in cyber security or cyber analytics. experience with hadoop and related big-data systems, relational databases, ldap directories, apache httpd and tomcat, and working in a development and operations (devops) environment. experience coding with c, c++, c#, scala, ruby and other commonly used languages. familiarity with sql and non-relational database technologies such as mongodb. cassandra, hbase, neo4j or others.job function breakdown:90% design and implementation of software requirements and integrate with other software tools or relational databases.secondary functions5% participate in conferences and meetings; join marketing calls on clients; present technical talks as appropriate.5% contribute to the broader software engineering and security community.total = 100%benefits: our benefits philosophy encompasses three driving priorities: choice, control, and well-being. learn more at https://www.cmu.edu/jobs/benefits-at-a-glance/. you can join an institution and inspire innovations that change the world.carnegie mellon university is a welcoming workplace that considers applicants for employment without regard to, and does not discriminate on the basis of, gender, race, protected veteran status, disability, or any other legally protected status.#seijob	 


job categories
software engineering & development 


            this position is currently accepting applications.  apply now 































follow us








see who works here:












 










appone.comtm   copyright©1999-2017 hr services, inc.click here for technical assistance.






















