




lead data engineer at target




















skip navigation



target careers home page





work somewhere you





search jobs


keyword



location




radius
radius
5 miles
10 miles
20 miles
30 miles
40 miles



search








lead data engineer
apply now
job id: bus0001c9
date posted: 08/25/2017
location:  9323 pittsburgh, pittsburgh, pennsylvania

description: with millions of store and online guests daily, target is now leading the effort in tearing down the walls between the traditional brick-and-mortar and web retail businesses. just as established e-commerce giants are beginning to ramp up their physical store presence, target is already leveraging its massive supply chain of over 1,800 stores and 38 distribution centers worldwide to deliver the best experience to its guests.but with huge amounts of both foot and web traffic comes a host of challenging problems: how do you link online and store behavior to create a cohesive view of a guest? how do you translate this heterogeneous data into actionable decisions in real-time? how can the in-store experience be enhanced by the mobile experience and vice versa?as a data engineer in the pittsburgh machine learning office, you will work as part of a small team to answer these types of questions and more, all with the potential to have a very broad impact at target. our office combines the freedom and agility of a startup with the security and vast resources of a large established company.requirements:bs degree; engineering/quantitative field.2+ years academic or professional experience in application development.experience building applications at scaleversion control, particularly git.broad understanding of object-oriented and functional programming paradigms.comfortable with at least one scripting language (e.g., bash/python).comfortable in *nix environment (e.g., ssh and standard commands).excellent verbal and written communication skills.preferred:experience with scala and/or spark.experience with kafka.experience in a jvm language.advanced in a functional programming language.contributions to a large open-source project.

apply now






share

facebook
twitter
linkedin
email




similar jobs


dev ops engineer
pittsburgh, pennsylvania





explore the area
check out where you could be working if you apply.

view map






get email updates
get the latest job openings right in your inbox.
		    view privacy statement.
emailareas of interestedsearch for a category and select one from the list of suggestions. search for a location and select one from the list of suggestions. finally, click “add” to create your job alert.categorylocationadd+business intelligence and analytics, pittsburgh, pennsylvania, united statesremoveengineering, pittsburgh, pennsylvania, united statesremoveremove

confirm email











culture
what’s it like to work here? we’re asked that a lot. target respects and values the individuality of all team members and guests—and we have lots of fun in all that we do.
experience our culture





inside target




a bullseye view
                    get a look behind the scenes at target
                





pulse blog
                    our teams, our stories, our careers
                













company

about target
investors
press




careers
corporate responsibility
news & features


target.com
find a store
contact us
sitemap






facebook

twitter

linkedin

pinterest

youtube

instagram

rss



privacy policy
interest based ads
terms & conditions
ca privacy
team member services
privacy updated 5/17
©2017 target brands, inc. target, the bullseye design and bullseye dog are trademarks of target brands, inc.










