



















nuclear data processing and validation engineer job in west mifflin, pa for naval nuclear laboratory | engineering/science









 





nuclear data processing and validation engineer

west mifflin, pa




search other jobs
apply now











search again


job attributes

req code
19679
location
bettis laboratory west mifflin, pa 15122  us
category
engineering/science
type
full-time
career level
experienced (non-manager)
education
bachelor's degree
division
technology
organization
reactor technology
shift type

n/a
date posted
2017-12-07 19:36:49

apply now

share this on












share this on:








home
about us
who we are
media
suppliers
careers





new search
previous search





nuclear data processing and validation engineer
west mifflin, pa




job description

the reactor physics methods development group at the naval nuclear laboratory west mifflin, pennsylvania location is seeking an individual with expertise in nuclear data processing and validation to join its team.  the successful candidate will primarily contribute to the development of the ndex nuclear data processing code.  ndex is a parallel python application that processes endf-formatted nuclear data for use by the mc21 monte carlo radiation-transport code.  both ndex and mc21 are part of the common monte carlo design tool code suite, which is used for nuclear reactor design and analysis, radiation shielding, and criticality safety calculations in support of the naval nuclear propulsion program.  other duties of this position include nuclear data validation in collaboration with national and international organizations (e.g., csewg, icsbep) and/or determination of biases and uncertainties using internal and external experimental benchmarks, depending on the specific expertise of the individual.
job requirements

intermediate:
bs degree in nuclear engineering or a related field and a minimum of two years of relevant experience; or
ms degree in nuclear engineering or a related field
advanced:
bs degree in nuclear engineering or a related field and a minimum of four years of relevant experience; or
ms degree in nuclear engineering or a related field and a minimum of two years of relevant experience
job preferred skills

ms in nuclear engineering or a related field. 
experience in one or more of the following areas: nuclear data processing codes (e.g., ndex, njoy), nuclear data file formats (e.g., endf), nuclear data validation, and determination of biases and uncertainties. 
professional-level software-development experience, including use of version control and developing software in a team environment. 
strong written and verbal communication skills.



apply now








sitemap
home
about us
who we are
media
suppliers
careers
contact us


follow us







career opportunities
administrative (2)business support (3)contracts (7)craft workers (2)engineering/science (78)facilities (1)human resources (3)information technology (22)management (3)project management (5)publications and graphic arts (1)technicians (11) 




				all candidates must be u.s. citizens. applicants selected will be subject to a federal background investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified matter.
what to expect when being processed for a doe security clearance | departmental personnel security faqs
				
				bechtel marine propulsion corporation is an equal opportunity employer and is committed to workforce diversity.
				click here to view the poster, eeo is the law and its supplement.
			

supporting the nation since 1946
© 2017 naval nuclear laboratory









