


			back end engineer -			niche.com -
			job board
		























































places to live
k-12
colleges





see all open positions at niche





back end engineer
niche.com is a website that helps you discover the schools and neighborhoods that are right for you. we have in-depth reviews, rankings, and statistics on every college, k-12 school, and neighborhood in the u.s. and millions of monthly website visitors. located in pittsburgh, pa in the heart of shadyside, we're quickly becoming one of the largest websites in the u.s.
 
about the job
back end engineers work on building and upgrading services in our distributed systems. in addition to building services, there is a strong focus on resilience and performance, requiring profiling and tuning of algorithms, database queries, and inter-service communication, as well as load testing and benchmarking. specific responsibilities include:

collaborating closely with other back end engineers on the feasibility, design, analysis, and scaling of back end services
understanding and mitigating the potential pitfalls of a distributed architecture
building tools for other team members to administer and orchestrate the deployment and management of service-based data

 
about you
you are a motivated and hard-working problem solver. you have a proven track record of delivering high-quality results, especially in a fast-paced environment. you have a strong grasp of the fundamentals of data structures and algorithms, and a strong ability to identify the trade-offs between multiple solutions. most importantly, you want to be a part of something big that helps millions of people, and you want to have fun doing it. technical essentials include:

bachelor’s degree in computer science or a related field, or equivalent experience
extensive experience with one or more general purpose programming languages including but not limited to: c/c++, c#, go, java or python
experience working in a formal development environment (version control, code review, documentation, unit testing)
excellent communication skills, including giving and receiving constructive criticism

 
compensation and benefits
this is a full time, salaried position with competitive compensation and benefits including 20 paid days off per year, paid time off for volunteering, paid parental leave, stock options, simple ira, and a comprehensive health plan, including vision and dental, provided at no cost to the employee. we’ve been ranked as one of the best places to work in southwestern pa by the pittsburgh business times. niche is an equal opportunity employer.




apply for this position










			* required fields
		















first name*





last name*





email address*





location 





phone number*





resume*


attach resume or
					paste resume





						attach resume as .pdf, .doc, or .docx (limit 2mb) or
						paste resume



 




						paste your resume here or
						attach resume file



 



why do you want to work at niche?*





why do you think you're a great candidate for this position?*


















working at niche

niche is a small team based in pittsburgh, pennsylvania. we’re a unique blend of data scientists, engineers, parents, and “yinzers” who are looking for exceptional talent to grow our company. read more about niche and check out our team page.
we believe people’s lives are made better by having the right resources to inform their biggest life decisions. your ideas and work will make an immediate impact on our company and millions of users.

our excellent benefits



free premium health, dental, and vision insurance



stock options and simple ira with generous match



unlimited commonplace coffee and snacks



paid maternity and paternity leave



company happy hours and tuesday lunches



20 days of paid time off 



paid bus pass and subsidized parking



paid volunteer days






see all open positions at niche


 





