

job information: machine learning research scientist - 2007236 job




















 


















share






												email opening




apply now














title
machine learning research scientist - 2007236 

eoe statementcarnegie mellon university - software engineering institute considers applicants for employment without regard to, and does not discriminate on the basis of, gender, race, protected veteran status, disability, or any other legally protected status.  
description	
what we do:the sei helps advance software engineering principles and practices and serves as a national resource in software engineering, computer security, and process improvement. the sei works closely with defense and government organizations, industry, and academia to continually improve software-intensive systems. our core purpose is to help organizations improve software engineering capabilities and develop or acquire the right software, defect free, within budget and on time, every time.position summary:machine learning researchers at the sei help our government and industry clients solve their problems using ml technology. in this role, you will work with our customers to identify areas where advanced statistical techniques can help tackle problems, plan and develop prototype solutions, and build out final products. you'll get a chance to work with elite cybersecurity professionals and university faculty to build new technologies that will influence national cybersecurity strategy for decades to come. you will co-author research proposals, execute studies, and present findings to dod sponsors and at academic conferences.our team works on a wide range of projects. some of our current work includes developing metrics and experimental designs for large-scale cybersecurity research programs, researching human-in-the-loop machine learning, and building classifiers to identify security vulnerabilities in code. we have access to a wide variety of cyber-related data, including malware samples, netflow data, cybersecurity training runs and tests, incident tickets, and more. if you are a computer science or statistics expert with an interest in cybersecurity, we want to hear from you!requirements: bs in machine learning, cybersecurity, statistics, or related discipline or equivalent combination of training or experience. willingness to travel to various locations to support the sei’s overall mission. this includes within the sei and cmu community, sponsor sites, conferences, and offsite meetings on occasion. you will be subject to a background check and will need to obtain and maintain a department of defense security clearance.knowledge, skills and abilities: deep understanding of statistical modeling techniques comfortable working in the unix command line thrives in a multi-disciplinary environment superb communication skills expertise implementing machine learning techniques (e.g., k-means, svm, neural networks) familiar with at least one mathematical/statistical programming package (e.g., python numpy/scipy/pandas, r, matlab, etc.) strong software engineering skills you should have cybersecurity or privacy experience experience supporting test and evaluation for large-scale government research programs is a plusdesired experience: ms in machine learning, computer science, statistics, or other related quantitative field two (2) to four (4) years of experience experience with specific methods and/or evidence that you can learn. job function breakdown: 60% - collaboration - works with cmu, sei, other researchers, and the intelligence community to enhance the state of the art in technologies to assist in the analysis of large volume and streaming data. works with cmu and sei engineers to apply state of the art technologies to prototype systems that assist in the analysis of large volume and streaming data.20% - communication – attends meetings, submits work progress reports, and performs related duties as required20% - project work - represents work plans and prototypes via publications, conferences, and meetings to the academic research, engineering, dod, and first responder communities100% total effort benefits:our benefits philosophy encompasses three driving priorities: choice, control, and well-being. learn more at https://www.cmu.edu/jobs/benefits-at-a-glance/ . you can join an institution and inspire innovations that change the world.carnegie mellon university is a welcoming workplace that considers applicants for employment without regard to, and does not discriminate on the basis of, gender, race, protected veteran status, disability, or any other legally protected status.	 


job categories
research scientist 


            this position is currently accepting applications.  apply now 































follow us








see who works here:












 










appone.comtm   copyright©1999-2017 hr services, inc.click here for technical assistance.






















