






software engineer | iq-inc



























































skip to content













toggle navigation




iq-incengineering custom software solutions








what we do

services
industries served
projects

software engineering
software testing
software quality assurance


iq pay


who we are

about us
our team


news & blog
work with us

clients
candidates
testimonials
job openings


contact us
 







contact us for a free strategy consultation














software engineer 





other
pittsburgh
posted 4 weeks ago


are you interested in a position with significant growth potential? do you want to grow as a professional with a company that will help develop you along the way? if so, then you should consider joining the iq inc. team.
we are in need of someone to design and implement configuration data needed for customizing complex control systems. you will design, develop, and verify new configuration databases, develop graphic representations of  controlled devices by interpreting customer and project supplied drawings and information; work with software developers to create/maintain configuration requirements and design documents; document configuration parameters and dependencies between code and configuration; and assist other software engineers with development and maintenance of the configuration tool.
in addition, you will:

develop and maintain scripts and other software to convert data from one format to another
function as the first line of technical support for issues to the technicians
act as a liaison between the various internal groups, as well as interface between teams to discuss, document, and resolve issues
work with project management to monitor and report schedule and budget progress of assigned tasks and resolve schedule conflicts
follow established department processes and document all work
follow established configuration management processes for the delivery of work artifacts, as well as assist in developing and implementing process improvement initiatives

we also need someone who is an analytical thinker, motivated by working as part of a terrific team, is great with people, and doesn’t take themselves too seriously.
you must:

have 0-3 years of experience in software development or an associated discipline
have a bachelor’s degree in computer science, software engineering, or similar discipline
have fundamental knowledge or linux or unix operating systems
have knowledge of command line driven navigation in a distributed network environment
have familiarity with basic networking concepts
have education and experience with microsoft windows operating system
have education and experience with microsoft office, excel, and word
possess strong leadership skills that inspire team confidence and respect while motivating your team members in a creative and effective manner
have a desire for achieving excellence in customer satisfaction, process and product quality, and reliability
complete specific work as assigned with minimal assistance (assignments are broader in nature and expand in scope and complexity)

it would be great if you also had:

education or experience using engineering drawings and configuration tools
a basic understanding of software configuration management concepts
a demonstrated ability to read, understand, and implement scripts written in various scripting languages such as bash, python, and perl
education or experience with c++ and/or java
previous work experience and/or knowledge of rail related applications

sound interesting? send us your resume at resume@iq-inc.com today!
iq inc. provides equal employment opportunities (eeo) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability or genetics. in addition to federal law requirements, iq inc. complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities. this policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training.
iq inc. expressly prohibits any form of workplace harassment based on race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, genetic information, disability, or veteran status. improper interference with the ability of iq inc.’s employees to perform their job duties may result in discipline up to and including discharge.
 














*your name:

*phone number:

*your e-mail:
 
*upload a resume:  



 












want to be a part of this work-hard, play-hard team? view current openings









2790 mosside blvd. #305
monroeville, pa 15146







724.327.3441 | 

                


          		   info@iq-inc.com




 





what we do

services
industries served
projects
iq pay


who we are

about us
our team


news & blog
work with us

clients
candidates
testimonials
job openings


contact us
 


© copyright 2017, iq inc. | sitemap














