


        software engineer-infrastructure -        bossanova robotics -         job board
    

























 






view our website



view all jobs















at bossa nova, we create service robots for the global retail industry. our robots' mission is to make large scale stores run efficiently by automating the collection and analysis of on-shelf inventory data. we are passionate about solving big problems and bringing solutions to our customers. we are growing fast and have many exciting open positions. if you are up to the challenge, we want to hear from you.  



software engineer-infrastructure


pittsburgh, pa                    

full time                

software engineering                    

experienced                


















at bossa nova we create service robots for the global retail industry. our robots’ mission is to make large scale stores run efficiently by automating the collection and analysis of on-shelf inventory data. we drive autonomously through aisles, navigating safely among customers and store associates. if we were a self- driving car we’d be operating at level 5 autonomy.
oh, we should add, it’s real, happening today, you can meet our robots in some of the world’s biggest retailers.
position: software engineer- infrastructure
location: pittsburgh
responsibilities:

develop systems to manage and monitor a large, distributed fleet of autonomous robots
design and build continuous integration systems, both traditional (purely software) and physical
troubleshoot a wide-variety of issues which might occur on robot systems, anywhere from robot to cloud
collaborate with various teams to harden and maintain robot security

qualifications:

experience with source control (git, svn, cvs, etc.)
experience with configuration management tools (preferably ansible)
experience with automated build tools (e.g., jenkins)
experience with virtualization and containerization (docker)
experience with scripting languages (preferably python and bash)
experience with cloud services (azure, aws, etc.)
good debugging and troubleshooting skills
strong communication skills
ability to work in a rapidly evolving environment
minimum degree: bs in related field (cs, ee, etc.)
us work authorization

nice to have:

background in networking and related protocols and technologies (tcp/ip, ssh, vpn, dns, ldap, iperf, tcpdump, wireshark and other debugging tools)
experience with java, c++, c
experience with ros
experience with sql, nginx, kubernetes, docker swarm, etl tools
availability for travel


read more



apply for position








            apply for this position        
required*









apply with










first name*



last name*



email address*



address
















phone*



resume*

attach resume
                    or
                    paste resume



                        attach resume as .pdf, .doc, or .docx (limit 2mb) or
                        paste resume


 




                            paste your resume here or
                            attach resume file









cover letter



in 150 characters or fewer, tell us what makes you unique. try to be creative and say something that will catch our eye!

150



submit application














×close
forward this position





recipient email address (one)



your name



your email address



enter a message (optional)
the message cannot contain links




human check*




















powered by















