




















giant eagle - job details












  giant eagle - career site wrapper                   ?

homesearch  openingssearch  resultscurrent pagejob  details   

job detailstweetjob 1 of 1   apply now!   send to friend             about us  giant eagle inc., ranked 36 on forbes magazine's largest private corporations list, is one of the nation's largest food retailers and distributors with approximately \$9.5 billion in annual sales. founded in 1931, giant eagle, inc. has grown to be the number one supermarket retailer in the region with more than 420 stores throughout western pennsylvania, north central ohio, northern west virginia, maryland and indiana. giant eagle was previously named america's second harvest regional retailer of the year for its support of local food banks, and also actively supports numerous community events, the united way, children's hospital, race for the cure and other non-profit organizations.  the company also has created education initiatives such as apples for the students, which has provided millions of dollars in computer equipment, software and other classroom learning tools for local schools and the be a smart shopper school nutrition program.  further information can be found at gianteagle.com.   position title  engineer, software assoc   employment status  full-time   functional department  information technology   street address  101 kappa drive   city  pittsburgh   state  pa   zip  15238   reports to  manager, sr. application (is)   career site posting option:  corporate   requisition id  87113br   position summary  the software engineer, associate develops, modifies, debugs, evaluates and supports programs in our functional area. analyzes existing programs or formulates logic for new systems, devises logic procedures, performs coding and test/debugs programs. develops conversion and system implementation plans. prepares and obtains approval of system and programming documentation. recommends changes in development, maintenance and system standards.   job responsibilities  provide primary day-to-day system support for giant eagle pharmaciestroubleshoot and document root cause analysis for all pharmacy related issuesorganize and prepare program and system documentation according to established procedures to facilitate ongoing support and maintenancedesign and write efficient, complicated modules or complex programs to meet customer requirementscoordinate systems analysis, systems development and system implementation activities to ensure customer requirements are metprevent unauthorized access to information, assets or restricted areas and report  any attemptsmaintain cognizance of industry trends and new products to evaluate opportunities for achieving maximum effective usage of company¿s investment in information technologyreport any type of problems to the appropriate management in a timely mannerparticipate in all education and on-the-job training programs as recommended by it managementmaintain communications with team memberscommunicate well with non-it personnel dailyparticipate in after-hours rotational on-call support   education and training required  bachelors degree computer science, information systems or related field   experience required  6 months to 1 year   experience desired  experience with command line unixexperience with oracle, microsoft sql server or similar rdbmsability to write efficient sql queries of medium to high complexityexperience in .net, c#, java or similar programming languagesexperience with windows or linux scripting (vbscript, python, perl)experience providing application support and interacting with business stakeholders.experience in documenting process and data flowsgood communication skills with the ability to interact with various personalities at all organizational levels   equipment used  calculatorcomputercopierfax machineprintertelephone   travel required  no    apply now!   send to friend     


        home | why giant eagle | who we are | search jobs | campus recruiting | recruitment events | locations | faqs   copyright © 2014 giant eagle inc, all rights reserved | privacy policy | eeo commitment | reasonable accommodations               



