


        software engineer -        sidecar -         job board
    

























 






view our website



view all jobs















we’re on the hunt for top talent! take a look at our job openings to see if you're a fit. 



software engineer


philadelphia, pa                    

full time                

engineering                    

experienced                


















overview:
we are looking for a senior software engineer to join our rapidly growing engineering team. as a senior software engineer, you will be exposed to all facets of the business and be encouraged to learn and develop skills both within and beyond your role. you’ll be working in one of the most collaborative offices in center city philly, developing and working with machine learning technology, surrounded by passionate, high-performing individuals.
 
qualifications:
the senior software engineer candidate is an intelligent, motivated person that enjoys collaborating with talented co-workers to solve complex problems and make a meaningful impact on a team. the candidate should be:

a strong critical thinker and problem solver with the ability to innovate and lead the team in the candidate's area of expertise
a proficient programmer, preferably in one of our primary programming languages: go, php, javascript, and python
experienced in front-end technologies, including html, css, and the front-end javascript ecosystem
comfortable working with amazon web services (aws) and understand the different services that aws offers
comfortable working with git as a version control system
capable of working with different database technologies, including relational databases, nosql databases, and big data technologies like hadoop

 
responsibilities:

develop and deliver new features of sidecar's technology as a member of a project team
support, maintain and improve sidecar's systems with our site reliability team
work with our product management team to identify important projects and help shape the future of sidecar's technology
follow and help improve sidecar's standards for design, coding, testing, and documentation

 
who we are:
sidecar built a technology from the ground up that’s dedicated to one mission: tackle the challenges retailers face in data-driven e-commerce channels. based on advanced machine learning algorithms and deep data science expertise, our technology digests and analyzes massive, real-time datasets, allowing it to spot trends and continually improve campaigns for google shopping, facebook dynamic ads, and bing shopping.
these channels are changing every day—and have become too complex and competitive to manage manually or with outdated technologies. they require automated, sophisticated, and ever-evolving technology to stay ahead. that’s what sidecar is all about. we’re proud to work with retailers of all sizes and verticals in the u.s. and abroad, including under armour, crate & barrel, and boscov’s, to name a few.
as a company, we’re a group of energetic people who work hard to make a lasting impact in the rapidly evolving world of e-commerce marketing. and our work is paying off—we are quickly becoming a tech leader and the go-to partner for e-commerce marketing pros.
our open-floor work environment and slack-enabled team encourages collaboration, creativity, and growth as individuals and as a company. many of us come from e-commerce, statistical, or start-up backgrounds, but we certainly welcome talent with outside perspective and experience. we believe in regular company social events inspire friendships and strengthen our bond.

benefits:

competitive salary, based on experience
medical, dental, and vision coverage
company-paid disability and life insurance
a company 401(k) plan
unlimited pto (our policy is simple, respect your team, and take time off when you need it)
flexible schedule
choose your flavor of device: mac, windows, linux
pre-tax deductions of public transportation costs for your commute
discounted gym membership
team and social events

 

read more



apply for position








            apply for this position        
required*



apply with linkedin







apply with indeed









first name*



last name*



email address*



address
















phone*



resume*

attach resume
                    or
                    paste resume



                        attach resume as .pdf, .doc, or .docx (limit 2mb) or
                        paste resume


 




                            paste your resume here or
                            attach resume file









have you ever been convicted of a felony?*
no answernoyes 

if “yes”, you have been convicted of a felony, please explain the circumstances around the conviction:*




submit application














×close
forward this position





recipient email address (one)



your name



your email address



enter a message (optional)
the message cannot contain links




human check*




















powered by















