


















morgan, lewis & bockius - job details


























integrity, excellence, teamwork, service > searching for staff positions > apply to morgan lewis > careers :  morgan, lewis & bockius - an international law firm











  




 integrity, excellence, teamwork, and service 


 



    ?

homesearch  openingssearch  resultscurrent pagejob  details   

job details job 1 of 1   apply to job   save to cart       auto req id  1236br   posting title  business intelligence engineer   job location  firm - philadelphia   employment type  full time   job description  morgan, lewis & bockius llp, one of the world’s leading global law firms with almost 4000 lawyers and staff in 30 offices is seeking a business intelligence engineer reporting to the manager of business intelligence. this position will reside in the center city philadelphia office and will be responsible for working with business intelligence architects and business intelligence analysts to design and develop solutions for the entire business intelligence life cycle.  he/she is responsible for designing and implementing enterprise level bi solutions including dashboards, etl, and their underlying structures.  primary functions and responsibilities  • develop complex dashboards and reporting solutions for partners, legal staff, firm management, and administrative users.• use sql to design tables, views, functions, and stored procedures.• collaborate with database administrators and developers regarding the development of and adherence to data modeling standards, methods and practices.• implement business rules in applicable bi applications.• maintain knowledge of current bi technologies, architectures, and methodologies. • verify data accuracy and define long term data maintenance strategies.• other duties as assigned. supervisory responsibilities • none education and experience this job requires: • bachelor's degree from four-year college or university• minimum of 3 years of information technology experience with a minimum of 1 year of that designing, developing, and implementing enterprise data warehouse and bi solutions.• or equivalent combination of education and experience. other qualifications and requirements:  to perform the job successfully, an individual must demonstrate the following knowledge skills and abilities: • technical skills • written communication skills• verbal communication skills• customer service skills• interpersonal skills• strategic thinking• self-starter• teamwork• planning/organizational skills• problem solving skills• ability to adapt to change and balance competing demands• ability to read, analyze, and interpret business and professional publications, prepare business correspondence, proposals and reports, effectively present information to groups of employees, and respond to questions from employees, managers, clients and vendors• advanced arithmetic skills (compute rate, ratio, percent; able to draw and interpret graphs and charts)• ability to define problems, collect data, establish facts, draw conclusions technical skills to perform this job successfully, an individual must be proficient in the following software and methodologies: • expertise with a bi tool is required, preferably qliksense or tableau• knowledge of sql server 2012, 2014, 2016 system and features.• extensive knowledge of complex sql development and troubleshooting (tables, views, stored procedures, functions, indexes, scripts, etc.)• knowledge of concepts related to design, implementation and maintenance of data warehouses using dimensional modeling.• experience with an etl tool, preferably sql server integration services (ssis)• experience with a reporting tool, preferably reporting services (ssrs)• experience with an olap tool is a plus, preferably analysis services (ssas)• agile project life cycle experience a plus• business, functional, and technical specification composition physical demands:   • while performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to sit and may occasionally be required to move about.  the employee is also regularly required to use a computer, involving substantial movements of the wrists, hands and fingers.  the employee is also required to regularly communicate with others. •  the employee may also occasionally be expected to lift and/or move up to 10 pounds with assistance.• specific vision abilities required by this job include: close vision and ability to adjust focus.  work environment • the noise level in the work environment is usually moderate.• this job requires occassional travel. • this job may require evening or weekend work. qualified candidates must apply online by visiting our website at www.morganlewis.com and selecting “careers.”  morgan lewis is an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.    apply to job   save to cart     


         copyright © 2016 by morgan, lewis & bockius llp. all rights reserved.     


