





careers at panasas | panasas








































panasas
menu 

panasas


why panasas

overview
true linear scalability
ultrafast streaming performance
enterprise-grade reliability and availability
ease of management


activestor solution

overview
architecture
director
hybrid storage
panfs
directflow


industries

overview
media & entertainment
manufacturing
life sciences
government
energy
academic research


service & support

overview
support
professional services
training


company

overview
leadership
news
events
careers
contact us


 


partners

resellers
distributor partners
technology partners
become a partner


resources

whitepapers
datasheets
case studies
webinars
videos


contact us
login
 




















 







careers at panasas






panasas is the scale-out network-attached storage leader for unstructured data. we drive industry and research innovation by accelerating workflows and simplifying data management. we are a privately held company headquartered in sunnyvale, california, with an r&d office in pittsburgh, pennsylvania, and sales offices around the world.
if you want to work with a team of experienced technologists who develop solutions to complex problems, apply now. we run a small and nimble organization where every individual has the potential to have a real impact on business success.
here’s what we offer:

competitive salary and stock options
medical, dental, vision, 401(k) savings, and life insurance plans
work-life balance with flexible working hours
environment that fosters collaboration and professional growth

ready to join us?




if you are an individual with a disability and require a reasonable accommodation to complete any part of the application process, or are limited in the ability or are unable to access or use this online application process and need an alternative method for applying, contact panasas at 408-215-6800 or careers@panasas.com for assistance.
at panasas, we value diversity and are proud to be an equal opportunity employer. all qualified applicants receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability.
we do not accept unsolicited resumes from employment agencies. we will not pay a (search) fee if we hire a candidate whose resume is submitted by an employment agency without a valid written recruitment agreement. such resumes shall be deemed the sole property of panasas.





ready to get started? request a demo





						contact:
						888.726.2727






					©2017 panasas
					privacy policy
site map
terms of use














