




data scientist  in  houston, tx  | jpmorgan chase & co.




























































referral sponsor portal
sign up now!
login 






divisions
locations
programs
why us

apply

student programs
student events
experienced roles
need advice?




divisions
locations
programs
why us
apply

student programs
student events
experienced roles
need advice?




menu


referral portal









careers / job search / job details





















apply now
               

refer a friend






data scientist

req #: 170106764_2
location:


houston, 
		tx,
                us

job category: technology
potential referral amount: 5000 us dollar (usd)

as an experienced infrastructure
development professional, your love of technology will have a direct impact on
the future of the business. as a senior member of a high-performance team,
you’ll be immersed in all the elements of software development lifecycles-
design, development, integration, operation, support and testing of
infrastructure services. you’ll ensure team goals are met and best practices,
architectural design standards, data, risk and security management policies are
adhered to. you’ll be instrumental in designing, developing and testing code,
solving more difficult technical issues, developing integration elements,
building data models, apis, and open 3rd-party sdks. you’ll see your ideas come
to life as part of a small, success-driven team. and as part of jpmorgan chase
& co.’s global technology community, you’ll also have the ability to
collaborate with peers around the world to tackle big challenges.
this role requires a wide variety of strengths
and capabilities, including:
•significant
experience in both systems engineering and software development
•proficiency
in at least one of these disciplines:
ointernals
of distributed operating system (unix/linux, windows, z/os) 
osystems
programming
onetwork
programming
•experience
using large scale software development in python
•experience
using system and software security and entitlements such as sso, windows,
kerberos, ldap, windows ad
•experience
with new and emerging technologies such as cloud and virtualization we
 are looking for someone who understands the end to end stack of what it
 takes to use data to drive decisions and priorities including:

big data and nosql technologies
extract transform and load (etl) technologies
distributed streaming platforms
traditional rdms technologies
data visualizations platforms
as part of the configuration 
management and automation services (cmas) team you will help deliver the
 next generation of automation frameworks by driving the priorities and 
decisions through data that will be adopted by all technology teams that
 transforms how jp morgan chase approaches resiliency, operational 
efficiencies, and adoption of modern devops practices.
in the role of data scientist, you will be responsible for:

working with cassandra, spark, kibana, elasticsearch, oracle, and pentaho data integration
working with internal technical 
operations and risk teams to define problems, data collection, 
synthesize relevant data, build analytical models and forecasts
communicate recommendations and drive improvements
capture requirements, translate 
customer problems into predictive analytics, clearly communicate results
 in both written and oral presentations, demonstrate predictive 
analytics capabilities and solutions to prospective clients
gather, analyze, and normalize 
relevant information related to business processes, functions, and 
operations to evaluate data credibility and determine relevance and 
meaning
exhibits expertise in core areas: 
process knowledge, systems thinking, software development, analytical, 
collaboration, and technology platform management
plays a dual role of a data scientist and application developer
collaborate cross functionality with infrastructure developers, support teams, and other software engineering teams
working with a team of software 
engineers and infrastructure developers to deliver automation frameworks
 that will be adopted by all technologists
provide recommendations for continuous improvements
2+ years of work experience involving with data and data analysis

expert in the following technologies

apache spark
cassandra
kibana
elasticsearch
oracle
pentaho data integration or informatica

hands-on experience with strong understanding of infrastructure (operating systems, web, middleware, and networking)

background in an engineering or support role to manage infrastructure

strong knowledge of continuous integration and continuous delivery

experience with scrum/agile development methodologies

capable of delivering on multiple competing priorities with little supervision

excellent verbal and written communication skills

computer science or similar degree with experience in the following software/tools:

infrastructure automation technologies: ansible, puppet, chef, etc.
declarative programming languages: yml, ruby, etc.
scripting languages like python, perl, shell, etc.
build automation technologies: maven, jenkins, etc.
monitoring technologies: nagios, tivoli, scom, etc.
use of apis and services using rest, soap, etc.our corporate technology team relies on
smart, driven people like you to develop applications and provide tech support
for all our corporate functions across our network. your efforts will touch
lives all over the financial spectrum and across all our divisions: global
finance, corporate treasury, risk management, human resources, compliance,
legal, and within the corporate administrative office. you’ll be part of a team
specifically built to meet and exceed our evolving technology needs, as well as
our technology controls agenda.
when
you work at jpmorgan chase & company, you're not just working at a global
financial institution. you're an integral part of one of the world's biggest
tech companies. in 14 technology hubs worldwide, our team of 40,000+
technologists design, build and deploy everything from enterprise technology
initiatives to big data and mobile solutions, as well as innovations in
electronic payments, cybersecurity, machine learning, and cloud
development.  our $9.5b+ annual investment in technology enables us to
hire people to create innovative solutions that will not only transform the
financial services industry, but also change the world.

at
jpmorgan chase & company, we value the unique skills of every employee, and
we're building a technology organization that thrives on diversity.  we
encourage professional growth and career development, and offer competitive
benefits and compensation. if you're looking to build your career as part of a
global technology team tackling big challenges that impact the lives of people
and companies all around the world, we want to meet you. 



apply now
               

refer a friend













join our talent community
not ready to apply? leave your information with us and we will keep you up to date with new career opportunities.
join now



things to note
sign in to our application system to continue your job search or update your profile.
current employees sign in here.  contractors sign in here.
any information you provide is confidential and will only be viewed by our recruiters in an effort to fill open positions. in addition, the information you provide is subject to our privacy policy practices.
please note that j.p. morgan will not accept unsolicited approaches or speculative cvs, nor will j.p. morgan be responsible for any related fees, from third party firms who are not preferred suppliers.
the firm invites all interested and qualified candidates to apply for employment opportunities.
need disability related assistance?
if you are a us or canadian applicant with a disability who is unable to use our online tools to search and apply for jobs, please click here.
important links
click here to view the "eeo is the law" poster.
click here to view the "eeo is the law" supplemental poster.
click here to view our u.s. pay transparency policy.
jpmorgan chase is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer disability/veteran.







your career. your way.

privacy & security
terms of use
cookies policy


equal opportunities
site map










corporate twitter links




jpmorgan



chase







corporate facebook links




jpmorgan chase



chase







corporate linkedin links


j.p. morgan


jpmorgan chase


chase






corporate youtube links


j.p. morgan


chase






corporate instagram links


j.p. morgan


chase





jpmorganchase.com
jpmorgan.com
chase.com





corporate twitter links



j.p. morgan



chase







corporate facebook links



j.p. morgan chase



chase







corporate linkedin links


j.p. morgan


jpmorgan chase


chase






corporate youtube links


j.p. morgan


chase






corporate instagram links


j.p. morgan


chase












© 2017 jpmorgan chase & co. all rights reserved. powered by smashfly











