




infrastructure developer - configuration monitoring  in  houston, tx | jpmorgan chase & co.




























































referral sponsor portal
sign up now!
login 






divisions
locations
programs
why us

apply

student programs
student events
experienced roles
need advice?




divisions
locations
programs
why us
apply

student programs
student events
experienced roles
need advice?




menu


referral portal









careers / job search / job details





















apply now
               

refer a friend






infrastructure developer - configuration monitoring

req #: 170100627_2
location:


houston, 
		tx,
                us

job category: technology
potential referral amount: 5000 us dollar (usd)

as an experienced infrastructure
development professional, your love of technology will have a direct impact on
the future of the business. as a senior member of a high-performance team,
you’ll be immersed in all the elements of software development lifecycles-
design, development, integration, operation, support and testing of
infrastructure services. you’ll ensure team goals are met and best practices,
architectural design standards, data, risk and security management policies are
adhered to. you’ll be instrumental in designing, developing and testing code,
solving more difficult technical issues, developing integration elements,
building data models, apis, and open 3rd-party sdks. you’ll see your ideas come
to life as part of a small, success-driven team. and as part of jpmorgan chase
& co.’s global technology community, you’ll also have the ability to
collaborate with peers around the world to tackle big challenges.
this role requires a wide variety of
strengths and capabilities, including:
•significant
experience in both systems engineering and software development
•proficiency
in at least one of these disciplines:
ointernals
of distributed operating system (unix/linux, windows, z/os) 
osystems
programming
onetwork
programming
•experience
using large scale software development in one of these languages: (java,
python, .net,
c++, etc.) ideally java and perl
•experience
using system and software security and entitlements such as sso, windows,
kerberos, ldap, windows ad
•experience
with new and emerging technologies such as cloud and virtualization
the candidate 
will work with a new product called evolven and help the firm meet 
several programs around configuration monitoring. the ideal candidate 
will provide a unified technology solution for configuration collection,
 reporting, and analytics across distributed systems and applications to

detect drift and understand when there is change from the golden baseline or reference environment
manage consistency and have confidence with system configurations
detecting and alerting unauthorized changes
creating a robust reporting of all of 
the system configurations to provide a single point of view for all 
changes, comparisons, and consolidated views to increase operational 
efficiencies in analysis and remediation efforts along the lines of 
patching, security vulnerabilities, and consistent configurations
as part of the configuration 
management and automation services (cmas) team you will help deliver the
 next generation of automation frameworks to be adopted by all 
technology teams that transforms how jp morgan chase approaches 
resiliency, operational efficiencies, and adoption of modern devops 
practices.


configuration monitoring of the unix and windows platforms
developing solutions to monitor drift and detect unauthorized changes across 140,000 servers
developing solutions to automate a full application failover with no human involvement
identifying operational inefficiencies and creating automated solutions to reduce manual work
analyzing, designing, and writing applications
developing tests and test-automation
collaborate cross functionality with infrastructure developers, support teams, and other software engineering teams
working with a team of software 
engineers and infrastructure developers to deliver automation frameworks
 that will be adopted by all technologists
provide recommendations for continuous improvementsstrategic

able to understand the existing processes, and issues with each
able to articulate how the evolven product fits into these processes
able to develop runbooks which incorporate automation into the existing process (or define new ones)
able to define interfaces (dashboards, alerts, reports, etc.) meaningful to end users and management
able to develop metrics/kpi's which can be used to demonstrate success (baseline vs. current)
possess strong communication skills to liaison between business people and technical tasks
has leverage needed for this, to ensure continued product usage, and to escalate when necessary
able to assess when data is not valuable to the end users and/or their management
able to define workflows for tactical tasks, and manage they are being performed
able to manage the service (it is available and working properly at all times) and ensure it meets the sla
tactical

has strong admin, troubleshooting, and light programming (scripting) skills
familiarity with regex, vbscript, windows batch/unix shell, javascript, perl, and java
able to escalate and manage tickets with vendor support team
able to follow daily/weekly/monthly/ad-hoc procedures defined
able to quickly learn product features and stay current on capabilities from vendor
able to work with change control and deploy patches and upgrades as necessary
work with teams to perform backups/restores/failovers 
able to perform tasks as defined, such as
recurring (daily/weekly/monthly) tasks, such as

reviewing reports, and following up on errors/disconnected systems/failing collections, and resolving
monitoring database usage and configuring purging
monitoring system up and performance
on-demand tasks, such as
creating/importing user

creating dashboards/reports/alerts
onboarding applications (discovery/collections/rules)
adjusting data collections (e.g. removing noise)our corporate technology team relies on
smart, driven people like you to develop applications and provide tech support
for all our corporate functions across our network. your efforts will touch
lives all over the financial spectrum and across all our divisions: global
finance, corporate treasury, risk management, human resources, compliance,
legal, and within the corporate administrative office. you’ll be part of a team
specifically built to meet and exceed our evolving technology needs, as well as
our technology controls agenda
when
you work at jpmorgan chase & company, you're not just working at a global
financial institution. you're an integral part of one of the world's biggest
tech companies. in 14 technology hubs worldwide, our team of 40,000+
technologists design, build and deploy everything from enterprise technology
initiatives to big data and mobile solutions, as well as innovations in
electronic payments, cybersecurity, machine learning, and cloud
development.  our $9.5b+ annual investment in technology enables us to
hire people to create innovative solutions that will not only transform the
financial services industry, but also change the world.
at
jpmorgan chase & company, we value the unique skills of every employee, and
we're building a technology organization that thrives on diversity.  we
encourage professional growth and career development, and offer competitive
benefits and compensation. if you're looking to build your career as part of a
global technology team tackling big challenges that impact the lives of people
and companies all around the world, we want to meet you. 



apply now
               

refer a friend













join our talent community
not ready to apply? leave your information with us and we will keep you up to date with new career opportunities.
join now



things to note
sign in to our application system to continue your job search or update your profile.
current employees sign in here.  contractors sign in here.
any information you provide is confidential and will only be viewed by our recruiters in an effort to fill open positions. in addition, the information you provide is subject to our privacy policy practices.
please note that j.p. morgan will not accept unsolicited approaches or speculative cvs, nor will j.p. morgan be responsible for any related fees, from third party firms who are not preferred suppliers.
the firm invites all interested and qualified candidates to apply for employment opportunities.
need disability related assistance?
if you are a us or canadian applicant with a disability who is unable to use our online tools to search and apply for jobs, please click here.
important links
click here to view the "eeo is the law" poster.
click here to view the "eeo is the law" supplemental poster.
click here to view our u.s. pay transparency policy.
jpmorgan chase is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer disability/veteran.







your career. your way.

privacy & security
terms of use
cookies policy


equal opportunities
site map










corporate twitter links




jpmorgan



chase







corporate facebook links




jpmorgan chase



chase







corporate linkedin links


j.p. morgan


jpmorgan chase


chase






corporate youtube links


j.p. morgan


chase






corporate instagram links


j.p. morgan


chase





jpmorganchase.com
jpmorgan.com
chase.com





corporate twitter links



j.p. morgan



chase







corporate facebook links



j.p. morgan chase



chase







corporate linkedin links


j.p. morgan


jpmorgan chase


chase






corporate youtube links


j.p. morgan


chase






corporate instagram links


j.p. morgan


chase












© 2017 jpmorgan chase & co. all rights reserved. powered by smashfly











