




flight software development engineer  in  houston, tx  | caci international






































small business  |
 suppliers






about us
|
what we do
|
media & events
|
investors
|
careers
|
contracts
|
contact us


join our talent network


about us
what we do
media & events
investors
careers
contracts
contact us
small business
suppliers




















careers
 | flight software development engineer - houston, tx







share this job














apply now
       




flight software development engineer
req #: 111484
location:


houston, 
		tx
us

job category: engineering
security clearance: naci
clearance status: must be current

job descriptioncaci is looking for an experienced and talented flight software development engineer with human-rated spacecraft expertise to work within the nasa / johnson space center community on the orion multi-purpose crew vehicle (mpcv) program.


duties and responsibilities:

this software engineering position involves flight software development in an object-oriented environment. work is performed in a rigorous agile sprint team environment. representative job responsibilities include: develop flight software in rhapsody. perform development and functional tests, and maintain regression tests. perform agile sprint software development activities, including planning, scrums, stories, issue tracking, demos, etc. participate in flight software release planning in denver, colorado. cross team collaboration with other system and subsystem flight software areas, such as service module, data team, etc. potential to lead team of software engineers. this work takes place near nasa/jsc in houston, tx, a highly stimulating and dynamic environment that is critical in human space flight and the space exploration initiative.


required qualifications:

- this position requires a self-motivated, capable person with strong verbal and written communication skills.
- in addition to outstanding technical expertise, the individual must be very people savvy, possess a positive team-player attitude, and be an articulate speaker able to communicate complex technical ideas in a convincing manner.
- must be a u.s. citizen.
- b.s / m.s. in electrical engineering, computer science, aerospace engineering, mechanical engineering, or related disciplines, and 5-15 years of experience with human spaceflight flight software development experience using c++ in an object-oriented environment.
- should have experience in greenhills rtos development and uml modeling using rhapsody.
- python scripting a plus, particularly in a software test environment.
- ability to manage multiple priorities with little supervision.
- must be a highly responsible, team-oriented individual with strong communication skills and work ethic.
- desired: experience on the orion program, agile software development, green hills integrity.


the position requires the ability to obtain and maintain a nasa background investigation.


company description:


caci employs a diverse range of talent to create an environment that fuels innovation and fosters continuous improvement and success. join caci, where you will have the opportunity to make an immediate impact by providing information solutions and services in support of national security missions and government transformation for intelligence, defense, and federal civilian clients. a member of the fortune 1000 largest companies and the russell 2000 index, caci provides dynamic careers for approximately 15,000 employees working in over 120 offices worldwide.



caci is an equal opportunity employer - females/minorities/protected veterans/individuals with disabilities.job locationus-houston-tx-houston 
caci employs a diverse range of talent to create an environment that fuels innovation and fosters continuous improvement and success. at caci, you will have the opportunity to make an immediate impact by providing information solutions and services in support of national security missions and government transformation for intelligence, defense, and federal civilian customers. caci is proud to provide dynamic careers for employees worldwide. caci is an equal opportunity employer - females/minorities/protected veterans/individuals with disabilities.



apply now
       



link for schema




featured careers
explore our featured opportunities available on multiple current and future programs.take a look


benefits
caci is proud to provide benefits that address your and your family's needs, today and for the future.explore


hiring events
visit us at an upcoming hiring event to learn more about what makes us an employer of choice.view calendar


our culture
caci has a vibrant culture and strong foundation of innovation - firmly based on ethics and integrity.learn more


talent network
join our talent network to be notified of events and careers at caci.
subscribe today






















equal opportunity employer | 
e-verify | 
recruitment fraud alert  | 
faqs  | 


© 2017 caci international  | 
terms of use  | 
 powered by smashfly




