



software developer

















































create a profile|log in







 











yes
no


















show details











sorry this job is not currently available.


                    refer job:
                        



 add to saved jobs






back




 software development engineer  department:      ott reports to:      principal solutions engineer description: the software development engineer works as part of the over the top team to participate in software development activities.  software development activities include but are not limited to providing automation to deliver communications, collaboration and hosted software application solutions to the market. the role is responsible for development of applications from exposed api’s and sdk’s in products we wish to provide to our customer base.  these applications shall also serve as a layer of abstraction to the multiple data sources reconciled by the company for distribution to the customer base. primary duties and responsibilities:  develops solutions through restful api development language necessary for the task. tasks include integrating software applications to provide custom hosted applications to customers at a higher level of service. brings value to hosting software throughout an iterative agile software lifecycle including; enhancements to existing applications, new solution development, customized portal webpages using such technologies as bootstrap and angularjs javascript frameworks. initiates new software solution ideas through the integration process after the solution has been introduced as a product offering. work within functional teams on design, development and overall best practices. collaborates with team members to ensure the satisfactory delivery of application capability to the customer in a profitable manner. qualifications: education, knowledge, skills, and abilities:   bachelor degree in computer science, engineering, or related field required or equivalent industry experience. minimum 4+ years of c#, .net, java, or javascript experience including usage of jquery, bootstrap and angularjs frameworks; html experience. minimum 3+ years of restful api development, configuration and administration experience in an enterprise environment. participation in the scrum methodology of software development life cycle: analysis, design, coding, testing and promotion into production. some knowledge of system design and development used within service oriented architecture and web services integration (soap, wsdl, jaxws) strong knowledge of web 2.0 technologies (java scripting, xml, html, ajax, jelly, css, perl scripting, etc.), powershell integration (interfacing) of enterprise software systems with a service platform experience working in and managing multiple update sets and coordinating their promotion throughout multiple instances. must be adaptable to work in a varied, fast paced exciting, ever changing environment capable of working independently and on a team; self-motivated; focused on career advancement; flexibility to work in a fast-paced and lean environment; effective at managing multiple issues simultaneously; able to adapt quickly to new projects and technologies  ·        high integrity, energy and enthusiasm   essential knowledge and skills:  knowledge on how to configure and develop core and custom solutions in an expanding service platform environment. will work with the functional teams in the design, development and implementation of applications and software integrations. the individual will also provide architectural input and maintain stability of the overall platform by ensuring the appropriate design and development standards are used at all times.  personal characteristics:  ·        optimistic attitude ·        communicate effectively ·        professional and ethical behavior ·        problem solver ·        self-motivated ·        good listener ·        must manage time efficiently and effectively   compensation: based on experience   the job duties listed in this job description may not be inclusive of all requirements of this position. other duties may be assigned by your supervisor and/or manager.  the above statements are intended to describe the essential functions and related requirements of persons assigned to this job.  they are not intended as exhaustive list of all job duties, responsibilities and requirements.







send to a friend










  
                                    please wait...






email this job ad to your friend(s) by adding their email address(es) along with your details to the field below:   *separate each recipient email address with a comma.

recipient email address(es):
                                            
                         
                

your first name:
 
                                                                                    
                

your last name:
                                              
                          
                
select which language the email should be sent in.

language:






send


















 










						this job opening is already listed as one of your interests. you cannot add the same job opening to your list of interests more than one time.

to see your list of interests, navigate to the application status tab within my profile
					

























account warning













log in
cancel
ok

















rignet, inc. is an equal opportunity employer. all associates and applicants shall be treated equally according to their individual qualifications, abilities, experiences and other employment standards. there will be no discrimination due to gender or gender identity, race, religion, color, national origin, ancestry, age, disability, sexual orientation, veteran/military status or any other basis protected by applicable law.accommodations: all interested and qualified persons should use our online career tools to review and apply for employment opportunities. if you have a disability and require special accommodations to access this site, please call +1-281-674-0100agency resumes or solicitation of service will not be considered for these opportunities. rignet, inc. has approved recruitment vendors in place and all vendors must have a current signed and agreed contract in place prior to submission of any resumes. rignet does not accept unsolicited resumes from any source other than directly from candidates and will not pay a fee for any unsolicited resumes.  rignet is a registered trademark of rignet, inc.








