







lead data engineer - philadelphia pa 19104

















skip navigation        












skip to main content
skip to navigation
penn medicine

expand search
menu

800-789-penn






access mypennmedicine
800-789-penn






close




mypennmedicine
						

800-789-penn
						



home










why penn?




locations




departments & centers




mypennmedicine














 















navigation	    		                            	






search        



      
my account        


           
                    saved jobs (0)
                



sign in                    












job details all job opportunities                











lead data engineer
 








job id:


56803
 


job category:


information services/technology/service desk/telecom
 


specialty area:


information services/technology/service desk/telec
 


primary shift:


day
 


work schedule:


full-time
 


penn medicine entity:


corporate services
 






location:


philadelphia, pa
 


address:


3001 market street
 


education required:


per position description
 


experience required:


per position description
 


employment type:


full-time regular
 











send this job to a friend


save

save


 apply with linkedin


apply now











penn medicine is dedicated to our tripartite mission of providing the highest level of care to patients, conducting innovative research, and educating future leaders in the field of medicine. working for this leading academic medical center means collaboration with top clinical, technical and business professionals across all disciplines. today at penn medicine, someone will make a breakthrough. someone will heal a heart, deliver hopeful news, and give comfort and reassurance. our employees shape our future each day. are you living your life's work?
 



position description:

the lead data engineer is responsible for the leading and development of complex data integration processes, data transformation, and developing advanced visualizations within penn medicine. this individual will be required to ensure that the extracted, transformed, and displayed information meets all clinical and business requirements of the organization and end-users.  this will entail creating new as well as maintaining and modifying existing development. this individual will be required to provide technical counsel, guidance, and technical leadership to other team members, consultants, is staff, and end-users within their core operating area.  it is expected that this person will mentor and assist in the growth of more junior team members.  this individual will be responsible for creating and maintaining accurate project and process documentation.  this position will be required to lead projects and work with other key is stakeholders and team leaders to coordinate necessary resources, outline action plans, and make final development decisions.
 



minimum requirements:

degree requirements and minimum experience required:• bachelor’s degree.  •       current internal penn medicine information services division employees may be considered with proof of active and continued enrollment in an approved bachelor degree program.• minimum of 10 years data warehousing, etl, and/or data visualization experience.skill requirements:  • extensive experience with databases and data architecture. • strong customer service orientation and ability to follow through issues to resolution.• ability to interact with all levels of healthcare personnel to include: is management staff, consulting staff, clinicians, clinical administrators, etc.• superior problem solving skills, the ability to work independently, and great communication skills are required. • experience managing projects and project personnel• extensive experience with mssql, t-sql, oracle, pl/sql, and/or advanced data processing tools such as ibm datastage, oracle endeca, etc is required; or extensive experience with the sap businessobjects suite (lumira, dashboard, design studio, etc) and other advanced visualization toolsets, such as d3 required.• experience working with a variety of data formats, such as xml, json, etc.preferred skill requirements:• experience with program and script languages such as c#, java, javascript, shell desired.• experience with very large data sets.• experience with big data solutions.• knowledge of healthcare operations and data structures and the use of information system applications in the practicing healthcare environment.
 



additional information:

 


we believe that the best care for our patients starts with the best care for our employees. our employee benefits programs help our employees get healthy and stay healthy. we offer a comprehensive compensation and benefits program that includes one of the finest prepaid tuition assistance programs in the region. penn medicine employees are actively engaged and committed to our mission. together we will continue to make medical advances that help people live longer, healthier lives.  penn medicinehttp://www.pennmedicine.org/careers/live your life's workeoe/aa, minority/female/disabled/veteran
 



we are an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer.  candidates are considered for employment without regard to race, ethnicity, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, religion, national origin, ancestry, age, disability, marital status, familial status, genetic information, domestic or sexual violence victim status, citizenship status, military status, status as a protected veteran or any other status protected by applicable law.                


























navigation	    		                            	






search        



      
my account        


           
                    saved jobs (0)
                



sign in                    


















jobdetails





please utilize the tabs buttons and links on this page to navigate between web pages. utilizing your web browser's back and forward arrows can create performance issues. 






careers
newsroom
refer your patient
contact us
privacy statement
legal disclaimer
employee resources



					penn medicine, philadelphia, pa
					800-789-7366
					© 2015, the trustees of the university of pennsylvania
				


follow us
facebook
linkedin
twitter
youtube







































 

