




machine learning engineer  in  jersey city, nj  | jpmorgan chase & co.




























































referral sponsor portal
sign up now!
login 






divisions
locations
programs
why us

apply

student programs
student events
experienced roles
need advice?




divisions
locations
programs
why us
apply

student programs
student events
experienced roles
need advice?




menu


referral portal









careers / job search / job details





















apply now
               

refer a friend






machine learning engineer

req #: 170108748
location:


jersey city, 
		nj,
                us

job category: technology
potential referral amount: 5000 us dollar (usd)


as an experienced machine learning engineer within our software engineering group, your mission is to help lead
our team of innovators and technologists toward creating next-level solutions
that improve the way our business is run. your deep knowledge of design,
analytics, development, coding, testing and application programming will help
your team raise their game, meeting your standards, as well as satisfying both
business and functional requirements. your expertise in various technology
domains will be counted on to set strategic direction and solve complex and
mission critical problems, internally and externally. your quest to embracing
leading-edge technologies and methodologies inspires your team to follow suit.
and best of all, you’ll be able to harness massive amounts of brainpower
through our global network of technologists from around the world.
 
the machine learning software engineer will be an early member
of a growing team responsible for designing and developing highly scalable
machine learning solutions that impact many areas of our business. the
individual in this role will collaborate with and mentor other machine learning
engineers and data scientists. 
 
an ideal candidate will have a background in software
engineering and data science; with expertise in machine learning, statistical
analysis and distributed systems. the candidate will be involved in all phases
of a project including ideation, design and implementation.
 
this role requires a wide variety of strengths and capabilities,
including:
expertise in application, data and infrastructure architecture
disciplinesadvanced knowledge of architecture, design and business processes keen understanding of financial control and budget managementability to work collaboratively in teams and develop meaningful
relationships to achieve common goalsstudy and analyze problems, propose solutions and design
experimentsdesign and build machine learning solutions to solve complex
problemsenhance our machine learning capabilities and expand our
infrastructurethis position is anticipated to 
require the use of one or more high security access (hsa) systems.  
users of these systems are subject to enhanced screening which includes 
both criminal and credit background checks, and/or other enhanced 
screening at the time of accepting the position and on an annual basis 
thereafter.  the enhanced screening will need to be successfully 
completed prior to commencing employment or assignment.

a post-graduate
degree (ms or phd) in a quantitative discipline (e.g. computer science,
mathematics, operations research, data science).2+
years of hands-on industry experience developing machine learning applications.4+
years of experience in a highly quantitative or analytical field.familiarity
with machine learning apis and computational packages (tensorflow, scikit-learn,
numpy).experience
working with large scale distributed systems (hadoop, spark).experience
programming in python, c++, java or scala.experience
translating analysis results into business recommendations.excellent
communication skills.


our consumer & community banking
group depends on innovators like you to serve nearly 66 million consumers and
over 4 million small businesses, municipalities and non-profits.  you’ll support the delivery of award winning
tools and services that cover everything from personal and small business
banking as well as lending, mortgages, credit cards, payments, auto finance and
investment advice. this group is also focused on developing and delivering
cutting edged mobile applications, digital experiences and next generation
banking technology solutions to better serve our clients and customers.
when you work at jpmorgan chase &
co., you’re not just working at a global financial institution. you’re an
integral part of one of the world’s biggest tech companies. in 14 technology
hubs worldwide, our team of 40,000+ technologists design, build and deploy
everything from enterprise technology initiatives to big data and mobile
solutions, as well as innovations in electronic payments, cybersecurity,
machine learning, and cloud development. our $9.5b+ annual investment in
technology enables us to hire people to create innovative solutions that will
not only transform the financial services industry, but also change the
world.  


at jpmorgan chase & co. we value the
unique skills of every employee, and we’re building a technology organization
that thrives on diversity.  we encourage
professional growth and career development, and offer competitive benefits and
compensation.  if you’re looking to build
your career as part of a global technology team tackling big challenges that
impact the lives of people and companies all around the world, we want to meet
you.  

ready
to use your expertise and experience to drive change? apply today.


apply now
               

refer a friend













join our talent community
not ready to apply? leave your information with us and we will keep you up to date with new career opportunities.
join now



things to note
sign in to our application system to continue your job search or update your profile.
current employees sign in here.  contractors sign in here.
any information you provide is confidential and will only be viewed by our recruiters in an effort to fill open positions. in addition, the information you provide is subject to our privacy policy practices.
please note that j.p. morgan will not accept unsolicited approaches or speculative cvs, nor will j.p. morgan be responsible for any related fees, from third party firms who are not preferred suppliers.
the firm invites all interested and qualified candidates to apply for employment opportunities.
need disability related assistance?
if you are a us or canadian applicant with a disability who is unable to use our online tools to search and apply for jobs, please click here.
important links
click here to view the "eeo is the law" poster.
click here to view the "eeo is the law" supplemental poster.
click here to view our u.s. pay transparency policy.
jpmorgan chase is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer disability/veteran.







your career. your way.

privacy & security
terms of use
cookies policy


equal opportunities
site map










corporate twitter links




jpmorgan



chase







corporate facebook links




jpmorgan chase



chase







corporate linkedin links


j.p. morgan


jpmorgan chase


chase






corporate youtube links


j.p. morgan


chase






corporate instagram links


j.p. morgan


chase





jpmorganchase.com
jpmorgan.com
chase.com





corporate twitter links



j.p. morgan



chase







corporate facebook links



j.p. morgan chase



chase







corporate linkedin links


j.p. morgan


jpmorgan chase


chase






corporate youtube links


j.p. morgan


chase






corporate instagram links


j.p. morgan


chase












© 2017 jpmorgan chase & co. all rights reserved. powered by smashfly











