



job application for software engineer, geospatial insights at azavea






















          apply now
        
software engineer, geospatial insights

        at azavea
      

        philadelphia, pa
      


overview
azavea is a civic technology firm based in philadelphia that uses geospatial data to build software and data analytics for the web.  as a b corporation, our mission is to use advanced geospatial technology for civic, social, and environmental impact. most of our customers are local governments, non-profit organizations, and academic or federal research projects.  we build custom web applications; perform geospatial analysis; manage and contribute to several open source civic software projects (districtbuilder, opentreemap, geotrellis, and others).  our engineers work across the technology stack, from modern browser-based front-ends to robust service-based backends residing on scalable infrastructure.
we’re looking for a software engineer that is passionate about building applications that will have a positive impact – someone interested in public service, but not necessarily in working for a government or a non-profit organization.  we are looking for generalists who thrive on working in a variety of technology environments, and want to build user-focused applications that sit on top of well-engineered infrastructure.
we’re excited about what we do, we're growing, and we hope you will join us.
 
skills & requirements
the geospatial insights team
azavea has a handful of engineering teams, all of which develop web software for processing and visualizing geospatial data.  the teams differ in terms of the specific projects they develop and whether they are primarily focused on products or professional services.  the geospatial insights team currently focuses on developing two web products: hunchlab and districtbuilder. hunchlab is a saas offering for law enforcement agencies that applies statistics and machine learning to create a proactive patrol management system used to improve public safety in communities across the country. districtbuilder is an open source web application for engaging the public with the legislative redistricting process. the geospatial insights team does most of its work with javascript (angularjs), python (django), scala, and postgresql. all supporting infrastructure for applications resides on amazon web services (aws) and is delivered with a combination of ansible, docker, terraform, and a wide variety of aws services.
what you’ll do:

build features, apis and web clients based on wireframes and designs developed by our ux design team.
engage in multidisciplinary work that applies an agile process (scrum board, daily stand-ups and two-week iterations) to design, architect, develop, test and deploy software.
optimize database, service and client performance to create applications with both functional and responsive user experiences.
build and deploy services in a repeatable way to aws.
contribute to both a growing company and to the open source communities that support our work.

you should:

know how to build and support scalable web applications in python/django, scala/akka http, or other language-specific web framework.
demonstrate fluency in core web technologies (html/css/js) and contemporary javascript libraries like angularjs and react.
understand how aws, docker, and terraform help our infrastructure.
be comfortable with virtualization or containerization in a unix environment.
be excited about working with a small, collaborative team on meaningful projects.

you get extra points for:

background in math and statistics.
experience with open source or commercial geospatial toolkits like openlayers, leaflet, geoserver, postgis, carto, arcgis, and googlemaps.
experience with mobile apps (ios, android or react native).
experience scaling applications within aws.
knowledge of distributed computing frameworks, like hadoop, spark, and amazon mr.
demonstrating your open source or other community service contributions.

you’ll notice that we don’t say “x-y years of experience” or “m.s. in computer science.”  formal credentials like these are not irrelevant, but we are primarily looking for people who have had experience successfully building sophisticated web applications.  you might have had these kinds of experiences without a college degree.  or you may be just out of school but worked your way through school and had some great co-op experiences.  or you might have a math or humanities background but a have a great head for software development.  these are all potentially great backgrounds, and we’d be interested in hearing from you.
 
office and benefits
our philadelphia office is located in a brightly lit office on the 5th floor of a converted factory building in the callowhill neighborhood, a short walk from center city, the reading terminal market, and septa subway and regional rail stations.  for bicyclists, we have in-house bike parking, a shower and lockers.  it’s an open office plan with several smaller rooms for team meetings, private space and concentration time.  you get a top-end linux workstation or apple laptop with extra monitors.  we have flex-time to deal with personal stuff, and most people work a 40 - 45 hour week on a regular schedule.  after the first six months, our staff can also spend up to 10% of their time on a geospatial open source, professional development, or r&d project.  for example, some of our colleagues are contributors to the postgis, openlayers, gdal and geotrellis projects.  other research projects have included improving application delivery tool chains; using fft for fast kernel density estimation; working with spark to develop machine learning tools; and using gpus for faster raster data processing.  once a quarter, we all get together to share our research and learning with our colleagues.
we offer a salary commensurate with skills and experience and a benefits package that includes:

fully subsidized health care, dental, prescription plan, including for spouse/partner and children
fully subsidized life and long term disability insurance, plus voluntary short term disability insurance
medical reimbursement plan to cover what the health insurance does not
retirement plan with matching percentage
almost 4 weeks paid vacation plus additional paid sick/personal time off
family and medical leave
flexible work schedule
paid maternity and paternity leave
child care subsidy
paid time off for voting and volunteering
education assistance plan
student loan assistance
public transit and biking reimbursement plans
monthly guest lectures with lunches on the house
10% time for research or learning projects
profit-sharing bonus plan
financial transparency through an open book policy
kind, capable and thoughtful colleagues

 
we welcome qualified candidates from all walks of life and value diversity in our company, and we prohibit discrimination based on race, color, religion, ancestry, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, veteran status, military service, disability unrelated to job requirements, marital status, or domestic partner status.







apply for this job

* required
        


first name *



last name *



email *



phone



resume/cv *


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 














cover letter


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 

















please include any link(s) to your online showcases (github, sourceforge,bitbucket, etc...). if you don't have something you can share due to nda, confidentiality, etc. please skip the question.
    






where did you hear about this job posting/azavea? *






if you do not currently live in the philadelphia region, are you willing to re-locate? *



please selectyes
no
i currently live in the philadelphia region.


are you currently eligible to work in the united states? *



--
yes
no


if relevant, you may provide additional information about your work eligibility status:
    





what is your salary requirement? if you are flexible, please provide a range. *






what are the three main criteria you are looking for in a job? (if you had a job offer from azavea and another offer from company b, what criteria would you use to make the decision? e.g. location, technology, social impact, type of work, title, culture, benefits, work/life balance, opportunity for growth, learning, etc.) *









u.s. equal opportunity employment information (completion is voluntary)


  individuals seeking employment at azavea are considered without regards
  to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical
  or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation. you are
  being given the opportunity to provide the following information in order to help us
  comply with federal and state equal employment opportunity/affirmative action record
  keeping, reporting, and other legal requirements.


  completion of the form is entirely voluntary. whatever your decision,
  it will not be considered in the hiring process or thereafter. any information that you
  do provide will be recorded and maintained in a confidential file.


gender
please selectmale
female
decline to self identify


are you hispanic/latino?
please selectyes
no
decline to self identify


please identify your race
please selectamerican indian or alaskan native
asian
black or african american
hispanic or latino
white
native hawaiian or other pacific islander
two or more races
decline to self identify


      race & ethnicity definitions


  if you believe you belong to any of the categories of protected veterans listed below,
  please indicate by making the appropriate selection.  as a government contractor
  subject to vietnam era veterans readjustment assistance act (vevraa), we request this
  information in order to measure the effectiveness of the outreach and positive
  recruitment efforts we undertake pursuant to vevraa. classification of protected
  categories is as follows:


  a "disabled veteran" is one of the following: a veteran of the u.s. military, ground,
  naval or air service who is entitled to compensation (or who but for the receipt of
  military retired pay would be entitled to compensation) under laws administered by the
  secretary of veterans affairs; or a person who was discharged or released from active
  duty because of a service-connected disability.


  a "recently separated veteran" means any veteran during the three-year period beginning
  on the date of such veteran's discharge or release from active duty in the u.s.
  military, ground, naval, or air service.


  an "active duty wartime or campaign badge veteran" means a veteran who served on active
  duty in the u.s. military, ground, naval or air service during a war, or in a campaign
  or expedition for which a campaign badge has been authorized under the laws
  administered by the department of defense.


  an "armed forces service medal veteran" means a veteran who, while serving on active
  duty in the u.s. military, ground, naval or air service, participated in a united
  states military operation for which an armed forces service medal was awarded pursuant
  to executive order 12985.


veteran status
please selecti am not a protected veteran
i identify as one or more of the classifications of a protected veteran
i don't wish to answer



form cc-305
omb control number 1250-0005
expires 1/31/2020

voluntary self-identification of disability
why are you being asked to complete this form?

  because we do business with the government, we must reach out to, hire, and provide
  equal opportunity to qualified people with disabilities1.  to help us
  measure how well we are doing, we are asking you to tell us if you have a disability or
  if you ever had a disability.  completing this form is voluntary, but we hope that you
  will choose to fill it out.  if you are applying for a job, any answer you give will be
  kept private and will not be used against you in any way.


  if you already work for us, your answer will not be used against you in any way.
  because a person may become disabled at any time, we are required to ask all of our
  employees to update their information every five years.  you may voluntarily
  self-identify as having a disability on this form without fear of any punishment
  because you did not identify as having a disability earlier.

how do i know if i have a disability?

  you are considered to have a disability if you have a physical or mental impairment or
  medical condition that substantially limits a major life activity, or if you have a
  history or record of such an impairment or medical condition.

disabilities include, but are not limited to:

blindness
deafness
cancer
diabetes
epilepsy
autism
cerebral palsy
hiv/aids
schizophrenia
muscular dystrophy
bipolar disorder
major depression
multiple sclerosis (ms)
missing limbs or partially missing limbs
post-traumatic stress disorder (ptsd)
obsessive compulsive disorder
impairments requiring the use of a wheelchair
intellectual disability (previously called mental retardation)


disability status
please selectyes, i have a disability (or previously had a disability)
no, i don't have a disability
i don't wish to answer

reasonable accommodation notice

  federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified
  individuals with disabilities. please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation
  to apply for a job or to perform your job.  examples of reasonable accommodation
  include making a change to the application process or work procedures, providing
  documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using
  specialized equipment.


1section 503 of the rehabilitation act of 1973, as amended.  for more
  information about this form or the equal employment obligations of federal contractors,
  visit the u.s. department of labor's office of federal contract compliance programs
  (ofccp) website at www.dol.gov/ofccp.


  public burden statement:  according to the paperwork reduction act of 1995 no persons
  are required to respond to a collection of information unless such collection displays
  a valid omb control number. this survey should take about 5 minutes to complete.








 



share this job:    













powered by 

 
      read our privacy policy
















