


    data science intern (spring 2018) at applecart






























                    applecart.co
                

                    website
                    
















data science intern (spring 2018)

new york, united states
part-time





applecart deploys proprietary technology to run smarter advertising campaigns. we work with some of the nation’s most prominent corporations, non-profit organizations, and political candidates to activate and communicate with key target audiences at a scale and level of efficacy previously thought impossible. part high-level strategic consultancy, part cutting-edge data r+d lab, applecart offers proven solutions derived from objective, iterative experimentation. our core offering is a proprietary social graph that leverages publicly-available data to map real-world relationships between individuals at national scale. our roots are in politics, where we have tested and honed our methods at every level, in high-impact circumstances. we have branched out beyond political campaigns to tackle new advertising challenges in which determining “who knows whom” provides decisive advantages for our clients.
applecart’s political work has been featured by the colbert report, cnn, the washington post, the associated press, usa today, the huffington post, bloomberg, among other prominent news outlets.
 
as a data scientist intern, you will be experimenting with new data science product prototypes, building out data-driven enhancements of our social graph and creation of powerful machine learning applications from leveraging said graph. your work will directly impact our clients in the form of changing election outcomes, increasing political and non-profit fundraising yields and optimizing advertising spends and risk assessments.
responsibilities:

work with complex, varying social and demographic data sets. apply non-routine graph analysis, machine learning and statistical techniques to synthesize behavioral predictions.
conduct end-to-end analysis that includes data gathering, processing, analysis, and visualizations in support of client deliverables.
interact cross-functionally with a wide variety of people and teams. work closely with political strategists, product managers, analysts, and data engineers to prototype new opportunities and potential improvements to applecart products and deliverables.

basic qualifications:

currently enrolled in, or recent graduate from, a bs or ms degree program in computer science, math, statistics or other technical field.
strong coding ability. desire to work in python.
demonstrated effective written and verbal communication skills.
applied, project or academic experience with hands-on machine learning.
experience in manipulating data sets through a variety of statistical packages (e.g. pandas, r, julia, matlab)

preferred qualifications:

proficiency in modern ml frameworks (e.g. sparkml, pytorch, tensorflow)
history of being a self-starter. someone who challenges the status quo, identifies problems small and large, and will take proactive steps to propose and implement solutions for those problems.
familiarity with social network analysis, graph theory or machine learning on networks.
significant interest or experience in politics, advertising technology and/or behavior modeling is a big plus.

logistical details

location: new york, ny
application deadline: january 15, 2018
internship term: spring 2018 (with potential to extend to summer 2018)
this is a paid internship
applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis






apply for this opening





                                        apply with linkedin
                                    






                                    apply with indeed
                                


apply for this opening at 
                        http://applecart.recruiterbox.com/jobs/fk0fzag?apply=true



 other openings at applecart
                                
see all the jobs at applecart here: 
                                    http://applecart.recruiterbox.com/jobs
                                






                        fetching your linkedin profile ...
                    



application form




                        apply with linkedin
                    





                        apply with indeed
                    






                        first name
                         *
                    




                        last name
                        
                    




                        email
                         *
                    




                        phone
                         *
                    




                        resume
                         *
                    




                        cover letter
                         *
                    
















thanks for your time





apply for this opening



                    apply with linkedin
                



                    apply with indeed
                

share this opening with friends








 other openings at applecart
                    
see all the jobs at applecart here: 
                        http://applecart.recruiterbox.com/jobs
                    














powered by
recruiterbox















