



careers

























careers  |  contact 






























































































































































































                                 

                                 

                                 

                                 

                                 

                                 












job details






















requisition number
17-0766


post date
11/16/2017


title
data analyst


organization name
macmillan learning


city
new york


state
ny


description
macmillan learning is a part of the family-owned holtzbrinck group of companies and is one of the leading educational technology companies. through deep partnership with the world's best researchers, educators, administrators, and developers, we facilitate
 teaching and learning opportunities that spark student engagement and improve outcomes. we provide educators with tailored solutions designed to inspire student curiosity and measure progress. macmillan learning is comprised of renowned brands including bedford/st.
 martins, w.h. freeman, worth publishers, sapling learning, skyfactor, intellus learning, late nite labs, and hayden-mcneil. we are an equal opportunity employer committed to reflecting a broad representation of differences -- race, ethnicity, religion, sex,
 sexual orientation, gender identity/expression, physical ability, age, family status, economic background and status, geographical background and status, and perspective-- in our workplace. the successful candidate for this position will become an employee
 of bedford freeman & worth publishing group, llc (“bfw”), d/b/a macmillan learning. bedford freeman & worth publishing group, llc has developed an affirmative action program in compliance with the ny department of education’s guidance. portions of the affirmative
 action program are available for review by applicants and employees by contacting human resources.


requirements
purpose of the role:
the data analyst works to develop and present opportunities to improve business practices by collecting, analyzing, and transforming data into useful and meaningful information that encourages more effective, strategic, and operational insight and collaborative
 decision-making.

responsibilities:

project proposal
• identify, evaluate and/or recommend analytics projects that will have significant impact on business operations, customer or supplier results.
work with management to prioritize potential projects and key performance indicators.

data acquisition and preparation
•recommend multiple tools to acquire structured and unstructured data to support analyses.
recommend multiple tools (r, python, java, etc.) to structure data to support analyses, for example in feature creation and selection.

data analytics
•recommend and utilize open source tools to perform machine learning-based analysis of data including potentially supervised learning, unsupervised learning, and reinforcement learning techniques on natural language, structured and unstructured data.
use statistical methods to analyze data

data visualization and communication
•recommend and utilize open source tools to develop visualizations for exploratory data analysis and communication of recommendations. develop data-backed summaries of findings and recommendations.

skills/experience required:
• strong communication skills, verbally, in writing, and presentation
• demonstrated proficiency in technology and data analysis
• proven analytical and problem-solving skills
• self-motivated
• strong research skills
• strong organization and time management skills
• working knowledge of data structure and modeling
• experience with analytical programming languages such as r, python, and java
• strong understanding of statistical principals
• programming or prototyping experience preferred 
• experience with online homework systems preferred 
• experience with crm systems, e.g. salesforce preferred 
• experience with html, latex, javascript, php preferred

education requirements: 
• m.s. or ph.d. in technical discipline




apply on-line



send this job to a friend
















































































































































































                                 about us | careers | contact | site
                                            map | terms of use | privacy notice  
                                
visit a publisher’s website
 
adult trade
- - - - - - - - - -
farrar, straus & giroux
first second books
henry holt
macmillan audio
picador
st. martin's press
tor/forge
 
children’s
- - - - - - - - - -
feiwel & friends
farrar, straus & giroux books for young
                                        readers
henry holt books for young readers
priddy books
square fish books
tor starscape
 
college & academic
- - - - - - - - - -
bedford/st. martin's
palgrave macmillan
w.h. freeman
worth publishers
 
magazines & journals
- - - - - - - - - -
nature
scientific american




macmillan 2007 





































































 