

	job posting details.













associate, data scientist
kpmg
new york, ny  united states


the fastest growing big four professional services firm in the u.s., kpmg is known for being a great place to work and build a career. we provide audit, tax and advisory services for organizations in today’s most important industries. our growth is driven by delivering real results for our clients. it’s also enabled by our culture, which encourages individual development, embraces an inclusive environment, rewards innovative excellence and supports our communities.  with qualities like those, it’s no wonder we’re consistently ranked among the best companies to work for by fortune magazine, consulting magazine, working mother magazine, diversity inc. and others. if you’re as passionate about your future as we are, join our team.kpmg is currently seeking an associate, to join our advanced data analytics organization.responsibilities:retrieve, process and prepare a rich data variety of data sources such as social media, news, internal/external documents, emails, financial data, and operational data analyze and model structured data and implement algorithms to support analysis using advanced statistical and mathematical methods from statistics, machine learning, data mining, econometrics, and operations research perform statistical natural language processing to mine unstructured data, using methods such as document clustering, topic analysis, named entity recognition, document classification, and sentiment analysis utilize a diverse array of technologies and tools as needed, to deliver insights, such as r, sas, python, spark, hadoop, qlikview, and tableau participate in client engagements focused on big data and advanced business analytics, in diverse domains such as risk management, product development, marketing research, supply chain, public policy; communicate results and educate others through reports and presentationsqualifications:a minimum of two years of professional experience as a data scientistmaster’s, or phd in computer science, statistics, mathematics, engineering, econometrics, or related fields from an accredited college or universitystrong mathematical background with strong knowledge in at least one of the following fields: statistics, data mining, machine learning, statistics, operations research, econometrics, natural language processing, and/or information retrieval deep experience in extracting, cleaning, preparing and modeling data experience with command-line scripting, data structures, and algorithms; ability to work in a linux environment and proficiency in analysis (e.g. r, sas, matlab) packages as well as proficiency in programming languages (e.g. python, ruby, java, scala) ability to travel up to eighty percent of the timekpmg llp (the u.s. member firm of kpmg international) offers a comprehensive compensation and benefits package. kpmg is an equal opportunity employer. all qualified applicants are considered for employment without regard to race, color, creed, religion, age, sex/gender, national origin, ancestry, citizenship status, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability,  physical or mental handicap unrelated to ability, pregnancy, veteran status, unfavorable discharge from military service, genetic information, or other legally protected status.  kpmg maintains a drug-free workplace. kpmg will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable local, state or federal law (including san francisco ordinance number 131192). no phone calls or agencies please.



click here to apply for this position.

job code: 69637
59197618






