



pymetrics - jobs: data analyst - apply online

























all jobs
→
data analyst

data analyst
new york, united states · data

descriptiondo you want to work at the intersection of neuroscience, business, and technology? do you want to bring the power and complexity of predictive analytics to the workplace?using neuroscience-based assessments and machine learning algorithms, pymetrics is reinventing the recruiting industry by matching candidates to jobs and companies where they are most likely to succeed. we are leading the charge in an evolving industry, and growing our amazing team to support the mission of using data to unleash one's full potential and remove bias from hiring.we are looking for a talented data analyst who has a curiosity for solving problems and a propensity for exploring data. you will work with the data team to draw insights into what makes our clients unique, and use a growing data set to explore how neuro-cognitive traits predict job fit. the ideal candidate will have some exposure to data science and machine learning, statistics, and computer programming.requirements bs/ba required. 0-2 years experience in the field.  some experience with computer programming: ability to work with large, messy datasets to perform data processing, manipulation, and analysis. experience in python and its scientific libraries (scipy, scikit, pandas, numpy) is a big plus.   some experience with statistics (1+ course). strong interest in data science, machine learning, and predictive modeling (previous exposure is even better!):ability to think critically about data, developing creative solutions to unique problems.  effectively communicate results via written reports and presentations explaining complex problems and solutions to non-technical audiences. prefers working in a collaborative environment. benefits health care plan (medical, dental & vision) paid time off (vacation, sick & public holidays) family leave (maternity, paternity) training & development transportation reimbursement wellness resources stock option plan your own computer equipment dog friendly office midtown manhattan location great entry-level experience in data analytics / data science 

apply for this job











pymetrics website

powered by
workable





