




machine learning platform data engineer - apps systems engineer 5 description at wells fargo






























skip navigation






close

our benefits
our values
our hiring process



social media

twitter
linkedin
youtube
glassdoor
facebook













search our jobs

search our jobs

keyword



location



radius
select
5 miles
15 miles
25 miles
35 miles
50 miles



search our jobs




    in order to provide you with a better search experience, we will be performing scheduled site maintenance starting saturday 12/16, 6:00am cst through 2:00pm cst. you will not be able to apply for jobs during this maintenance period. we are sorry for any inconvenience this may have caused but we look forward to you continuing your search soon.





job description
machine learning platform data engineer - apps systems engineer 5
apply now
job id 5373398 schedule type reg-time work hours 40 location minneapolis, minnesota, west des moines, iowa, chandler, arizona, san francisco, california, new york, new york, charlotte, north carolina, north brunswick, new jersey, san antonio, texas, winston-salem, north carolina, st louis, missouri;

job descriptionthe enterprise artificial intelligence and machine learning  platform team is looking for a highly motivated and experienced machine learning data engineering resource with machine learning background. the role will require the candidate to support data ingestion to hadoop & develop python,r batch jobs, to install, configure, and support machine learning tools on machine learning platform. the individual will be responsible for post-production support of data ingestion process and machine learning platform.responsibilities1. participate in the data ingestion process from source to hadoop and machine learning platform.2. work with data sources to define the process touch points and tools.3. manage the ml platform data staging environment. work with applications provide prediction and scoring data models.4. development of python/r/java based applications.5. coordinating with hadoop team to install necessary software for machine learning.6. post production support of the data related issues.7. work with users to coordinate the access to environments.8. support of batch processing applications.9. support of rest api services.10. work with business and technical leaders, sponsors, and analysts on problem understanding, requirements and architecture discovery, analyze complex business requirements, data analysis and modeling, designs and writes functional and technical specifications.required qualifications7+ years of application development and implementation experience3+ years of experience with machine learning toolsdesired qualificationsgood verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skillsagile experiencesdlc (system development life cycle) experienceability to work effectively in virtual environment where key team members and partners are in various time zones and locationsknowledge and understanding of project management methodologies: used in waterfall or agile development projectsother desired qualifications 5+ years of experience in etl/data modeling of big data on hadoop  8+ years of experience in python,r based applications and or services 2+ years of experience with machine learning using python/r/sparkml etc. 4+ years of experience with big data/ hadoop hands on expertise in linux commands and should be an expert in linux environment experience with spark/hive/kafka understanding of deep learning concepts developing and managing rest api using java,python ,rjob expectationsability to work on call as assignedability to work nights, weekends, and/or holidays as needed or scheduledstreet addressaz-chandler: 2600 s price rd - chandler, azca-sf-financial district: 333 market st - san francisco, caia-west des moines: 7001 westown pkwy - west des moines, iamn-minneapolis: 255 2nd ave s - minneapolis, mnmo-saint louis: 1 n jefferson ave - saint louis, monj-north brunswick: 100 fidelity plz - north brunswick, njny-new york: 150 e 42nd st - new york, nync-charlotte: 1525 w wt harris blvd - charlotte, ncnc-winston salem: 809 w 4 1/2 st - winston salem, nctx-san antonio: 4101 wiseman blvd - san antonio, txdisclaimerall offers for employment with wells fargo are contingent upon the candidate having successfully completed a criminal background check.  wells fargo will consider qualified candidates with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable local, state and federal law, including section 19 of the federal deposit insurance act.relevant military experience is considered for veterans and transitioning service men and women.wells fargo is an affirmative action and equal opportunity employer, minority/female/disabled/veteran/gender identity/sexual orientation.

0212013 corporate finance
apply now




share

linkedin
twitter
email




about our location
minneapolis office
view map 


sign up for our talent community
sign up


email addressselect your interestsjoin the wells fargo family, where we work together to help our customers and each other achieve success. explore our career opportunities and apply today. select a category and/or location to receive job alerts that match your interests then click “add.”categorylocationaddremove

confirm email















related jobs


performance engineer- apps systems engineer 4 - minneapolis, minnesota


intake leader - business initiatives manager - minneapolis, minnesota


analytic consultant 2 - business intelligence development on web portal for wells fargo marketing - san francisco, california




find jobs near you





working at wells fargo – our hiring process











consumer lending
consumer lending









financial analyst
financial analyst









blog
blog











wells fargo is committed to hiring and retaining diverse team members including military veterans, veterans with disabilities, and transitioning military personnel. we are working to increase diverse representation throughout the company and create an inclusive environment for all team members. when recruiting, we work with talent resources that focus on diversity and veterans. we attend veteran-focused job fairs and identify military veteran job seekers through resources like military.com, recruit military.com, hire vets first, our internal veterans’ team member network and others. to learn more about career opportunities with our company, please visit us at wellsfargo.com/careers.
we also welcome you to visit our military employment portal at wellsfargo-veterans.jobs. this innovative platform allows service men and women preparing to transition into civilian life to use their current military occupation code (moc) or military occupation specialty (mos) to easily find civilian jobs on corporate career sites. this technology provides the cornerstone all companies need to start effectively communicating their available employment opportunities to military men and women who are transitioning into civilian life.









legal notices
eeo is the law
site map

relevant military experience is considered for veterans and transitioning service men and women. wells fargo is an affirmative action and equal opportunity employer, minority/female/disabled/veteran/gender identity/sexual orientation. 
© 2017 wells fargo bank, n.a. all rights reserved.
















-->
	
	









