



job application for data scientist at nestio























          apply now
        
data scientist

        at nestio
      
(view all jobs)

        new york
      


we’re looking for someone who has a strong passion for turning large data sets into actionable insights that drive improved business performance. nestio has a unique data set of proprietary listings, market data and insights derived from years of client interactions. you will have the opportunity to save our clients thousands of man hours by automating reporting that they still manually compile. with a small team, you will be a data analyst and data scientist combo, with the intention of growing the team in the future. our first data scientist will take on an ambitious project to provide our clients with insights and reporting that will help them make better decisions in order grow their (and our!) businesses.

we are looking for someone who is:

analytical: you have a strong attention to detail and can use data to form conclusions
resourceful: you can get the work done with little guidance and can get scrappy when you have to drive results
communicative: you’re not afraid to speak up when you’re blocked, and you share your findings/projects early and often
curious: you like to ask questions and find solutions
actionable: you don’t just theorize and analyze, you swiftly take action on what you find

what you'll do:

develop and deliver high-impact tools and insights comprised of aggregated data sets and advanced algorithms with a clean user experience
define a methodology to generate unique data insights that will drive innovation internally and client success externally
manage multiple priorities across a mix of ad-hoc and operational projects
ability to clearly communicate research findings to technical and non-technical decision-makers.
drive the collection and manipulation of new data and the refinement of existing data sources
apply cutting edge technology to helping solve age-old problems including the pricing and marketing of real estate
behave as a mentor to less experienced team members

what you've done/what you have:

3+ years professional experience
knowledge and understanding of statistical and predictive modeling techniques, including machine learning algorithms
experience testing and validating statistical hypotheses
deep experience with python and an expert at sql
expertise with periscope, looker or similar bi tool
bonus: some managerial experience
bonus: past experience building out client facing b2b tools


why you care:
nestio offers the most complete marketing and leasing management solution for residential landlords and brokers. we capture and structure data and insights from the thousands of real estate listings and millions of consumer interactions that pass through our system each day, and surface those to our clients through our beautiful, easy-to-use platform. from top national management companies to boutique brokerages, thousands of multifamily professionals rely on nestio’s intuitive software to manage their inventory from one place, optimize the tenant experience from prospect to close and drive more revenue.







apply for this job

* required
        











(optional)

almost there! review your information then click 'submit application' to apply.



first name *



last name *



email *



phone



resume/cv


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 














cover letter


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 

















linkedin profile
    





website
    





how did you hear about this job? *












 



share this job:    













powered by 

 
      read our privacy policy
















