



job application for data scientist at dstillery






















          apply now
        
data scientist

        at dstillery
      
(view all jobs)

        new york
      


dstillery is a tech pioneer that helps advertisers realize the potential opportunities arising with the growth of digital media in all its forms. data science is at the core of our offerings, and as a result all members of our data science team have the opportunity to make a large impact on our company and the industry.
about us:

as a team and as a company, we are large enough that there is plenty of support and collaboration, but small enough that your work and ideas can have real impact.
we have huge, rich, and thoughtfully managed collection of data to play with, and a solid infrastructure in which to use it.
we participate in the intellectual community by publishing papers and attending conferences, but our first priorities are building innovative data products and producing actionable insights.
our team has expertise from a range of fields and is looking for someone to contribute another unique approach towards using data to solve problems in a collaborative environment.

role:

prototype ideas, run experiments, and iterate in order to design data driven solutions to business problems.
contribute innovative ideas to enhance or develop products using new or existing data streams.
independently drive the direction of your own projects, reaching out to others within the team and in other teams when needed.
present and promote results to internal stakeholders and external clients and partners.
support and improve existing data science products.
pursue patents where applicable.
contribute to thought leadership in the community with presentations and publications.

 
qualifications:

m.s. or ph.d. in a quantitative field (e.g. machine learning, statistics, physical science, or quantitative social science).
experience using real data to solve real problems is a must.
the ideal candidate has experience working with data to develop innovative products in a business context.
expertise in statistical modeling, machine learning, and fluency in the related technical tools is a must. expertise in nlp is a plus.
programming skills (we primarily use python and java).
excellent oral and written communication skills; comfort in a client-facing role.
a track record in contributing to publications, presentations, external collaborations and service to the research community is a plus.








apply for this job

* required
        


first name *



last name *



email *



phone



resume/cv *


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 














cover letter


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 

















linkedin profile
    





website
    





how did you hear about this job? *












 



share this job:    













powered by 

 
      read our privacy policy
















