



job application for data analyst at paperless post






















          apply now
        
data analyst

        at paperless post
      

        new york
      


paperless post is seeking a data analyst for the analytics team with an innate curiosity about user behavior to play a vital role in driving our business forward. you’ll work closely with business development, marketing, product and strategy teams to derive insights from complex data sets, documenting partnership metrics, analyzing kpis, and distilling them into data and visualizations that are accessible and actionable. as one of our resident experts in data analysis, you’ll train cross-functional teams to use our internal bi tools, helping them to move the needle in an impactful way. you'll also work closely with our data scientists to build sophisticated, technical models including event classification, a/b testing and customer ltv modeling.
 
what you’ll do here

develop deep understanding of kpi performance metrics to help cross-functional business stakeholders derive insights about partnership offerings, revenue, events, and press and identify business opportunities.
provide back-end reporting and create data visualizations that are easy for stakeholders to interpret.
present findings and recommend product or positioning changes based on robust analysis of user behavior.

 
what you bring to the table

2+ years experience working with data and statistical analysis and a proven track record of deriving insights from data.
strong command of sql and excel; other relevant languages (e.g., r, python) a plus.
experience building reports in a bi tool (e.g., chartio, looker, domo).
ability to present complex information in an easy-to-understand and digestible manner.
strong work ethic, intellectual curiosity, good judgment, mature and positive attitude.
undergraduate degree in a technical discipline. graduate degree a plus.

 
a little bit about us
the pp team plays a crucial role in our product’s success. we get to dive into advanced data work—from machine learning to visualization, classifier creation to etl pipelines—that solve complex business problems and increase the functional capabilities of everyone throughout the company. on the reporting side, we help ensure that all teams have the information they need to make sound business decisions. above all, we’re a team that is excited about what we do. 
 
company-wide we enjoy an amazing ecosystem of an even gender split and healthy balance of engineers and designers. because paperless post isn’t supported by ad revenue, we get to spend our days focused on creating and improving on the ideal version of our platform, product, content, and partnerships for our users. 
 
we are proud that paperless post helped over 80 million people connect in the real world last year.  our product is global, and we are committed to being a company where everyone belongs. we encourage people from all backgrounds, races, genders, and abilities to apply!








apply for this job

* required
        


first name *



last name *



email *



phone



resume/cv *


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 














cover letter *


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 

















website
    





portfolio
    


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach file
dropbox
google drive
 












how did you hear about this job?
    











 



share this job:    













powered by 

 
      read our privacy policy

















