














career opportunities: software engineer (automation/machine control (1801) 



























javascript is turned off in your web browser. turn it on to take full advantage of this site, then refresh the page.

loading...














skip to main content












career opportunities: software engineer (automation/machine control (1801)




















req # 1801 - posted 11/11/2017 - us - pa - horsham - engineering



 &nbspjob description print preview









	                  apply
	                 
	         	 
              




                  apply using linkedin™
                 
               
              







	                  save job
	                





	                  email job to friend
	                





                  return to list
                







 



veeco (nasdaq: veco) is a leading manufacturer of innovative semiconductor process equipment. our proven mocvd, lithography, laser annealing, ion beam and single wafer etch & clean technologies play an integral role in producing leds for solid-state lighting and displays, and in the fabrication of advanced semiconductor devices.   with equipment designed to maximize performance, yield and cost of ownership, veeco holds technology leadership positions in all these served markets.
overview:
the veeco psp (precision surface processing) business unit is looking for a software engineer to join our growing team, which serves the equipment and service needs of the exciting semiconductor equipment market. the person in this role will develop software applications, through the entire development lifecycle, that operate semiconductor process equipment.
 
responsibilities:

develops machine control and data communications applications running under ms windows
delivers high-quality prototype and production software on schedule
designs, develops, debugs, and tests application code using a variety of software languages
troubleshoots and resolves issues with previously released software
creates and maintains documentation, such as software requirements, analysis and design documents and release notes
collaborates with field service group to provide timely support to end users
assists production department personnel with machine startup troubleshooting

 
qualifications:
bachelor of science degree in computer science (or technical engineering discipline) with a minimum of 5 years of relevant work experience developing software for automation equipment.
 
knowledge, skills, and abilities:

in-depth understanding of c/c++, c#, and wpf.  experience with visual basic a plus
experience developing client software for microsoft sql server or equivalent relational database technologies
full lifecycle application development experience in a process-driven development environment
experience with object-oriented analysis and design techniques
project planning and project management experience
knowledge of software configuration management and software change management practices
knowledge of software development frameworks such as agile/scrum
an effective communicator

 
 
veeco is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer. applicants will be considered for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, protected veteran status, disability, or any other characteristics protected by applicable federal, state or local law.
 
 
ind1
#li-rs1
 






 









	                  apply
	                 
	           	
              




                  apply using linkedin™
                 
              
              







	                  save job
	                





	                  email job to friend
	                





                  return to list
                






















email this job to a friend





 








 


 



the job has been sent to
          


 



please provide the information below



job title:
        




*your email address:
        




*your friend's email address:
        



message:
        
         maximum character limit: 1000







verification code:
        





*please enter the verification code here:
        














send
            




cancel
            












powered by successfactors










