






data scientist – tilting point – mobile game publisher
 




 




































































        



 

        



games
services
news
jobs
contact



















data scientist

by tilting pointdecember 7, 2017 no comments





















                    
                                        
                    tilting point                    
                                        
                                    

                    published: december 7, 2017                





location

new york city, united states






job type

full-time



category

engineering & data




description

tilting point is looking for an awesome data scientist to join us in our nyc headquarters!
responsibilities:
reporting to the senior data scientist, you will:

partner with all departments to meet all of their different data analysis needs by leading the design and building of both large systematic reports and small custom pieces.
collaborate with product teams and help define data taxonomies for tracking of game events.
 build end-user long-term value (ltv) projections and new data models for user acquisition tactics and games growth projections.
design and build comprehensive game, database and programmatic ad buying data analytics system tools and oversee development of system tools by junior analysts and data engineering.
serve as data team lead in communicating and presenting daily to all outside game studio partners:  data findings and insights, related strategic recommendations, and status of game tool systems development.

required qualifications:

bachelor’s or equivalent degree in data science, mathematics, statistics, operations research, or engineering technology with an emphasis on statistical analysis and 1+ years of data science experience in mobile/digital analytics.
1 year of experience with: sql; statistical, machine learning, and bayesian knowledge with statistical significance testing, a/b testing, and predictive analytics skills; data modeling, design, and architecture principles; data mining, clustering, and segmentation; scripting languages python, r, php, javascript.
1 year of experience building user behavior prediction using the following machine learning techniques: linear regression; lasso/ridge; logistic regression; naïve bayes; decision tree; random forest; support vector machine; neural network; deep learning; k-means; clustering; nearest neighborhood; and logit.
experience creating and optimizing campaigns for facebook ads, adcolony, unity ads, apple search ads, tv advertising, and google adwords for a programmatic ad buying system.
experience in a free-2-play mobile game company environment building automation services and working with facebook apis, amazon redshift, amazon web services aws, lambda, ec2, mobile analytics, quicksight, kinesis, and google bigquery and big plus!

submit resume to jobs@tiltingpoint.com
*direct applicants only - no agencies/headhunters please.*
tilting point provides equal employment opportunity to all individuals regardless of their race, color, creed, religion, gender, age, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by state, federal, or local law. discrimination of any type will not be tolerated. this policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, promotion, termination, time off, and compensation.




related jobs



associate recruiter / talent acquisition manager
                  
                new york city, united states
new 

            december 12, 2017            



growth marketing manager
                  
                new york city, united states


            december 4, 2017            



senior data engineer
                  
                new york city, united states


            november 28, 2017            



senior qa analyst
                  
                new york city, united states


            november 16, 2017            



senior product manager
                  
                new york, united states


            october 5, 2017            











about tilting point










 










next post
growth marketing manager 


growth marketing manager




            




© 2017 tilting point media llc. all rights reserved. “game alliance” is a trademark of tilting point media llc.  privacy policy terms of service 



      










games
services
news
jobs
contact





 








































    

