

















microsoft careers: my job details






skip to main content





































                this site uses cookies for analytics, personalized content and ads. by continuing to browse this site, you agree to this use.
            learn more















 microsoft careers
















sign in


















account central

apply history

help center

job alerts

job watch list

recommended jobs

resumes


















welcome!









if you have an existing microsoft careers account, sign in below. if you are new to the site, create a microsoft careers account by clicking on one of the following:













microsoft


linkedin


google


facebook




cancel










working at microsoft 


benefits and perks


businesses and teams


mission and culture


office locations




students and graduates 


apply


events and webinars


find your recruiter


international opportunities


programs




find a job 


students and graduates


industry professionals




things to do 


create a careers account


explore recommended jobs


locate events and webinars


find your recruiter


review interview tips





working at linkedin
































 machine learning scientist









we are building machine learning into office to create intelligent features. we are looking for people who want to build models that will go into production - our current partner teams include word, powerpoint, excel, outlook, office online, office natural language experiences and more.  &nbsp who are we? the oxo machine learning team leverages machine learning and the vast quantities of data from office users to build amazing features in office. we are a growing team with a goal-oriented, startup-like atmosphere, where varied skills are highly valued and the focus is on customer impact and execution speed. we are looking for someone with experience in applied machine learning and a desire to ship machine learning solutions to customers. our team works closely with partner teams to understand places where machine learning can be leveraged for customers, then partners to ship those features.  &nbsp what do we do? build models, improve metrics, innovate. on our team, understanding the customer is just the beginning. you will analyze customer data, work to understand customer problems, build models to assess these problems and then work with partner teams to build and ship machine learning models as customer-facing features. a flexible problem-solving attitude with the ability to work independently are vital. you will work cross-team to produce models that will be learned at scale and deployed at scale to office customers.  &nbsp who are you? an ideal candidate would be experienced in a wide array of ml techniques, with a focus on problem solving rather than a particular method or tool kit. opportunities include user modeling, nlp, data insight generation and many more. experience building and deploying ml models is a definite plus. a desire to do so is required!  &nbsp   &nbsp ideal candidates should have the following:• experience building practical machine learning models with applications to real-world problems.• experience with ml tools to build models and analyze data (e.g. r, python, matlab, scikit-learn).• knowledge of distributed computing systems a plus (e.g. spark, hadoop, hive, cosmos). • demonstrated coding skills.  &nbsp  • natural language processing experience is a plus.  &nbsp  • master’s degree in computer science or statistics, or equivalent work experience.basic qualifications:3+ years of experience building practical machine learning models with applications to real-world problems.microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. if you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com.









job #






320240
1067235







locations





united states, redmond (wa)






job families





data & applied sciences (engineering)






teams





office










empower your future.








































apply
when you complete this final step in the application process, your resume will be sent to staffing and you will get an email confirmation of submission. you may be contacted directly be a recuiter if there is a match. 


select resume
the resume you have selected will be used for the below job openings.




edit this resume

create new resume













the resume noted above will be used for applying to the position(s) listed in the table. please make sure that these are the openings you are interested in.
are you ready to proceed with submitting your resume for the above position(s)?





affirmative action information


microsoft is committed to a diverse work environment and this commitment is demonstrated, in part, through its affirmative action program. to assist us in meeting this commitment, we encourage you to complete the below information for our records. this information is solicited from all individuals applying for u.s. - based positions with microsoft, as required by u.s. law. completion of this section is strictly voluntary. declining to provide this information will not result in any adverse treatment of your application for employment. the ethnicity/race categories listed below are defined by the u.s. equal employment opportunity commission.





gender

malefemaledecline to state



race/ethnicity
view definitions
close definitions









what prompted you to apply to microsoft?






























































        to confirm that you are a person and not an automated program, please enter all the characters you see in the image. you can avoid this by signing in.
        


				
            notes:your computer must be able to play audio in wav format. the audio file is intentionally distorted to prevent automated programs from reading it. if the file plays in another program, remember the numbers, return to this page, and then type them in the field.
        
			









play audio































            update contact information?

some of the contact information you just provided is different from what we have in your existing microsoft careers account. do you want us to update your account with the latest information?











            great! updates to your account have been saved.









you need a resume to apply


to apply for this job, you must to submit a resume. 


if you already have a saved resume,
sign in













            the selected job(s) were added to your job watch list
        













feedback





x












get started


explore recommended jobs


search jobs


manage job alerts


manage resumes




life at microsoft


diversity


jobsblog


news center


stories


the fire hose


women at microsoft




tips and tools


apply history


frequently asked questions


help center


interview tips


job watch list




connect with us





































legal
privacy
contact us
©2017 microsoft





















