

stem careers





























 












homeall stem opportunities




 

all stem opportunitiessearch current openingsupdate your profilecreate a job agentupdate job agentrecruiting agency login
  



your user session will timeout in 5 minutes.  please click ok to continue with your application.

















					back end software engineer
				


						tracking code
					

						pd 12 seattle 
					

						job description
					

is this your story?
you like the creative process of developing software, work with the latest greatest technology or perhaps even contributed to it... you have a great education and already some years of experience under your belt at one of those high-profile technology companies.
still you feel something is missing and you are not part of a story that gets you truly excited. the words cloud, big data or machine learning are in your resume, but more than anything else, you want it to show you are part of something that will make a lasting impact.
you may be interested in stem! we develop the brains to store and use renewable energy. we obviously are passionate about being part of the clean energy wave... but we are not followers... we have created self-learning software that knows when it is the most economical time to store renewable energy and when to release it again.
we are excited about renewable energy and help reducing the world’s carbon footprint, but at the same time we have created a commercially successful business with hundreds of organizations, including many fortune 500 companies. our customers are great organizations that try to be responsible with their energy usage. and by using stem, they gain economic benefits at the same time.
here at stem, we have a great team of software developers; some of us are building a scalable and secure cloud, others enjoy programming iot devices and make them do magic tricks. we also have a team of data scientists who design machine learning software that lets our service make autonomous decisions about storing, releasing and trading energy.
do you have a story that we should hear, and you feel what we do here at stem is something that will make you passionate too? we are looking forward to meet you and learn if there is an opportunity to have you join our team!
 
about stem
 
stem creates innovative technology services that transform the way energy is distributed and consumed. stem’s mission is to build and operate the largest digitally-connected energy storage network for our customers. 
our world-class analytics will optimize the value of customer’s energy assets and facilitate their participation in energy markets, yielding economic and societal benefits while decarbonizing the grid. we create automated, price-responsive systems that enable c&i customers to predict and control electricity costs and capture savings in a rapidly-evolving utility landscape. the stem system combines predictive analytics and advanced energy storage with a high-fidelity software user interface. by buffering spikes in energy usage, stem also reduces the impact of the c&i customer on the utility grid and enables better grid citizenship. through innovation in technology and financing, our goal is to optimize the relationships between energy providers and consumers.
 
what is the job?
as a back-end software engineer at stem, you will be part of the software team that develops cloud based software to:

process large amounts of telemetry data
operate our energy storage network
enable integration with our partners
provide the foundation layers of our cloud stack



						required skills
					


well-organized and detail oriented personality
advanced proficiency in python, c++, java or any other modern language that is commonly used in back-end services
experience writing apis or restful endpoints
demonstrated competency with sql and nosql data constructs (e.g. dynamodb, hive, presto, mongodb, cassandra)
experience with distributed message brokers (such as rabbitmq, kinesis, kafka, zeromq) and amqp
hands-on development in a linux environment
hands-on experience with agile methodology and working in agile teams.
working knowledge with popular frameworks: django, ror, spring
bonus points: experience in designing and implementing micro-services
bonus points: working knowledge of stream processing frameworks (such as storm) or micro-batch frameworks (such as spark)
bonus points: familiar with ai or machine learning



						required experience
					


at least a bachelor’s degree (masters preferred)
a minimum of 3 years of relevant software development experience
professional interest in energy and clean technologies
must be comfortable operating in a fast moving environment where learning must be done quickly



						job location
					

						seattle, washington, united states
					

						position type
					

						full-time/regular
					





							apply
						











								share
							






















					return to job listings
				











copyright © 2017 stem, inc. 
|
privacy policy
|
terms of use










