



job application for data scientist at blueprint consulting services 























          apply now
        
data scientist

        at blueprint consulting services 
      
(view all jobs)

        bellevue, wa
      


 

who is blueprint?
blueprint consulting services is a group of solution minded thinkers changing the face of consulting in bellevue, wa. we follow a mission, vision, and core values that allow us to function as a collaborative unit.
 
what are our solutions? 
blueprint provides strategic and professional consulting services as well as technical delivery for companies of all sizes and market segments. we bridge the gap between the segments for a complete solution for our clients, allowing us to be a partner from idea to implementation.
 
why you want to be a part of bpcs?
working at blueprint will change the way you think about the typical consulting job. we want you to be accountable and make decisions that positively impact the client. our people are our solutions; we work together and collaborate to make sure our offerings and execution is superior. also – we have a great benefits package offering medical, dental, vision, 401k, pto, and company events throughout the year.
 
blueprint is looking for data scientists to join us as we build cutting-edge technology solutions!
 
basic qualifications:

experience with distributed/cloud computing (aws/hadoop/spark)
experience with python/r/scala
experience manipulating large data sets from multiple sources (sql, hadoop, teradata, aws)
masters required in mathematics, statistics, computer science or machine learning related field
strong written and oral communication skills
ability to handle multiple competing priorities in a fast-paced environment.

 
preferred qualifications:

phd in mathematics, statistics, computer science or machine learning related field
experience in the ecommerce industry
experience with team building and mentoring

flsa - job classification: exempt, full time position.
department: consulting services – information technology








apply for this job

* required
        











(optional)

almost there! review your information then click 'submit application' to apply.



first name *



last name *



email *



phone *



resume/cv *


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 














cover letter


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 

















linkedin profile
    





website
    





how did you hear about this job?
    











 



share this job:    













powered by 

 
      read our privacy policy
















