



job application for data scientist  at wideorbit






















          apply now
        
data scientist 

        at wideorbit
      
(view all jobs)

        bellevue, wa
      


about wideorbit:
wideorbit is the technology platform for media companies to connect audiences and ads, everywhere. its mission is to simplify media buying and selling by focusing on innovation, customer delight, and value creation for both sides of media transactions. starting with its core traffic management solution, wideorbit centralizes operations and streamlines workflows for radio, cable, and television companies. the company continues to introduce new benefits to the media industry, including a programmatic media exchange for increasing demand for advertising inventory and improving campaign efficiency. wideorbit is headquartered in san francisco with offices worldwide. customers include nbcuniversal, tribune media, entercom communications, raycom media, tegna, amc networks and many other top media companies around the world.
here is what you’ll be doing: 
as part of our yield optimization team, you will be researching, designing, implementing and evaluating optimization components within our ad exchange. key responsibilities include:

working with statistical models and machine learning algorithms to predict ad click rates and availability of ad inventory.
developing online optimization algorithms to maximize our customer’s ad revenue, considering domain constraints.
forecasting marketplace transactions based on historical data and factoring in systemic changes in rates, inventory availability etc.
re-imagining the tv ad industry by applying learning from digital to linear buying and selling systems.
analyzing and visualizing large and complex data sets to provide insights to customers.
keeping up to date with the latest best practices and breakthroughs from research and applying them to our product development.
collaborating and communicating with other teams (development, sales and management), in our international offices, in defining the direction and strategy of optimizations role within the product.

you will work in a competitive and challenging environment where superior optimization software that is often benchmarked against competition is a key driver for the success of the company.
here is what we’re looking for: 

phd required
3+ years experience in machine learning or optimization preferred
experience in software engineering with knowledge of .net/c# a plus.
good knowledge of object oriented design and object oriented analysis.
data analysis skills using one or more of python, r, matlab, mysql etc.
competence in big data frameworks/tools such as spark, graphlab or scikit is an advantage.
ad tech industry knowledge highly preferred.
excellent communication to effectively build relationships with internal teams and clients.

location:
this position will be based in our bellevue, wa.  
compensation, benefits and perks: 
besides a competitive salary and great work environment, here are some of our additional benefits and perks:
health insurance, options, sabbatical leaves, great vacation package, work/life balance, life event benefits, casual work attire, snacks and coffee in the café, and plenty of opportunities to grow! 
wideorbit is an equal opportunity employer and hires are made without regard to any individual’s race, age, color, national origin, ancestry, disability, veteran status, religion, marital status or domestic partnership; pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions; other medical conditions or genetic characteristic; sexual orientation, gender, gender identity or transgender status; or any other basis protected by state, federal or local law, regulation or ordinance. 







apply for this job

* required
        











(optional)

almost there! review your information then click 'submit application' to apply.



first name *



last name *



email *



phone *




              location (city)
            



resume/cv *


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 














cover letter


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 















+ add another




linkedin profile
    





website
    





how did you hear about this job? *






are you a current client of wideorbit? *



--
yes
no


 have you ever been employed by wideorbit or one of its subsidiaries? *



--
yes
no


are you authorized to work in the us permanently for any employer? *






yes
no - i require sponsorship


what is your office(s) preference?
    





san francisco, ca
agawam, ma
hoover, al
denver, co
coppell, tx
new york, ny
bellevue, wa
lynnwood, wa
vancouver, wa
gothenburg, sweden
paris, france
london, united kingdom




u.s. equal opportunity employment information (completion is voluntary)


  individuals seeking employment at wideorbit are considered without regards
  to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical
  or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation. you are
  being given the opportunity to provide the following information in order to help us
  comply with federal and state equal employment opportunity/affirmative action record
  keeping, reporting, and other legal requirements.


  completion of the form is entirely voluntary. whatever your decision,
  it will not be considered in the hiring process or thereafter. any information that you
  do provide will be recorded and maintained in a confidential file.


gender
please selectmale
female
decline to self identify


are you hispanic/latino?
please selectyes
no
decline to self identify


please identify your race
please selectamerican indian or alaskan native
asian
black or african american
hispanic or latino
white
native hawaiian or other pacific islander
two or more races
decline to self identify


      race & ethnicity definitions


  if you believe you belong to any of the categories of protected veterans listed below,
  please indicate by making the appropriate selection.  as a government contractor
  subject to vietnam era veterans readjustment assistance act (vevraa), we request this
  information in order to measure the effectiveness of the outreach and positive
  recruitment efforts we undertake pursuant to vevraa. classification of protected
  categories is as follows:


  a "disabled veteran" is one of the following: a veteran of the u.s. military, ground,
  naval or air service who is entitled to compensation (or who but for the receipt of
  military retired pay would be entitled to compensation) under laws administered by the
  secretary of veterans affairs; or a person who was discharged or released from active
  duty because of a service-connected disability.


  a "recently separated veteran" means any veteran during the three-year period beginning
  on the date of such veteran's discharge or release from active duty in the u.s.
  military, ground, naval, or air service.


  an "active duty wartime or campaign badge veteran" means a veteran who served on active
  duty in the u.s. military, ground, naval or air service during a war, or in a campaign
  or expedition for which a campaign badge has been authorized under the laws
  administered by the department of defense.


  an "armed forces service medal veteran" means a veteran who, while serving on active
  duty in the u.s. military, ground, naval or air service, participated in a united
  states military operation for which an armed forces service medal was awarded pursuant
  to executive order 12985.


veteran status
please selecti am not a protected veteran
i identify as one or more of the classifications of a protected veteran
i don't wish to answer



form cc-305
omb control number 1250-0005
expires 1/31/2020

voluntary self-identification of disability
why are you being asked to complete this form?

  because we do business with the government, we must reach out to, hire, and provide
  equal opportunity to qualified people with disabilities1.  to help us
  measure how well we are doing, we are asking you to tell us if you have a disability or
  if you ever had a disability.  completing this form is voluntary, but we hope that you
  will choose to fill it out.  if you are applying for a job, any answer you give will be
  kept private and will not be used against you in any way.


  if you already work for us, your answer will not be used against you in any way.
  because a person may become disabled at any time, we are required to ask all of our
  employees to update their information every five years.  you may voluntarily
  self-identify as having a disability on this form without fear of any punishment
  because you did not identify as having a disability earlier.

how do i know if i have a disability?

  you are considered to have a disability if you have a physical or mental impairment or
  medical condition that substantially limits a major life activity, or if you have a
  history or record of such an impairment or medical condition.

disabilities include, but are not limited to:

blindness
deafness
cancer
diabetes
epilepsy
autism
cerebral palsy
hiv/aids
schizophrenia
muscular dystrophy
bipolar disorder
major depression
multiple sclerosis (ms)
missing limbs or partially missing limbs
post-traumatic stress disorder (ptsd)
obsessive compulsive disorder
impairments requiring the use of a wheelchair
intellectual disability (previously called mental retardation)


disability status
please selectyes, i have a disability (or previously had a disability)
no, i don't have a disability
i don't wish to answer

reasonable accommodation notice

  federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified
  individuals with disabilities. please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation
  to apply for a job or to perform your job.  examples of reasonable accommodation
  include making a change to the application process or work procedures, providing
  documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using
  specialized equipment.


1section 503 of the rehabilitation act of 1973, as amended.  for more
  information about this form or the equal employment obligations of federal contractors,
  visit the u.s. department of labor's office of federal contract compliance programs
  (ofccp) website at www.dol.gov/ofccp.


  public burden statement:  according to the paperwork reduction act of 1995 no persons
  are required to respond to a collection of information unless such collection displays
  a valid omb control number. this survey should take about 5 minutes to complete.








 



share this job:    















        school name
      





        degree
      

high school
associate's degree
bachelor's degree
master's degree
master of business administration (m.b.a.)
juris doctor (j.d.)
doctor of medicine (m.d.)
doctor of philosophy (ph.d.)
engineer's degree
other



        discipline
      

accounting
african studies
agriculture
anthropology
applied health services
architecture
art
asian studies
biology
business
business administration
chemistry
classical languages
communications & film
computer science
dentistry
developing nations
discipline unknown
earth sciences
economics
education
electronics
engineering
english studies
environmental studies
european studies
fashion
finance
fine arts
general studies
health services
history
human resources management
humanities
industrial arts & carpentry
information systems
international relations
journalism
languages
latin american studies
law
linguistics
manufacturing & mechanics
mathematics
medicine
middle eastern studies
naval science
north american studies
nuclear technics
operations research & strategy
organizational theory
philosophy
physical education
physical sciences
physics
political science
psychology
public policy
public service
religious studies
russian & soviet studies
scandinavian studies
science
slavic studies
social science
social sciences
sociology
speech
statistics & decision theory
urban studies
veterinary medicine



        start date
      





        end date
      








powered by 

 
      read our privacy policy
















