



job application for machine learning engineer #priority at blueprint consulting services 























          apply now
        
machine learning engineer #priority

        at blueprint consulting services 
      
(view all jobs)

        bellevue, wa
      


who is blueprint? 
blueprint consulting services is a group of solution minded thinkers changing the face of consulting in bellevue, wa. we follow a mission, vision, and core values that allow us to function as a collaborative unit.
 
what are our solutions? 
blueprint provides strategic and professional consulting services as well as technical delivery for companies of all sizes and market segments. we bridge the gap between the segments for a complete solution for our clients, allowing us to be a partner from idea to implementation.
 
why you want to be a part of bpcs?
working at blueprint will change the way you think about the typical consulting job. we want you to be accountable and make decisions that positively impact the client. our people are our solutions, we work together and collaborate to make sure our offerings and execution is superior. also – we have a great benefits package offering medical, dental, vision, 401k, pto, and company events throughout the year.
 
as a machine learning engineer, you will be part of a core team designing and building an enterprise grade big data processing platform, design and build proof of concepts and compare/contrast technology alternatives.  you will stretch products and services to their limit and have direct interaction with one of the largest technology companies in the world.  
 
required qualifications:

2+ years experience with pyspark
2+ years experience with spark machine learning
4+ years experience with sci-kit
enjoy working with technical teams on big problems
self-directer learner
technical expert with an entrepreneurial drive and passion for customer success

 
preferred qualifications:

experience with r

 
flsa - job classification: exempt, full time position.
department: consulting services – information technology
 







apply for this job

* required
        











(optional)

almost there! review your information then click 'submit application' to apply.



first name *



last name *



email *



phone *



resume/cv *


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 














cover letter


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 

















linkedin profile
    





website
    





how did you hear about this job?
    











 



share this job:    













powered by 

 
      read our privacy policy
















