


        data scientist -        prifender -         job board
    

























 






view our website



view all jobs















  1. do you want to be on the bleeding edge of technology leading customers through a digital awakening?​2. are you passionate about technology and lighting up customers with new capabilities?​​3. are you a dynamic problem solver that believes, if there is a will, there is a way?if you answered yes to all three of these questions prifender wants to talk about how we make history together.prifender is using artificial intelligence technology to discover and map personal information across networks and systems, both structured and unstructured, while associating identities with their respective obligations so organizations can better manage and demonstrate accountability and compliance.   



data scientist


bellevue, wa                    

full time                

engineering                    

mid level                


















responsibilities:
working in a very dynamic and exciting environment with top engineering and product talent the data scientist will research and develop models and algorithms to enhance the capabilities and experience of the identity-aware software at prifender.
requirements:

experience in creating and implementing machine learning algorithms and advanced statistics such as: regression, clustering, decision trees, exploratory data analysis methodology, simulation, scenario analysis, modeling, and neural networks.
able to understand the business problem, identify the key challenges and quickly prototype the solution
analyze extremely large structured and unstructured datasets in the terabyte and petabyte size range.
experience in visualizing data for stakeholders in a simple and concise manner.
programming fluency in java and node.js
comfortable working at the command line in a linux/unix environments
exposure to sql, nosql and big data platforms such as oracle, teradata, cassandra, couchbase and hadoop.
exposure to stream processing frameworks like kafka and spark
experience with data processing in the cloud (e.g. aws, azure, google)
strong communication skills
excellent organization and prioritization skills
able to document the technical details of your work
collaborate and brainstorm with other team members
quickly assess pros and cons of implementing third-party products versus building and developing in-house solutions.
experience manipulating large data sets from multiple sources (sql, hadoop, teradata, aws)

qualifications:

masters required in mathematics, statistics, computer science or machine learning related field
strong written and oral communication skills
ability to handle multiple competing priorities in a fast-paced environment.

 

read more



apply for position








            apply for this position        
required*









apply with










first name*



last name*



email address*



address
















phone*



resume*

attach resume
                    or
                    paste resume



                        attach resume as .pdf, .doc, or .docx (limit 2mb) or
                        paste resume


 




                            paste your resume here or
                            attach resume file









cover letter



what's your citizenship / employment eligibility?*
no answeri am a u.s. citizen/permanent residentnon-citizen allowed to work for any employernon-citizen allowed to work for current employernon-citizen seeking work authorizationi am a canadian citizen/permanent residentother 

linkedin profile url:



in 150 characters or fewer, tell us what makes you unique. try to be creative and say something that will catch our eye!

150


please enter your city and state*
 


submit application














×close
forward this position





recipient email address (one)



your name



your email address



enter a message (optional)
the message cannot contain links




human check*




















powered by















