


        senior data scientist -        sidecar -         job board
    

























 






view our website



view all jobs















we’re on the hunt for top talent! take a look at our job openings to see if you're a fit. 



senior data scientist


philadelphia, pa                    

full time                

r+d                    

experienced                


















overview:
we’re seeking an experienced senior data scientist who likes to get deep in the trenches – tackling the hardest data processing problems and delivering the most elegant and scalable solutions. we’re looking for the best and brightest data science talents to build and scale our infrastructure that supports the data capturing and processing that fuels sidecar for a large number of high volume e-commerce customers.  you’ll be working in one of the most collaborative offices in center city philly, developing and working with machine learning technology, surrounded by passionate, high-performing  individuals. 

qualifications:

talented and intellectually curious (advanced degree or equivalent experience in machine learning, statistics, data science or associated field preferred)
experienced in developing statistical models and building them into scalable production systems
excited at the mention of spark, hadoop, or apache kafka and has the desire to mine data, perform predictive analytics, collect and cleanse data, and develop machine learning algorithms
comfortable working with large datasets and architecting and designing systems that can effectively work with them
able to communicate complex statistical results to non-technical staff.
comfortable in experimental design
proficient with at least one commonly used language for data analysis, such as python, r, or scala
at his or her best working in cross-functional teams with dynamic interactions


responsibilities:

help develop algorithms and predictive models to solve critical business problems
build models which will run live in a production environment to achieve results for our customers
work with our engineering team to build data collection and analysis into sidecar’s dna.
incorporate data science best practices and processes into the infrastructure of our saas product
design, execute, and analyze experiments to quantify customer impact of proposed product enhancements
design and implement statistical models and business rules that enhance the sidecar product suite
stay current with technical best practices and industry trends and advise and educate management on their importance

 
who we are:
sidecar built a technology from the ground up that’s dedicated to one mission: tackle the challenges retailers face in data-driven e-commerce channels. based on advanced machine learning algorithms and deep data science expertise, our technology digests and analyzes massive, real-time datasets, allowing it to spot trends and continually improve campaigns for google shopping, facebook dynamic ads, and bing shopping.
these channels are changing every day—and have become too complex and competitive to manage manually or with outdated technologies. they require automated, sophisticated, and ever-evolving technology to stay ahead. that’s what sidecar is all about. we’re proud to work with retailers of all sizes and verticals in the u.s. and abroad, including under armour, crate & barrel, and boscov’s, to name a few.
as a company, we’re a group of energetic people who work hard to make a lasting impact in the rapidly evolving world of e-commerce marketing. and our work is paying off—we are quickly becoming a tech leader and the go-to partner for e-commerce marketing pros.
our open-floor work environment and slack-enabled team encourages collaboration, creativity, and growth as individuals and as a company. many of us come from e-commerce, statistical, or start-up backgrounds, but we certainly welcome talent with outside perspective and experience. we believe in regular company social events inspire friendships and strengthen our bond.

benefits:

competitive salary, based on experience
medical, dental, and vision coverage
company-paid disability and life insurance
a company 401(k) plan
unlimited pto (our policy is simple, respect your team, and take time off when you need it)
flexible schedule
choose your flavor of device: mac, windows, linux
pre-tax deductions of public transportation costs for your commute
discounted gym membership
team and social events


read more



apply for position








            apply for this position        
required*



apply with linkedin







apply with indeed









first name*



last name*



email address*



address
















phone*



resume*

attach resume
                    or
                    paste resume



                        attach resume as .pdf, .doc, or .docx (limit 2mb) or
                        paste resume


 




                            paste your resume here or
                            attach resume file









have you ever been convicted of a felony?*
no answernoyes 

if “yes”, you have been convicted of a felony, please explain the circumstances around the conviction:*




submit application














×close
forward this position





recipient email address (one)



your name



your email address



enter a message (optional)
the message cannot contain links




human check*




















powered by















