














career opportunities: software engineer (84249) 


























javascript is turned off in your web browser. turn it on to take full advantage of this site, then refresh the page.

loading...














skip to main content












career opportunities: software engineer (84249)




















requisition id 84249 - posted 12/12/2017 - information technology - nj - cherry hill - full time - regular



 &nbspjob description print preview









	                  apply
	                 
	         	 
              







	                  save job
	                





	                  email job to friend
	                





                  return to list
                







 



founded in 1886, american water is the largest and most geographically diverse publicly traded u.s. water and wastewater utility company. with headquarters in voorhees, n.j., the company employs 6,800 dedicated professionals who provide regulated and market-based drinking water, wastewater and other related services to an estimated 15 million people in 47 states and ontario, canada.  to learn more about american water and additional career opportunities, visit www.amwater.com.
 
 
primary rolethe software engineer assists with less complex technical aspects of line of business product solutions. this will include custom programming, third party applications configuration, and integration development. working with a more senior resource, they are capable of producing functional/technical designs that offer the best solution to the business problem. they can assist the technical expert during iterative development cycles in reviewing work product for quality control. the software engineer is learning to identify and implement solutions in conjunction with a development team and learning to collaborate with teams to establish new product design objectives, including systems requirements and validation criteria. the software engineer is developing the ability to conceive and create mold breaking design solutions and deliver brilliant work in a scrappy, fast paced, customer-oriented environment. they are capable of learning the customer and their business. they have been trained in technology [typically in an academic setting] and are able to quickly learb how to enable it in the real world. the software engineer ultimately seeks to connect technology with the user, bringing both together in unconventional, innovative ways.
key accountabilitiesapplication and web development:

create technology solutions for business users by developing, implementing, and maintaining commerical off-the-shelf software solutions, internet/intranet applications, and custom developed systems. (30%)

team development:

assist in team development while holding teams accountable for their commitments, removing roadblocks to their work; leveraging organizational resources to improve capacity for project work; and mentoring and developing team members.
promote empowerment of the team, ensure that each team member is fully engaged in the project and making a meaningful contribution, and encourage a sustainable pace with high-levels of quality for the team.
perform as a team of strategic, creative, and technical professionals who partner with our clients to solve business problems and meet meaningful business goals. (15%)

technology expertise:

develop the ability to act as an expert in a particular field of knowledge [this may be a business/functional area and/or a particular technology] and provide detailed information and advice as necessary in that specialization in order to achieve business outcomes.
develop and/or promote technical solutions which support the business requirements within their area of expertise. be accountable for specific deliverables in relation to software or web development and/or support. (30%)

product owner support:

support the head of technology enablement/customer enablement in managing customer expectations for project deliverables, managing stakeholder communications, and helping to implement an effective system of project governance.
learning to engage closely with clients to understand what business objectives they want to accomplish through technology enablement and then work with the customer enablement team of developers and designers to bring those ideas to life. (15%)

knowledge / skills
working knowledge of digital technologies and applicability for the water and wastewater industries focused primarily in one technology specialty area
knowedge of a small set of interdisciplinary technology specialities [e.g. data, mobility, gis, collaboration, infrastructure] and/or strong knowledge of a particular speciality area
demonstrated ability to apply these technology specialities to solve practical problems in a high-tech development environment with multifunction teams for small to medium, complex systems with some guidance.
good decision-making ability, balancing what is right with what is realistic
flexibility to adjust to multiple demands, shifting priorities, ambiguity, and rapid change
demonstrated ability to lead through influence and to deliver results through others while overcoming obstacles to success
possesses a high energy level, sense of urgency, decisiveness, and an ability to work well under pressure
possesses a curiosity and a passion towards engaging the imagination of senior level executives in grasping and enabling the fundamentals of change
demonstrated ability to work and team with a multitude of different people from various lines of business as well as within technology & innovation
good verbal and written communication skills for a wide variety of audiences including proven ability to deliver conference presentations
creative approach to problem-solving with the ability to focus on details while simultaneously maintaining the "big picture" view

competenciesfunctional / technical skillslearning on the flyorganizational agilityproblem solvingtime management experience / education
up to 1 year experience working in the technology field preferred possibly with an additional 1 year dedicated to the specialty area as a systems analyst or equivalent role.
experience with the water utility industry is highly desired, but not required.
bachelors' degree in computer science, mathematics, engineering, information systems or similar technology field is required [equivalent work experience will be considered].
extensive experience with technologies including java script, node js,microservices, api gateway, angular js, mongo db & express js.

travel requirementsas necessary, up to 50%.

 
 
join american water.  we care about water.  it's what we do.®
american water is firmly committed to equal employment opportunity (eeo) and prohibits employment discrimination for employees and applicants based on his or her age, race, color, pregnancy, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, religion, marital status, citizenship, or because he or she is an individual with a disability, protected veteran or other status protected by federal, state, and local laws.






 









	                  apply
	                 
	           	
              







	                  save job
	                





	                  email job to friend
	                





                  return to list
                






















email this job to a friend





 








 


 



the job has been sent to
          


 



please provide the information below



job title:
        




*your email address:
        




*your friend's email address:
        



message:
        
         






verification code:
        





*please enter the verification code here:
        














send
            




cancel
            












powered by successfactors










