



careers | cotiviti



























skip to main content


menu

cotiviti healthcarewho we serve
our clients’ needs
our solutions
our service commitment
events
cms rac

connollywho we serve
our clients’ needs
our solutions
our service commitment
events

about cotivitiour focus
leadership team
news

careersworking at cotiviti
university recruiting
opportunities

contact us
cotiviti
cotiviti healthcare
connolly




homecareers


careers












careers
working at cotiviti
university recruiting

benefits


diversity

opportunities






browse open jobs  |  
            search open jobs  |  
            
                edit your profile  |  
                view submitted applications


job details






















requisition number
17-1487


title
associate software engineer –sql


city
conshohocken


state
pa


description

our engineering team is growing! we’re looking for a motivated associate engineer to work independently to build and integrate several robust, fault-tolerant applications solutions for information processing requirements to maximize audit
 site productivity. this includes collaboration in requirements definition, prototyping, design, coding, testing and deployment. this role will be in conshohocken, pa and our office will be relocating to blue bell, pa in 2018.
key responsibilities

analyzes and assesses how automated systems can be implemented to solve complex business problems.
applies the principles and practices of software quality assurance throughout the software development life cycle.
documents the specifications, design, features and operation of applications prior to production roll out.
demonstrates proficient working knowledge of the primary discipline and a developing knowledge of related disciplines.
explores new ideas and makes innovative contributions to existing processes or systems which improve efficiency and results.
works under general direction with some supervision. may independently determine and develop procedures and approaches to follow. work is reviewed as it progresses, but more so upon completion of specific assignments.
executes solutions development and data requirements. executes solutions enhancements to improve performance / availability. ensure project deliverables are accomplished on time and within budget. communicates technical and operational issues to both engineering and business leadership in a timely manner.
ensure that all technology standards are adhered to while developing systems.
ensure project deliverables are accomplished on time and within budget. communicates technical and operational issues to both rca engineering and audit leadership in a timely manner.
ensure that all technology standards are adhered to while developing system work collaboratively with business partners to define and ensure the completeness and accuracy of system/technical requirements.




requirements

what we’re looking for:

bachelor’s degree and 2+ years of relevant experience hands on experience with in database development environment perform engineering responsibilities and effectively vet and understand complex tasks to accurately determine level of effort, prioritization, and return on investment.
proficiency working with large datasets experience with relational databases experience working with etl processes optimization and tuning of sql queries, stored procedures and triggers excellent communication skills skilled in agile and scrum development methodologies, prior experience working with ci/cd pipelines.
experience with scripting languages (vbscript, powershell) preferred experience with ms access preferred experience with java frameworks experience with databases and/or data processing pipelines knowledge of the following: sql, hadoop, spark knowledge of one or more enterprise scheduling tools healthcare data experience would be a plus 





we are an equal opportunity employer.please view equal employment opportunity posters provided by ofccp 
here.

cotiviti is an equal opportunity employer. the company provides equal employment opportunities to all applicants for employment without regard to gender, sexual orientation or preference, gender identity or expression, race, color, religion, national origin,
 ethnicity, ancestry, age, marital status, pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions, mental or physical disability, veteran status or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local law, ordinance or regulation.






apply on-line



send this job to a friend













twitter
facebook
linkedin
youtube
google+
privacy policy
terms of use

©  cotiviti corporation.














