







center for digital health data analyst - philadelphia pa 19104

















skip navigation        












skip to main content
skip to navigation
penn medicine

expand search
menu

800-789-penn






access mypennmedicine
800-789-penn






close




mypennmedicine
						

800-789-penn
						



home










why penn?




locations




departments & centers




mypennmedicine














 















navigation	    		                            	






search        



      
my account        


           
                    saved jobs (0)
                



sign in                    












job details all job opportunities                











center for digital health data analyst
 








job id:


65111
 


job category:


other
 


specialty area:


other
 


primary shift:


day
 


work schedule:


full time on site
 


penn medicine entity:


corporate services
 






location:


philadelphia, pa
 


address:


3400 civic center boulevard
 


education required:


per position description
 


experience required:


per position description
 


employment type:


full-time regular
 











send this job to a friend


save

save


 apply with linkedin


apply now











penn medicine is dedicated to our tripartite mission of providing the highest level of care to patients, conducting innovative research, and educating future leaders in the field of medicine. working for this leading academic medical center means collaboration with top clinical, technical and business professionals across all disciplines. today at penn medicine, someone will make a breakthrough. someone will heal a heart, deliver hopeful news, and give comfort and reassurance. our employees shape our future each day. are you living your life's work?
 



position description:

the penn medicine center for health care innovation spans the university of pennsylvania health system and the perelman school of medicine and aims to advance their missions through the disciplined creation, evaluation, and implementation of change. the center for digital health data analyst will assist in the collection, management, analysis, visualization, and integration of data related to social media applications as it pertains to health care quality and outcomes.  we are looking for a talented, self-motivated candidate experienced in computer science and data mining from social media websites. additional experience/interest in health care or clinical research is highly desirable. the analyst collaborates with members of the center for digital health team as well as internal and external stakeholders. s/he conducts analyses, documents work, and may have the opportunity to write and prepare manuscripts for publication and presentations, and other duties as they arise.as this is a relatively new center, the candidate would have tremendous opportunity to have an impact on the trajectory of the center and grow professionally at penn medicine. this position requires a high degree of engagement and resourcefulness as well as outstanding communication and organizational skills.
 



minimum requirements:

minimum degree requirements and experience required:  • bachelor's degree required, major in computer science or similar technical field is preferred. master's degree preferred.• at least 2 years of programming experience in any combination of python, java, c++, or very well-skilled in javascript, php, or jquery.skill requirements: • ability to deliver code in either python, java, matlab, javascript, or c++, assuring its quality (efficiency, readability, and accuracy) to facilitate research• ability to design and create the necessary algorithms to facilitate research, including either: (a) text and data analysis code or (b) web and mobile app code for acquiring data and disseminating results• ability to work closely with center researchers on the team to identify technical and algorithmic needs to support research at the center• ability to perform technical literature reviews, including identifying relevant papers in computer science and writing accessible summaries for the team• ability to liaise with penn and health system it staff• ability to collaboratively with other programmers, students, and staff and help with algorithms, assuring coding qualitypreferred skills:• experience not required but preferred in: hadoop/mapreduce, advanced natural language processing, machine learning, apps for social media• experience with machine learning and api’s • demonstrated ability to communicate positively, effectively, and professionally with team members, other health system employees, and patients on an interpersonal level, both verbally and in writing• excellent interpersonal skills.• passion for conceiving, contributing and implementing innovative research projects related to health and social media, as they will be contributing to all stages of project development• ability to integrate information from multiple sources and distill pertinent information in usable format• demonstrated knowledge and experience in research design, data collection methods, and strategies for data management • strong team orientation with the ability to be flexible with time and independently manage multiple priorities simultaneously• responsive service orientation -- positive, "can do" approach to initiatives, problems, and solutions• able to work independently with little supervision, with high quality output & meet deadlines in a fast-paced environment
 



additional information:

 


we believe that the best care for our patients starts with the best care for our employees. our employee benefits programs help our employees get healthy and stay healthy. we offer a comprehensive compensation and benefits program that includes one of the finest prepaid tuition assistance programs in the region. penn medicine employees are actively engaged and committed to our mission. together we will continue to make medical advances that help people live longer, healthier lives.  penn medicinehttp://www.pennmedicine.org/careers/live your life's workeoe/aa, minority/female/disabled/veteran
 



we are an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer.  candidates are considered for employment without regard to race, ethnicity, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, religion, national origin, ancestry, age, disability, marital status, familial status, genetic information, domestic or sexual violence victim status, citizenship status, military status, status as a protected veteran or any other status protected by applicable law.                


























navigation	    		                            	






search        



      
my account        


           
                    saved jobs (0)
                



sign in                    


















jobdetails





please utilize the tabs buttons and links on this page to navigate between web pages. utilizing your web browser's back and forward arrows can create performance issues. 






careers
newsroom
refer your patient
contact us
privacy statement
legal disclaimer
employee resources



					penn medicine, philadelphia, pa
					800-789-7366
					© 2015, the trustees of the university of pennsylvania
				


follow us
facebook
linkedin
twitter
youtube







































 

