 





machine learning / ai research engineer job in philadelphia, pa | workbridge associates




































workbridge associates: where people meet performance





all locations
 boston
chicago
dallas
los angeles
new york
orange county
philadelphia
san francisco
silicon valley
toronto
washington dc




comma separated job title or keyword










about

  locations  



boston




chicago




dallas




los angeles




new york




orange county




philadelphia




san francisco




silicon valley




toronto




washington dc




employers tech in motion blog work for us contact












posted:october 27, 2017
compensation:$135-160k doe
city, state:philadelphia, pa 
technologies:machine learning

apply for this job


share on facebook


share on twitter


share on linkedin


email this job to a friend


share this:

machine learning / ai research engineer

do you think about writing beautiful code while eating breakfast? do you build applications you are proud of and want to tell your friends about? do you get excited scaling web and mobile applications to millions of users? do you appreciate elegant solutions but also know when to build simple first and iterate?
this company is seeking a director of machine learning to lead, manage, mentor, and build an extremely talented software engineering team to deliver a game changing customer experience across all customer touch points. he/she must have the ability to attract and recruit the industry’s best talent, and simultaneously have the technical chops to ensure that what we build compelling, customer oriented solutions in an iterative methodology. success in the role requires an innovative mind, a proven track record of delivering new consumer-facing software products, rigorous analytical skills, and a passion for creating market-leading software for millions of customers.
required skills & experience
bachelors degree
at least 5 years' leading software engineering teams
at least 5 years' experience with object-oriented programming and design, including java
at least 5 years' experience in developing web applications, architectural standards and soa technologies
at least 2 years' experience with cloud technologies
at least 2 years' experience utilizing devops technologies to drive continuous delivery at scale
at least 2 years’ experience with restful apis
desired skills & experience
masters degree
7+ years' experience in software development
7+ years' experience in agile practices
active within the tech community (speaker at events/meetups, blogging, open source contributor)
3+ years of experience with open source projects and/or contributions
experience with rapid prototyping and interface design testing
passion for any, all, or some of the following technologies: java, python, angular, aws, ansible, or chef
strong engineering and technology background – ability to go deep into the technology
must have deep technical credibility with engineering org, and ability to recruit top engineers
an understanding of why and how to build products that are accessible to everyone, including those with disabilities
benefits & perks
paid holidays
competitive leave package
paid leave between christmas and new year
maternity/paternity paid leave
adoption paid leave
full health
commuter benefits
health club membership
tuition assistance program




apply for this job
john howard is leading the search for this position. use the button below to send us your resume and let us know you’re interested in the job!

apply to this job



john howard
division manager
workbridge arlington - osd



back to job listings




great! you're interested!
use this form to send me your resume, and my team and i will review it for this job:
machine learning / ai research engineer
so you know, this isn't the only job like this we're working on. we'll review your resume for every relevant job that comes in!
close



first name



last name



your email address



phone (###) ### - ####




attach your resume:





please keep me updated on what's happening at workbridge









apply with this info



workbridge associates






thank you

your information has been received.

one of our teams will give it a careful look for the machine learning / ai research engineer job, and for every other relevant position we’re working on right now, too. if it looks like we can help you out, you’ll hear from us shortly! 

return to search results
close







send to a friend
if you know someone who'd be interested in this job, send them a link so they can check it out.


your name



your email



recipient's email



your message



close



thank you!

your note about the position number: 272160 has been sent to your friend

return to search results
close









related jobs



                        machine learning / ai research engineer 
$135-160k
direct hire
philadelphia, pa 
workbridge arlington



                        machine learning engineer 
$110-160k
direct hire
mclean, va 
workbridge arlington



                        machine learning engineering lead 
$160-225k
direct hire
mclean, va 
workbridge arlington



                        machine learning engineering lead 
$160-130k
direct hire
washington, district of columbia 
workbridge arlington



                        machine learning / ai practice lead 
$175-225k
direct hire
reston, virginia 
workbridge arlington



                        machine learning expert 
$100-150k
direct hire
tysons corner, virginia 
workbridge arlington


 









take me to the top!
workbridge associates is proud to be a part of the motion recruitment network
© 2012-2017 motion recruitment partners llc.  all rights reserved.


company links:

home
about
employers
events
contractor login


blog
work for us
contact
help & privacy



stay connected:

facebook
twitter


linkedin
youtube







