









career center



































new search
                       
                    


login page
                       
                    














position description























 



senior application software engineer - philadelphia city center




city


philadelphia




state/territory


pa




region


north america




apply now















 division:
engineering


lutron electronics company
by 2020 experts predict up to 200 billion connected devices worldwide serving a community of smart homes and connected buildings. we at lutron pride ourselves on contributing to the iot market. lutron has control solutions for a wide variety of lighting, energy savings, and shading needs, from a single room in a home to a multi-building campus.
here at lutron we have been at the forefront of iot and technology innovation. we are looking for talented and motivated individuals who want their voice to be heard and their work to make a difference. whether your interests are in user experience design, data science, machine learning, systems engineering, mobile development, or cloud services, lutron has a career path to help you achieve your goals.
 
why lutron is a great place to be a software developer:

you’ll have the opportunity to take ownership of tasks and projects, contributing to solutions from up-front design through deployment and delivery.
there are a wide variety of new and established technologies to learn at lutron. you can build iphone apps, cloud-based .net web applications, or work with go in our latest projects.
lutron is an established global brand that continues to grow world-wide, so your contributions will reach commercial and end users in countries all across the globe.
we have a variety of paths and leadership opportunities that you can pursue to advance your career.  in addition, you’ll be surrounded by other bright minds that will constantly challenge you to attain new heights.
lutron is a privately held company that isn’t subject to the whims of the market. this gives us the freedom to pursue strategic, game-changing initiatives rather than chasing short term profits.

 
your contributions at lutron:

architect stable, efficient, and scalable software upon which world-class user interfaces can easily be built
design maintainable, elegant, and lasting solutions to meet a wide variety of requirements and feature sets while working closely with a team of other highly skilled engineering professionals to deliver top-quality software to the end user
balance a variety of tasks related to:  requirements gathering, user interface design, protocol and communications architecture, database and object model design, software development, testing, trouble-shooting, and software maintenance
mentor and coach colleagues to expand the effectiveness of those around you
assure a high standard of quality in your own work and in the work of others on your team via good coding practices, process improvements, clean designs, smart testing and review practices

 
what we’re looking for:

bs in computer science or similar, with at least a 3.0 gpa (or equivalent)
you have had at least 5 years experience developing software in a corporate or start-up environment.
familiarity and hands-on experience with various design patterns
excellent communication skills so that you can work collaboratively with other disciplines
skillful at solving problems with enthusiasm and creativity
willingness to travel 10% of the time, sometimes with little or no notice
technical experience required in a majority of the following areas:

object-oriented programming concepts (encapsulation, polymorphism, interfaces, etc.)
high-level programming languages such as c++, c#, java, objective c
algorithm design and run-time analysis
asynchronous programming techniques
basic user-interface design
web technologies (rest-based web services, html5, css3, javascript)
database design (table design, stored procedure development)



 
lutron electronics’ position as the leading manufacturer of lighting controls worldwide, our unsurpassed quality, the breadth and depth of our product offerings, and our commitment to servicing our worldwide customers have resulted in double digit growth annually. this growth has in turn allowed the company to continue to invest in recruiting and retaining the best people we can find to service our customers. continuous growth has also fueled our ability to constantly develop new technologies and new manufacturing processes that in turn drive the creation of new or better products and services.
lutron offers a competitive compensation and benefits package and a dynamic and professional work environment. we also offer continued growth through increased job responsibilities, courses offered through lutron university and advancement opportunities.  for more information, view our website at  www.lutron.com. eoe/aa
#li-lutron
pm2017

back
email
apply now






lutron electronics is an equal opportunity – affirmative action – employer. we welcome qualified, motivated applicants regardless of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability or genetics.

































