



inspire - jobs: full stack software engineer - apply online

























all jobs
→
full stack software engineer

full stack software engineer
philadelphia, pennsylvania, united states · engineering

descriptionthe company: inspire energy (www.inspireenergy.com) inspire makes it simple for everyone to have a smart home. the company’s groundbreaking subscription is the first to seamlessly combine smart home control and clean energy for home. powered by a proprietary analytics engine, the inspire smart home app allows members to create and control a completely personal home experience. inspire empowers people to live more purposefully and sustainably everyday, moving us all towards a brighter energy future. launched in january 2014, inspire homes have used the clean power production equivalent of 121 wind turbines since inception. driven by a team of mission-driven avengers in philadelphia and santa monica, inspire prides itself on a culture of ownership, teamwork and stalwart obsession with “crushing it!” located in center city in the graham building, inspire is looking for team members who share our vision for a better future and who want to grow with a company that’s disrupting a massive industry.  our workplace is designed to foster collaboration, creativity, and collective contributions the opportunity: software engineer you are a full stack engineer with extensive experience designing and shipping software. you love learning new technologies and are thoughtful on how to apply them to your daily practice. we need someone who can learn our existing architecture and quickly get immersed in some of the ground-breaking problems we are solving as part of our product-driven organization. you'll join a team that is building both consumer facing technologies as well as services and apis. you'll have a chance to contribute across our technology stack. you will work alongside great developers. rapidly ship features and contribute ideas as part of a rapidly moving, product-driven organization.    technologies we use:  languages: javascript,      python, ruby, sql frameworks: angular, rails,      ionic, airflow infrastructure: heroku, aws datastores: redshift,      postgresql, s3, redis, mongo  we don’t require experience with a specific language, but the ability to take on and master new technologies is a must. role and responsibilities  design and build consumer      facing apps that power our inspire smart home platform  own and deliver features on our website, mobile apps and data-driven apis  be a valued      member of an autonomous, cross-functional agile team contribute to the long term vision and      strategy manage your work through the      full software dev lifecycle requirementsthe ideal candidate: experience & personal attributes  you are passionate about      building full stack applications you enjoy working with      modern javascript applications as well as building modern apis you excel at solving tough      problems you are proficient in any      technology/languages used in the past you love to learn from other      developers and work closely with product teams working knowledge of      software architecture, data structures and best practices you have 5+      years of experience as a professional software engineer you know what it means to ship high quality code benefits competitive compensation and equity packages, plus benefits such as health, vision, life, and dental insurance, 401(k) . headquartered in santa monica’s silicon beach and philadelphia’s fishtown, the offices are contemporary and laid back. unlimited vacation.  our open format (dog-friendly) offices encourage collaboration and we welcome working from a sofa or standing desk.  

apply for this job











inspire website

powered by
workable





