



data engineering & software quality assurance intern | source one management services, llc
















log in




register




jobs




back to source one's website









data engineering & software quality assurance intern



email









tweet




location: philadelphia, pa






apply now






as a data engineering & software quality assurance engineer intern at source one management services, you will get to work on exciting development projects with our in-house data science team. development projects range in scope and breadth, from testing recently developed cloudware to building tools from scratch that will enhance the speed and efficacy of the strategic sourcing and consulting services offered by source one management services. an ideal candidate is one who has computer programming and development experience and has the ability follow instructions and work both independently as well as with a team. an ideal candidate should be familiar with one or more programming languages, with demonstrated experience in the form of relevant scholastic or professional examples.
 
key responsibilities

participate in discovery meetings, provide estimates, analyze, and validate project requirements and technical specifications.
develop testing strategy and manage the testing effort.
participate in testing, including functional testing, results validation, regression testing, system integration testing, automated testing, and user acceptance testing.
conduct peer reviews of analyst and developer work to assure testing meets specifications. resolve issues and develop benchmarks for testing data and provide metrics reporting on test execution and defects.
develop algorithms for capturing data changes and trends to facilitate continuous monitoring of data quality.



education/expertise

currently pursuing an undergraduate or master’s degree in computer science, mathematics, engineering, predictive analytics, or an equivalent major.



qualifications
required:

knowledge of software testing processes with an ability to apply software testing methods and techniques in a business intelligence environment.
knowledge about relational databases.
ability to perform etl (extract, transform, and load) processes by means of sql.
strong analytical, problem solving, and diagnostic skill.
ability to work independently and in a team environment, meet individual/team deadlines, and deal with pressures associated with those deadlines.

desired:

experience with the software development life cycle (sdlc).
solid understanding of website development.
proficient ability to automate microsoft office based tasks in vba.
experience performing analytics driven work with bi tools.
knowledge of data mining, statistical analysis, or predictive analytics.



company insights
since 1992, source one has been and is a premier procurement services provider and strategic sourcing consulting firm. our team of spend management and category experts support best-in-class organizations by ensuring their procurement and sourcing capabilities are optimized and that they are getting the most value at the best possible price from their suppliers. simply put, we help our customers save money by renegotiating existing contracts, streamlining and optimizing processes, and acting as decision support for their procurement and sourcing needs operating under three main verticals: it & telecom, marketing, and supply chain.

as a group of out-of-the-box thinkers and motivated individuals, we are always eager to have new members to the team to gain fresh ideas and insights for continuous process improvement and growth.
we take pride in recruiting, developing and retaining highly talented individuals. offered to our full-time employees, in addition to competitive salaries, an attractive vacation policy and benefits which includes 401k with company contribution and disability, life, and medical insurance, we offer a challenging and rewarding work environment with extensive support from our team, an open and dynamic working environment in a growing company and unlimited growth prospects within source one.
please visit us on the web at http://www.sourceoneinc.com.
 
want to have a career at source one? here’s how to apply:
please apply on our web portal: http://jobs.sourceoneinc.com/
we ask that you make sure to include your salary requirements. please do not contact anyone at the company directly.












apply now




or
















