

uchicago jobs - applicant site : posting details




















skip to main content













home


search postings


create profile


login







                    uchicago

        




                    student employment

        




                    benefits

        




                    compensation

        




                    our setting

        




                    our employees

        




                    frequently asked questions

        




                    applicant definition

        




                    affirmative action/equal opportunity employer

        




                    job opportunities at the university of chicago medical center

        





posting details


return to search results



printer-friendly version











*the standard summary is designed to indicate the general nature and level of work performed by employees within this classification. it is not designed to contain or be interpreted as a comprehensive inventory of all duties and responsibilities required of employees assigned to this job.note: after applying for this position you will receive a confirmation number. if you do not see the confirmation number, you have not completed applying for the position.the university of chicago is an affirmative action/equal opportunity/disabled/veterans employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national or ethnic origin, age, status as an individual with a disability, protected veteran status, genetic information, or other protected classes under the law. for additional information please see the university's notice of nondiscrimination.   staff job seekers in need of a reasonable accommodation to complete the application process should submit a request via the  applicant   inquiry form  or call 773-702-5800.   the university of chicago's annual security & fire safety report provides information about university resources, statistics and policies, including: offices and programs that provide safety support; crime and fire statistics; emergency response and communications plans; and other policies and information. the report can be accessed online at: http://commonsense.uchicago.edu/. paper copies of the report are available, upon request, from the university of chicago, human resources, 773-834-2044, 6054 s. drexel avenue, chicago, il 60637.











position information










requisition number




	            		103148
		            
	            		 
				
            






departmental job title




	            		data scientist
		            
	            		 
				
            






type of position




	            		staff
		            
	            		 
				
            






number of positions available




	            		1
		            
	            		 
				
            






division




	            		urban labs
		            
	            		 
				
            






department




	            		13760 - crime lab
		            
	            		 
				
            






*standard summary





	            		 
				
            






about the unit




	            		who we are:by 2050, the global urban population will nearly double to 6.4 billion. this unprecedented growth in the global urban population creates incredible opportunities but also intensifies the most difficult problems cities face, such as concentrated poverty, crime, poor-quality schooling, and pollution. the university of chicago founded urban labs to help address these challenges. urban labs is a set of highly synergistic labs focused on undertaking inquiry and having impact on five essential dimensions of urban life: crime, education, health, poverty, and energy & environment. urban labs partners with cities to identify and rigorously evaluate the policies and programs with the greatest potential to improve human lives at scale. urban labs' evidence-based approach gives policymakers and practitioners the knowledge they need to effectively achieve the greatest social good per dollar spent. in sum, uchicago urban labs:- identifies promising solutions to urban challenges- tests the most promising urban policies and programs- scales-up the most effective and cost-efficient policies and programs for more information about the uchicago urban labs, go to http://urbanlabs.uchicago.edu/
		            
	            		 
				
            






unit job summary




	            		the role:the university of chicago crime lab is seeking a data scientist to work on social science research projects designed to test the effectiveness of predictive models. the position offers the opportunity to work directly with leading social policy researchers, at the university of chicago and nyc-area universities, local city agency staff, as well as a team of administrative staff, research managers, analysts, and student research assistants. the data scientist will be working directly with faculty director, jens ludwig, and faculty affiliate, sendhil mullainathan from harvard university.  duties and responsibilities: - under the guidance of the faculty director contributes to the design, implementation, and evaluation of predictive models that draw on disciplines such as machine learning, natural language processing, and social network analysis and which require entity disambiguation and the merging of large datasets. - builds and maintains strong relationships with researchers working on machine learning and all participating partner organizations, government agencies, nonprofits, and other relevant stakeholders.- prepares project memos, summaries, presentations, manuscripts, and other work for dissemination targeting policymakers, academic researchers, and other stakeholders. required application materials: submit resume, cover letter, writing sample, and unofficial transcripts.
		            
	            		 
				
            






education




	            		bachelor's degree in computer science, statistics, economics or a closely related field required; master's degree preferred.
		            
	            		 
				
            






experience




	            		a minimum of two years related work experience (may be part-time) required. experience with statistical data analysis using python, r, stata, sql, c++, and/or java strongly preferred.experience working with large and complex datasets strongly preferred.
		            
	            		 
				
            






competencies




	            		strong interpersonal skills and ability to maintain positive relationships with various stakeholders required.strong initiative and a resourceful approach to problem solving and learning required.ability to work independently and as part of a team in a fast-paced environment required.sound critical thinking skills required. strong attention to detail with superb analytical and organization skills required.excellent written and verbal communication skills, with the ability to present data in a simple and straightforward way for non-technical audiences required.knowledge and understanding of crime policy and violence research literature strongly preferred.
		            
	            		 
				
            






required job seeker documents




	            		resumecover letterotherwriting sample
		            
	            		 
				
            






optional job seeker documents





	            		 
				
            






work location




	            		other
		            
	            		 
				
            






other work location




	            		33 n. lasalle st., 16th floor, chicago, il. 60602
		            
	            		 
				
            






work schedule




	            		full-time
		            
	            		 
				
            






hours/week




	            		37.5
		            
	            		 
				
            






if other than regular hours (m-f, 8:30-5:00) please detail




	            		flexible
		            
	            		 
				
            






benefits eligible?




	            		yes
		            
	            		 
				
            






union (if applicable):




	            		non-union
		            
	            		 
				
            






pay grade




	            		na
		            
	            		 
				
            






pay range




	            		depends on qualifications
		            
	            		 
				
            






pay frequency




	            		monthly
		            
	            		 
				
            






does this position require incumbent to operate a vehicle on the job?




	            		no
		            
	            		 
				
            






is a background check required?




	            		yes
		            
	            		 
				
            






is drug testing required?




	            		no
		            
	            		 
				
            






employee referral bonus amount




	            		none
		            
	            		 
				
            






posting date




	            		07-21-2017
		            
	            		 
				
            






remove from posting on or before




	            		01-21-2018
		            
	            		 
				
            






return to search results









*the standard summary is designed to indicate the general nature and level of work performed by employees within this classification. it is not designed to contain or be interpreted as a comprehensive inventory of all duties and responsibilities required of employees assigned to this job.note: after applying for this position you will receive a confirmation number. if you do not see the confirmation number, you have not completed applying for the position.the university of chicago is an affirmative action/equal opportunity/disabled/veterans employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national or ethnic origin, age, status as an individual with a disability, protected veteran status, genetic information, or other protected classes under the law. for additional information please see the university's notice of nondiscrimination.   staff job seekers in need of a reasonable accommodation to complete the application process should submit a request via the  applicant   inquiry form  or call 773-702-5800.   the university of chicago's annual security & fire safety report provides information about university resources, statistics and policies, including: offices and programs that provide safety support; crime and fire statistics; emergency response and communications plans; and other policies and information. the report can be accessed online at: http://commonsense.uchicago.edu/. paper copies of the report are available, upon request, from the university of chicago, human resources, 773-834-2044, 6054 s. drexel avenue, chicago, il 60637.









for additional support, please visit http://peopleadminsupport.com/5-8/







