


    data scientist at sms assist






























                    www.smsassist.com
                

                    website
                    
















data scientist

chicago, illinois, united states





core responsibilities of the data scientist

sms assist’s data scientist will use machine learning to improve and automate processes in sms assist’s proprietary tools
the data scientist will apply data mining techniques to make recommendations based on data and communicate results through insightful visualizations, reports and presentations
as the data scientist you will improve the dataset (or data repository) quality by cleaning the company’s data and collecting information from new sources
the data scientist will translate advanced business analytics problems into technical approaches in diverse domains such as vendor recommendation, work scheduling and technician dispatch, etc.
sms assist’s data scientist collaborates with different teams to develop, refine, and scale procedures and workflows

knowledge and skills of the data scientist

programming languages: sql, python
experience using a machine learning framework e.g. scikit-learn, torch, shogun, weka, moa…
experience with a statistical software (e.g. r, sas)
3+ years of experience as a data scientist, working closely within a business
understanding of etl tools and database architecture
good communication skills
strong mathematical and statistical skills
experience with natural language processing
advanced knowledge of data warehousing and bi best practices
experience with big data tools such as spark, hadoop, etc.
experience with tableau or superset

 
education

bachelor's degree in math, physics, statistics, computer science, or with equivalent professional experience


phd or m.s. in related fields is preferred

 
sms assist is an equal opportunity employer (eoe) that welcomes and encourages all applicants to apply regardless of age, race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identify and/or expression, national origin, disability, veteran status, marital or parental status, ancestry, citizenship status, pregnancy or other reasons prohibited by law.
#zip
#li-post





apply for this opening





                                        apply with linkedin
                                    






                                    apply with indeed
                                


apply for this opening at 
                        http://smsassist.recruiterbox.com/jobs/fk0fvip?apply=true



 other openings at sms assist
                                
see all the jobs at sms assist here: 
                                    http://smsassist.recruiterbox.com/jobs
                                






                        fetching your linkedin profile ...
                    



application form




                        apply with linkedin
                    





                        apply with indeed
                    






                        first name
                         *
                    




                        last name
                         *
                    




                        email
                         *
                    




                        phone
                         *
                    




                        resume
                         *
                    




                        how did you find this position? 
                         *
                    

--select--
linkedin
indeed
career fair /  job fair
careerbuilder
sms assist website
referral
ziprecruiter
ita
builtin chicago
facebook
twitter
direct email
jobspider
craigslist
simply hired
glassdoor
google search
other
college career site




                        if you were referred by an sms assist employee, please list their first and last name here.
                        
                    




                        are you legally authorized to work in the united states?
                         *
                    




                        what is your desired salary?
                         *
                    




                        linkedin profile
                        
                    
















thanks for your time





apply for this opening



                    apply with linkedin
                



                    apply with indeed
                

share this opening with friends








 other openings at sms assist
                    
see all the jobs at sms assist here: 
                        http://smsassist.recruiterbox.com/jobs
                    














powered by
recruiterbox















