


hub jobs - big data engineer in chicago, illinois, united states






















 





















join talent community
current employees
returning candidates


languages
spanish
french






skip to main content










menu




about hub
life at hub
sales
account management
everything else
canada
veterans









about hub
life at hub

career areas

sales
account management
everything else


canada
transitioning military












where




what















            
                
                    hub jobs
                
            
        






where

city, state, country


what

job title, keywords











home

            view all jobs
            
(352)












hub international


big data engineer in
            
chicago, illinois








about us:
hub international limited (“hub”) is the 7th largest global insurance and employee benefits broker, providing a broad array of property, casualty, risk management, life and health, employee benefits, investment and wealth management products and services.  with over 10,000 employees in 450 offices throughout north america, hub has grown substantially, in part due to our industry leading success in mergers and acquisitions. the company is headquartered in chicago and is currently owned by hellman & friedman.
about the position:
the hadoop developer will develop applications utilizing big data and machine learning. if you have experience with big data solutions, you have a wealth of opportunities to grow your career.
responsibilities:

responsible for designing, developing, testing, and deploying distributed machine learning systems and large-scale data mining solutions
designs and implements data-oriented applications using a wide variety of technologies, including microsoft’s cloud technology stack (azure).
implement data-intensive, horizontally-scalable systems (such as on map-reduce frameworks like hadoop, spark, etc.).
develops distributed applications to solve large scale processing problems, utilizing various languages like java, scala, shell etc.
implements, troubleshoots, and optimizes solutions based on modern big data technologies like hadoop, spark, elastic search, storm, kafka, etc. in both an on premise and cloud deployment model
establishes strong teamwork with client technical resources, and effectively communicates project status, technical issue options and resolution, and operational requirements to client stakeholders
research and development of novel technologies and methodologies for extreme scale data analytics, big data processing, data mining, and machine learning on traditional and emerging computing architectures
serve as a member of a data team that solves complex challenges and builds working database solutions using sql server, t-sql, ssis, stored procedures, views, user-defined functions, and table functions

requirements:

bachelor’s or master’s degree in computer science, engineering, information systems or related field preferred
overall 3-5 years’ experience with minimum of 1 year on hadoop or a closely related technology
experience with one or more of the cloud products: azure, amazon aws
expert in the hadoop framework & java programming (i.e. spark, mapreduce, pig, hive, kafka, storm, etc.) including performance tuning
good understanding of algorithms, data structure, and performance optimization techniques
experience with agile development methodologies like scrum
self-motivated, and has the ability to drive technical discussions
organized, detail oriented, able to work both independently and in a team
excellent problem solver, analytical thinker and quick learner
strong verbal and written communication skills
proficient in data architecture, master data management and governance
experience in nosql db such as cassandra and mongodb
certifications a plus: amazon, cloudera, spark

#li-mp1
location:  united states, illinois, chicago 
required education:  bachelor's degree (4-year degree) 
required experience:  7-10 years 
required travel:  no travel required 
date published:  18-aug-2017 
department:  information technology 
ref#:  p1391_20170816
hub international limited is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer that does not discriminate on the basis of race/ethnicity, national origin, religion, age, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability or veteran's status, or any other characteristic protected by local, state or federal laws, rules or regulations. the eeo is the law poster and its supplement is available here  at http://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/ofccpost.htm .
we endeavor to make this website accessible to any and all users. if you would like to contact us regarding the accessibility of our website or need assistance completing the application process, please contact the us recruiting team toll-free at (844) 300-9193 or usrecruiting@hubinternational.com . this contact information is for accommodation requests only; do not use this contact information to inquire about the status of applications.









apply now





apply now


share















current search criteria




              big data engineer
            



              chicago
            



              illinois
            

clear all














connect with hub





facebook





linkedin





twitter





youtube





glassdoor















explore office locations


products


industries


programs & associations


blog






about hub


management


caring and giving


mergers & acquisitions


press releases



wholesale






how we get paid


investor relations











						©  hub international limited. all rights reserved.
					
privacy policy
terms & conditions























