
software engineer, machine learning for augmented reality, building 8 | facebook careers







jump tosections of this pageaccessibility helppress alt + / to open this menufacebookemail or phonepasswordforgot account?sign upwork at facebookteamslocationsuniversity studentsbenefitsfacebook lifeour communitybuilding 8menlo parksoftware engineer, machine learning for augmented reality, building 8(menlo park, ca) facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at facebook are builders at heart. our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. together, we can help people build stronger communities — we're just getting started. building 8 brings together world-class experts to develop and ship groundbreaking products at the intersection of hardware, software, and content. we have a clear mandate to ship products at scale. in particular, seemingly impossible products that define new categories and that advance facebook's mission of connecting the world. the b8 team will apply darpa-style breakthrough development at the intersection of ambitious science and product development. it will operate on aggressive, fixed timelines, with extensive use of partnerships in universities, small and large businesses. 

we are looking for a machine learning software engineer to develop novel machine learning software for augmented reality applications. you should have experience in mobile development, computer vision, and graphics, with strong software engineering skills.responsibilitiesdesign & develop robust ar interactive experiences incorporating machine learning and computer vision algorithmscoordinate and collaborate with other software engineers to accelerate developmentsupport internal and external content teams create ar content by instrumenting, debugging and fixing problems in our ar frameworkwrite both native c++ and c# codeminimum qualificationsbs or ms in computer science or related field5+ years of experience developing in c/c++experience with unitybackground in 3d computer graphics, knowledge of graphics apis (opengl-es or metal) and graphics algorithmsexperience designing and working with 3d graphics enginesexperience debugging and profiling rendering codeapply facebook is proud to be an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. we do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, genetic information, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. we also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law.  if you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, you may contact us at accommodations-ext@fb.com or you may call us at +1 650-308-7837. applyplease limit to 3 applications.back to all jobs
 facebook © 2017english (us)about uscompany infoour facebook pagenewsroomcareershow tohelp centerprivacy basicscreate a pagecreate an adour policiesdata policyterms and policiescookiesmore resourcesfamily safety centerfacebook for businessfacebook for developers








