






machine learning engineer – linc global
















































































skip to content


 



linc global
transform one-time retail ecommerce purchasers into lifetime customers with retail chatbots, ecommerce tracking and returns/exchanges

home platform about us blog resources 
get a tour





home platform about us blog resources 




machine learning engineer










why you should join:
join us in building the best ecommerce saas platform to revolutionize how retailers and brand engage with shoppers for post-purchase activities and more. linc is looking for a machine learning developer who is passionate about applying ml techniques from natural language understanding, dialog system, recommendation system, knowledge extraction to deep learning. we offer a fun, dynamic and result-driven environment. if scale and complexity in a high growth startup excite you, linc is the right place to be.
 
about linc:
linc is an ai-powered customer care automation platform that transforms one time purchasers into lifetime customers through a better than amazon experience around tracking, returns, exchanges, and reordering. we also allow retailers to re-target and offer cross sells and upsells based on purchase history rather than browser history. we make this available to e-retailer or brand client via a number of channels including; web, email, text, and the emerging channels of facebook messenger and voice. the end result is higher shopper retention rates and a higher lifetime value with those clients.
as a fast growing startup, linc has delighted tens millions of shoppers, and customer list includes world-class brands like carter’s, p&g, crocs, gopro, hugo boss, ebags, and l’oreal. learn more at letslinc.com.
 
responsibility:
 

works on one or more technical areas of applications of natural language understanding, dialog system, statistical nlp, contextual understanding, probabilistic inferencing/reasoning, product recommendation

 

develops and demonstrates viability of novel solution in the context of linc’s platform and data to deliver business results as well as best of breed user experience. 

 

be a part of an engineering team with total responsibility of both algorithms, systems and production scaling and support – full soup to nuts ownership and empowerment! 

 
key qualifications:
 

3-7 years with at least 2 years in machine learning, statistics and nlp related fields
ms or phd program in computer science, mathematics or a related field with demonstrated academic excellence 
3+ years of programming experience, proficiency in python and at least one of the objective oriented languages such as java/c++/go/scala
2+ years of hands-on cloud platform experience: aws or azure 
strong knowledge in general software design, data structures, and relational database  
strong written and oral communication skills
strong analytical skills, data driven mindset

 
desired:

previous experience working in a start-up environment 
experience with ecommerce space, knowledge of product taxonomy building
experience with nlp toolkits such as nltk, opennlp, stanford corenlp etc. 
experience with open source machine learning toolkits: tensorflow, cntk, scikit-learn, pandas, numpy, libsvm, keras 

 
perks

we will sponsor visas
full medical and dental coverage
company provided lunches and close to downtown sunnyvale
knowledge sharing sessions with some of silicon valley’s best minds













get the latest ebook 
get the pdf here

navigationhome
platform
about us
blog
resources
careers
contact usoffices100 mathilda pl #150 (hq),
sunnyvale, ca 
94086

77 geary st
san francisco, ca 
94108

777 hornby st #610,
vancouver, bc 
v6z 2h7emailsales@letslinc.comfind us on:facebooktwitterlinkedinmail











							©2017 linc global, inc.
						




privacy policy   |   terms of service





















