
machine learning software engineer, building 8 | facebook careers







jump tosections of this pageaccessibility helppress alt + / to open this menufacebookemail or phonepasswordforgot account?sign upwork at facebookteamslocationsuniversity studentsbenefitsfacebook lifeour communitybuilding 8menlo parkmachine learning software engineer, building 8(menlo park, ca) facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at facebook are builders at heart. our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. together, we can help people build stronger communities — we're just getting started. building 8 brings together world-class experts to develop and ship groundbreaking products at the intersection of hardware, software, and content. we have a clear mandate to ship products at scale. in particular, seemingly impossible products that define new categories and that advance facebook's mission of connecting the world. the b8 team will apply darpa-style breakthrough development at the intersection of ambitious science and product development. it will operate on aggressive, fixed timelines, with extensive use of partnerships in universities, small and large businesses. 

the product launch team has the responsibility for taking breakthroughs and delivering them to market at scale. we are looking for an engineering lead for developing product software that leverages innovative hardware and cloud services. the ideal candidate will have strong full-stack experience developing rich and intuitive consumer-facing products.

this is a full time position based in our menlo park office.responsibilitiesapply expert software development skills to a wide range of ml-related coding projectsadapt machine learning techniques from domains such as vision and speech to build intelligent user experiencesdevelop optimized software to run on variety of platforms and environments including mobile, tablet and laptops.work with product managers to define use cases, and develop methodology and benchmarks to evaluate different approachesminimum qualificationsm.s. or ph.d in computer science and 3+ years of relevant work experience3+ years of experience in applying machine learning techniques to computer vision and speech recognition domains.knowledge developing and debugging in c/c++ and javaexperience with scripting languages such as perl, and pythonapply facebook is proud to be an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. we do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, genetic information, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. we also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law.  if you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, you may contact us at accommodations-ext@fb.com or you may call us at +1 650-308-7837. applyplease limit to 3 applications.other positions in software engineeringandroid software engineer, building 8(menlo park)android software frameworks engineer, building 8(menlo park)camera software engineer, building 8(menlo park)deep learning algorithms lead, building 8(menlo park)kernel software engineer, building 8(menlo park)kernel software engineer, building 8(menlo park)kernel software engineer, building 8(menlo park)software engineer, graphics, building 8(menlo park)software engineer, product (full stack), building 8(menlo park)system software lead(menlo park)back to all jobs
 facebook © 2017english (us)about uscompany infoour facebook pagenewsroomcareershow tohelp centerprivacy basicscreate a pagecreate an adour policiesdata policyterms and policiescookiesmore resourcesfamily safety centerfacebook for businessfacebook for developers








