















data scientist























countries & language





english
中文
français
deutsch
português



jobs @ voith






home


featured jobs


locations


not finding a job?


login




high school students
students
graduates
professionals
engineering jobs
commercial jobs
service, repair, maintenance jobs
all jobs




join our talent community
view all jobs









search by keyword




search by location






share this job






















email similar jobs to me
please enable javascript to subscribe.









join with linkedin







join with facebook







join now





email  





please wait...














data scientist

apply now »

apply now 




start apply with linkedin







start apply with facebook







apply now





email  





please wait...







date: 
nov 24, 2017
                


location: 
raleigh, north carolina, us


company: 
voith gmbh


 

 
for 150 years, voith’s technologies have been inspiring customers, business partners and employees around the world.
sustainable management is an important part of our history and is always reflected in our thoughts and actions.
 
for the voith digital solutions, department engineering, we are looking for you as a
 

data scientist 
raleigh, nc 
 






you will analyze large scale data collected from industrial environments (e.g. data of many systems) using data analytics/machine learning algorithms in the cloud.
you will develop ideas and concepts in collaboration with the domain experts having the data, with the strategic design team and the product management team of voith digital solutions
you will enable ideas by experimenting with different big data techniques to evaluate the most suitable one; if a solution exists and if the business case is validated, it will be further developed into a product together with a cross-functional and multi-cultural team
you will constantly develop yourself by e.g. keeping up-to-date with recent machine learning techniques and current trends on big data architectures as well as exchanging innovative approaches with your team members.




working in a fast paced environment with focus on test driven development and ci/cd/devops
ability to solve practical problems and deal with a variety of concrete variables in situations where only limited standardization exists
basic knowledge and experience in the area of machine learning in the cloud
strong desire to learn a variety of technologies and processes with a "can do" attitude
ability to own a complete toolchain/functional area - from development approach to complete support / going alongside the fast pace of new technological development
willingness to travel internationally

 




 





you have an academic degree in a quantitative field (e.g. computer science, mathematics, physics or engineering) or equivalent.
domain knowledge of voith’s paper, hydro and/or turbo branch is a plus.
you have solid programming skills (in any language, scala/java would be a plus) and a solid knowledge of big data architectures


experience with the cloudera stack and/or commercial distributions of hdfs is a plus
 you have a strong data understanding (e.g. statistics, numerics, databases, simulations etc.) and good communication skills.
you have solid knowledge in the area of data analytics/machine learning, preferably on distributed/big data systems.
you have experience in data analytics/machine learning projects and/or research, a basic understanding of research papers is a plus.

 



fluent in english is a must. german or other additional languages are beneficial


global travel is part of the role but expected to be less than 10% of the time
able to work in network structures and cross-functional, multi-cultural teams
outgoing, open, transparent, and communicative
open minded to new ideas and concepts
self-organized, structured and organized
you have solid programming skills (in any language, scala/java would be a plus) and a solid knowledge of big data architectures





 
why join voith? 
qualified, motivated and loyal employees are the engine for our innovative capability and competitiveness. the willingness to think ahead and an enthusiasm for technology is what all voithians have in common. for our group division voith digital solutions we search for employees that are respectful team players and as diverse as our markets. use your chance – at voith. 
 
voith gmbh is an eeo/aa/vevraa compliant federal contractor and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, protected veteran status, or any other classification protected by federal, state, or local law.
 
sounds like you? apply now and become a voithian! 
if you are interested in this position, please send us your application using the link at the bottom of this page. for further questions please contact: 
 
please apply on voith career website and below is the link to use:
 
https://jobs.voith.com
 
 



nearest major market: raleigh
                    
                




apply now »

apply now 




start apply with linkedin







start apply with facebook







apply now





email  





please wait...











find similar jobs: 

professionals,
professional,
all jobs





sign in
we noticed that you are already a member of our talent community. please enter your password to continue.


email*  not you?
password* 
forgot password?
* required field
submit cancel



account verification
we noticed you have accounts in our “talent community" and “application" systems. we take security seriously and need to verify your identity to synchronize your accounts.


account email:



please follow these steps to synchronize your accounts.


1. reset your password:



                                        the "reset password" link will open in a new browser window. return to this page to enter your new password.
                                    


click here to reset your password




2. enter your new password here:










submit cancel



account verification

your accounts have been successfully synchronized. use your new password when accessing our systems.

confirm



already a member
you are already a user of this site. please sign in.


email*  not you?

password* 
forgot password?
* required field
sign in cancel



start your application



existing users


email*

password*

forgot password?




new users
create a new account now!

start your application
receive email updates
join our talent community




sign in 

create


* required field


create profile




                    working...

next »






careers home
voith.com
top job searches
view all jobs
socialmatchermobile


privacy policy


facebook
twitter
linkedin
youtube
xing









































