











look beyond the ordinary

careers overview













senior data scientist


location:
raleigh, nc



description

company overview 
at proofpoint, we have a passion for protecting people, data, and brands from today’s advanced threats and compliance risks. we hire the best people in the business to:

build and enhance our proven security platform
blend innovation and speed in a constantly evolving cloud architecture
analyze new threats and offer deep insight through data-driven intel
collaborate with customers to help solve their toughest security challenges

we are singularly devoted to helping our customers protect what matters most. that’s why we’re a leader in next-generation cybersecurity—and why more than half of the fortune 100 trust us as a security partner.


the role 
do you have a passion for applying machine learning to hard problems in new application areas? do you keep up with the latest on gans, resnets, cnns, rnns, and deep reinforcement learning but have also mastered the classics like svm and random forest? are you looking for the opportunity to work with a great team that combines algorithm design, software engineering, and domain knowledge into products that are first of their kind? if so, we are looking for you. we need a data scientist who will work on a cross-functional team to help uncover cyber threats hidden in large amounts of data. your primary focus will be applying your skills in various areas like nlp, graph mining, computer vision, and predictive analytics to help us build products for a variety of cyber security needs .
your day-to-day 

feature engineering, building and optimizing classifiers, applying machine learning and deep learning expertise
blending data from disparite sources, mining the resulting data lake to build models
working with engineering team to implement models efficiently
processing, cleansing and verifying integrity of data used for analysis
condiucting ad-hoc analysis and innovation around data/information visualization  

what you bring to the team

 excellent understanding of machine learning algorithms, processes, tools and platforms including:

k-nn, naïve bayes, svm, convnet, rnn, etc.
supervised, unsupervised and semi-supervised learning
amazon machine learning, bigml, dsstne, tensorflow, etc.
r, weka, matlab, etc.


great communication skills, ability to explain predictive analyltics to non-technical audience
proficiency in data exploration techniques and tools, e.g. sql, hive, etc.
experience with nosql
excelent statistic skills
ms in statistics, machine learning, applied physics or computer science (or technical degree with commensurate industry experience). phd preferred


why proofpoint
as a customer focused and driven-to-win organization with leading edge products, there are many exciting reasons to join the proofpoint team. we believe in hiring the best the brightest and cultivating a culture of collaboration and appreciation. as we continue to grow and expand globally, we understand that hiring the right people and treating them well is key to our success! we are a multi-national company with locations in 10 countries, with each location contributing to proofpoint’s amazing culture!
#li-jr1
 


















proofpoint is an equal opportunity employer and welcomes applications from all qualified individuals regardless of race, sex, disability, religion/belief, sexual orientation or age.
proofpoint does not accept unsolicited resumes from external recruiters or employment agencies. in the absence of a signed recruitment services agreement, proofpoint will not consider or agree to payment of any recruiter or agency fee. in the event a recruiter or agency submits a resume or candidate without a previously signed agreement, proofpoint explicitly reserves the right to pursue and hire those candidate(s) without any financial obligation to the recruiter or agency.



are you a returning applicant?












previous applicants:


email:





password:





if you do not remember your password click here.




view search results or all job openings


new search








