





		data scientist multiscale biology - careers at precision biosciences	



























career opportunities with precision biosciences
a great place to work.









careers at precision biosciences



share with friends or subscribe!





 





current job opportunities are posted here as they become available.
 










		    back to openings		    






data scientist- multiscale biology

 department:
plantsciences	
 location:
durham, nc

start your application
data scientist-multiscale biology co-ordinates activities between various highly specialized internal and external teams to conceive, develop, test and establish computational platforms to facilitate precision’s vision of an integrated knowledge management system. the data scientist will have an in-depth understanding of computational biology, informatics and automation, and an ability to develop creative solutions to complex challenges. 
essential duties and responsibilities
reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions of this position. this list contains the major duties and requirements of the job and is not all-inclusive. incumbent(s) may be expected to perform role-related duties other than those contained in this document. 
 core responsibilities 

work in an interactive and integrated team-environment to develop novel insights into target discovery, pathway modulation and workflow automation.
development of novel analytical capabilities and strategies for multi-omics datasets from animals, plants and humans, quantitative analytics, mathematics and machine learning.
lead/participate in activities focused on improving and enhancing machine-human interactions
interface with collaborators to support ongoing research and product development programs
supporting the bioinformatics/computational biology team and driving projects.
adapting quickly to technical and/or industry changes in a rapidly advancing field.
interpretation and communication of the results.

qualifications 
the requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required to perform this job successfully. 
education/experience 

 phd in a technical field such as computer science or electrical and computer engineering with 4-5 years of experience/training in bioinformatics and   computational biology, specifically in the areas of plant or human genetics. 
 solid background in statistics (regression, statistical testing) and statistical packages (bioconductor).
 strong programming skills in two or more programming languages (r, matlab, python, c++). 
 experience working with omics datasets.
solid background in supervised and unsupervised machine learning technologies, such as classification, bayesian models, neural networks and support vector machines, that allow computational integration, mining, and interpretation of biological datasets. 
excellent written and verbal communication skills. 
strong problem solving and analytical skills as well as strong organizational and work management skills with the ability to focus on multiple projects in a fast peace environment. 
capable of creating and implementing high quality innovative concepts for development and execution (program and project proposals and reports, patents, publications, presentations, innovation platforms).

reasoning ability

 ability to define problems, collect data, establish facts, and draw valid conclusions. 
 ability to interpret an extensive variety of technical instructions in mathematical or diagram form and deal with several abstract and concrete variables. 

work environment 
this job operates in a professional office environment. this role routinely uses standard office equipment such as computers, phones, photocopiers, filing cabinets and fax machines. 
physical demands 
the physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee
to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. 

 the employee must occasionally lift and/or move up to 25 pounds. 
 specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, distance vision and depth perception.
 while performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to stand; walk; sit; use hands to finger, handle, or feel; reach with hands and   arms and talk or hear. 

travel requirements

 travel: required (~25%)

about precision biosciences
precision biosciences is dedicated to improving life. our mission is to cure genetic disease, overcome cancer, and feed the planet. we are achieving this with arcus, the first therapeutic-grade, naturally-derived genome editing system that uniquely combines the specificity and efficacy required to overcome life’s greatest genetic challenges.  
learn more about the pioneers leading the next genetic revolution at www.precisionbiosciences.com.
precision biosciences provides equal employment opportunities (eeo) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, disability, genetic information, marital status, amnesty, or status as a covered veteran in accordance with applicable federal, state and local laws. precision biosciences complies with applicable state and local laws governing non-discrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities. this policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including, but not limited to, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation, and training. 
start your applicationor 






 visit our home page © 2017 precision biosciences 

applicant tracking system powered by 

















