



job application for big data engineer at uptake























          apply now
        
big data engineer

        at uptake
      
(view all jobs)

        600 w chicago ave, chicago, il 60654 ste 620
      


what​ ​we​ ​do:
uptake harnesses the power of underutilized data to empower businesses to make informeddecisions. we partner with industry leaders to build a predictive analytics software platform thatgrows smarter in one industry because of what we learn in another. the result is a powerful platformthat identifies problems before they happen, ultimately saving money, time and lives.
what​ ​you’ll​ ​do:
as a big data engineer, you’ll be responsible for the architecture of a complex analytics platformthat is already changing the way large industrial companies manage their assets. a big dataengineer understands cutting-edge tools and frameworks, and is able to determine what the besttools are for any given task. you will enable and work with our other developers to use cutting-edgetechnologies in the fields of distributed systems, data ingestion and mapping, and machine learning,to name a few. we also strongly encourage engineers to tinker with existing tools, and to stay up todate and test new technologies—all with the aim of ensuring that our existing systems don’t stagnateor deteriorate.
responsibilities:
as a big data engineer, your responsibilities may include, but are not limited to, the following:
● build a scalable big data platform designed to serve many different use-cases and requirements● build a highly scalable framework for ingesting, transforming and enhancing data at web scale● develop data structures and processes using components of the hadoop ecosystem such as avro, hive, parquet, impala, hbase, kudu, tez, etc.● establish automated build and deployment pipelines● implement machine learning models that enable customers to glean hidden insights about their data
qualifications:
● bachelor's degree in computer science or related field● 6+ years of system building experience● 4+ years of programming experience using jvm based languages● a passion for devops and an appreciation for continuous integration/deployment● a passion for qa and an understanding that testing is not someone else’s responsibility● experience automating infrastructure and build processes● outstanding programming and problem solving skills● strong passion for technology and building great systems● excellent communication skills and ability to work using agile methodologies● ability to work quickly and collaboratively in a fast-paced, entrepreneurial environment● experience with service-oriented (soa) and event-driven (eda) architectures● experience using big data solutions in an aws environment● experience with javascript or associated frameworks
preferred​ ​skills:
we value these qualities, but they’re not required for this role:
● masters or ph.d. in related field● experience as an open source contributor● experience with akka, stream processing technologies and concurrency frameworks● experience with data modeling● experience with chef, puppet, ansible, salt or equivalent● experience with docker, mesos and marathon● experience with distributed messaging services, preferably kafka● experience with distributed data processors, preferably spark● experience with angular, react, redux, immutable.js, rx.js, node.js or equivalent● experience with reactive and/or functional programming● understanding of thrift, avro or protocol buffers
if you think you would be a good fit for this role, and are interested in joining the best engineering team in chicago, please provide your resume with a cover letter.







apply for this job

* required
        







first name *



last name *



email *



phone *



resume/cv *


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 














cover letter


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 

















linkedin profile
    





website or other professional web profile
    





will you now or in the future require sponsorship for an employment visa (e.g. h-1b visa status)? *



--
yes
no


how did you hear about uptake?
    





1871
blue1647
built in chicago
bunker labs
campus event
chicagoinno
chicago innovation awards
chipma
data fellows
girl develop it
ita
technori
techstars
the starter league
uptake-hosted event
uxs chicago
other


if you heard about us some other way, please share how!
    







u.s. equal opportunity employment information (completion is voluntary)


  individuals seeking employment at uptake are considered without regards
  to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical
  or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation. you are
  being given the opportunity to provide the following information in order to help us
  comply with federal and state equal employment opportunity/affirmative action record
  keeping, reporting, and other legal requirements.


  completion of the form is entirely voluntary. whatever your decision,
  it will not be considered in the hiring process or thereafter. any information that you
  do provide will be recorded and maintained in a confidential file.


gender
please selectmale
female
decline to self identify


are you hispanic/latino?
please selectyes
no
decline to self identify


please identify your race
please selectamerican indian or alaskan native
asian
black or african american
hispanic or latino
white
native hawaiian or other pacific islander
two or more races
decline to self identify


      race & ethnicity definitions


  if you believe you belong to any of the categories of protected veterans listed below,
  please indicate by making the appropriate selection.  as a government contractor
  subject to vietnam era veterans readjustment assistance act (vevraa), we request this
  information in order to measure the effectiveness of the outreach and positive
  recruitment efforts we undertake pursuant to vevraa. classification of protected
  categories is as follows:


  a "disabled veteran" is one of the following: a veteran of the u.s. military, ground,
  naval or air service who is entitled to compensation (or who but for the receipt of
  military retired pay would be entitled to compensation) under laws administered by the
  secretary of veterans affairs; or a person who was discharged or released from active
  duty because of a service-connected disability.


  a "recently separated veteran" means any veteran during the three-year period beginning
  on the date of such veteran's discharge or release from active duty in the u.s.
  military, ground, naval, or air service.


  an "active duty wartime or campaign badge veteran" means a veteran who served on active
  duty in the u.s. military, ground, naval or air service during a war, or in a campaign
  or expedition for which a campaign badge has been authorized under the laws
  administered by the department of defense.


  an "armed forces service medal veteran" means a veteran who, while serving on active
  duty in the u.s. military, ground, naval or air service, participated in a united
  states military operation for which an armed forces service medal was awarded pursuant
  to executive order 12985.


veteran status
please selecti am not a protected veteran
i identify as one or more of the classifications of a protected veteran
i don't wish to answer



form cc-305
omb control number 1250-0005
expires 1/31/2020

voluntary self-identification of disability
why are you being asked to complete this form?

  because we do business with the government, we must reach out to, hire, and provide
  equal opportunity to qualified people with disabilities1.  to help us
  measure how well we are doing, we are asking you to tell us if you have a disability or
  if you ever had a disability.  completing this form is voluntary, but we hope that you
  will choose to fill it out.  if you are applying for a job, any answer you give will be
  kept private and will not be used against you in any way.


  if you already work for us, your answer will not be used against you in any way.
  because a person may become disabled at any time, we are required to ask all of our
  employees to update their information every five years.  you may voluntarily
  self-identify as having a disability on this form without fear of any punishment
  because you did not identify as having a disability earlier.

how do i know if i have a disability?

  you are considered to have a disability if you have a physical or mental impairment or
  medical condition that substantially limits a major life activity, or if you have a
  history or record of such an impairment or medical condition.

disabilities include, but are not limited to:

blindness
deafness
cancer
diabetes
epilepsy
autism
cerebral palsy
hiv/aids
schizophrenia
muscular dystrophy
bipolar disorder
major depression
multiple sclerosis (ms)
missing limbs or partially missing limbs
post-traumatic stress disorder (ptsd)
obsessive compulsive disorder
impairments requiring the use of a wheelchair
intellectual disability (previously called mental retardation)


disability status
please selectyes, i have a disability (or previously had a disability)
no, i don't have a disability
i don't wish to answer

reasonable accommodation notice

  federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified
  individuals with disabilities. please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation
  to apply for a job or to perform your job.  examples of reasonable accommodation
  include making a change to the application process or work procedures, providing
  documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using
  specialized equipment.


1section 503 of the rehabilitation act of 1973, as amended.  for more
  information about this form or the equal employment obligations of federal contractors,
  visit the u.s. department of labor's office of federal contract compliance programs
  (ofccp) website at www.dol.gov/ofccp.


  public burden statement:  according to the paperwork reduction act of 1995 no persons
  are required to respond to a collection of information unless such collection displays
  a valid omb control number. this survey should take about 5 minutes to complete.








 



share this job:    













powered by 

 
      read our privacy policy
















