


careers center - research scientist














































please enable cookies to continue
please enable cookies in your browser to experience all the personalized features of this site, including the ability to apply for a job.







welcome page







returning candidate?

log back in!












research scientist


job locations

us-nc-durham





requisition id

2017-4881


company name

teledyne scientific & imaging


shift

1st shift - day


citizenship/visa requirement

us citizen only


internal code (for careerbuilder)

#cb#









company overview






teledyne is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer.  all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, religious creed, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, transgender, pregnancy, marital status, national origin, ancestry, citizenship status, age, disability, protected veteran status, genetics or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state, or local law.      if you need assistance or an accommodation while seeking employment, please email  teledynerecruitment@teledyne.com or call (805)373-4545.  determinations on requests for reasonable accommodation will be made on a case-by-case basis.  please note that only those inquiries concerning a request for reasonable accommodation will receive a response.   








position summary and responsibilities






position summary:conduct research, development, implementation on government and commercial sponsored r&d contracts for teledyne information sciences division. essential duties and responsibilities include the following. other duties may be assigned.define, develop and deliver novel solutions to broad range of problems including data analytics, computational neuroscience, computer vision, signal processing, robotics, machine learning and ai for government and commercial industriesconduct original research in computation sciences to develop new ips for the companycollaborates with colleagues to identify critical challenges and provide innovative solutionssupports customer interaction to demonstrate and deliver research results through written reports, briefings and participation in program reviewsassists in the pursuit of funding from dod and commercial agenciesother duties may be assigned. supervisory responsibilities                                             none qualifications & competencies                                       to perform the job successfully, an individual should demonstrate the following qualifications and competencies: strong skills in computer science including computer theories, algorithms, data structuresstrong foundation in mathematicshigh attention to detail and ability to multitaskexcellent interpersonal and communication (presentation and writing) skillsproposal and technical writing skillsproficiency using microsoft office suite (word, excel & powerpoint)displays exemplary ethics and business conduct and performs work cognizant of safe work practices








qualifications






education and/or experience                                            phd in computer science, engineering, or related field with research experience in computational neuroscience and medical imaging with knowledge of experimental design, statistical methods and computational methodsexperience in analysis tools and languages such as c/c++ and matlab and/or modern programming languages other qualifications u.s. person for access to itar-controlled technical dataability to travel (domestically/internationally) approximately 10%.








requisition post information* : posted date






8/2/2017





options

apply for this job onlineapplyshareemail this job to a friendrefer


sorry the share function is not working properly at this moment. please refresh the page and try again later.

share on your newsfeed





application faqssoftware powered by icimswww.icims.com









