


careers center - analytics intern - spring
















































please enable cookies to continue
please enable cookies in your browser to experience all the personalized features of this site, including the ability to apply for a job.







welcome page







returning candidate?

log back in!












analytics intern - spring




id

2017-9167


category

hidden (34320)



location


us-nc-raleigh


position type

intern






overview




 do you want a hands-on experience with data science? do you have a passion for working with data and solving complex problems? do you want to take an analytics product from conception to completion, and see that product have an immediate impact on a global business? do you want to learn more about analytics technology and how it is implemented? if so, ketchum raleigh needs you for its growing, talented group. the analytics team in raleigh is a custom analytics, research and consulting team that delivers data driven strategic marketing insights to our clients. the intern will work closely with team members and are aligned to one or more clients. there’s no coffee grabbing with this internship: you’ll work closely with the director of analytics and analytics specialist.





about the job




you will collaborate with other members of the team on different projects with particular emphasis on the analytic components. this could include mining data for business insights, analyzing trends and generating forecasts, and building an optimization model. in other words: you work hard, laugh easily, and thirst for the next challenge. at the end of each day, you love knowing you’re part of a great team that delivers great work.





qualifications




you’ll be working with data and solving real-life problems, so successful candidates will usually be pursuing and advanced degree in one of the following areas: operations research, statistics, mathematics, machine learning, or another technical field.course work in quantitative areas such as computer science, statistics, mathematics, analytics, econometrics, etc.experience applying analytic skills to a real-world project, from the early stages of solution ideation, algorithm design, and prototyping to things like input data cleanup, model building, and process rollout and implementation.exceptional written and verbal communication and presentation skills with a customer service orientation.strong in-depth knowledge of aws, sql, r, or pythonstrong ms excel and powerpoint skills is a plusweb analytics tools such as google analytics and adobe analytics is a plus





about ketchum




as a global public relations and communications agency with 90 plus years of experience, ketchum builds brands and reputations for clients.  we start conversations, build communities and engage stakeholders—and have a lot of fun doing it.  we inspire and empower our people to think about products, companies, issues and challenges in a different way.   and we’re just crazy enough to think we can impact the world – and how it responds to ideas – through communication. we believe great ideas shatter expectations, change thinking and build brands.  we call this break through, and it’s our mission to deliver it.  how?  very simply—our people.  by listening, cultivating diverse perspectives and rewarding fearless creativity, we’ve developed a culture of break through.   interested?  we’ve got an opportunity for you.





options

apply for this job onlineapplysharerefer this job to a friendrefer


sorry the share function is not working properly at this moment. please refresh the page and try again later.

share on your newsfeed




eoe/aa/m/f/v/dall applicants are considered without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, gender identity, or any other discriminatory factors prohibited by law.

application faqssoftware powered by icimswww.icims.com









