




senior sqa engineer at align technology inc






















skip navigation





for doctors
current patients


facebook
twitter


united states/canada
australia
brazil
france
germany
great britain
hong kong
italy
japan
latin america
new zeland
spain
singapore
south korea<
taiwan
thailand












menu

home
solutions
investors

careers

careers home
innovation
life at align
university relations
global locations


contact us






we’re doing complex work on a  unprecedented scale




search jobs


keyword search



city, state, or zip




search radius
radius
5 miles
15 miles
25 miles
35 miles
50 miles



search jobs




match jobs to your linkedin profile






apply now
senior sqa engineer

raleigh, north carolina

job title: senior sqa engineeralign is the industry leader and innovator in medical devices which focuses on revolutionizing the dental and orthodontic industry. align technology is looking for a sr. sqa engineer for our machine learning team for our expanding raleigh, nc office (morrisville, nc). this exciting new role would be part of a culture that is helping to improve lives every day through digital dentistry.the sr. sqa engineer should have exceptional skills with testing, research, and math. this role will be part of align goal to deliver our clear aligners (invisalign®) and 3d scanners (itero®) to our customers. we would love for you to join a fun and cutting-edge technology company that has helped create over 4 million smiles (#4millionsmiles).machine learning is the team that develops applications based on machine learning algorithms and implements integration of such applications with other company software. the senior sqa engineer will be responsible for testing accuracy and applicability of machine learning models, server side of implemented software as well as client side. this position includes both manual and automated testing. senior sqa engineer will also prepare test documentation and take active part in project discussions as sqa representative. senior sqa engineer will drive this relatively new testing direction in the company.job descriptionas a senior sqa engineer, you will:dig into approaches to machine learning testing and apply them in practiceanalyze the requirements & derive test cases from themestimate testing scope, plan & monitor testing for projectautomate test casesmaintain & improve existing automation framework, introduce new ways of automated testing for machine learning models & applicationstest integration of machine learning applications with other applicationsprepare test documentationwork with bugs throughout their lifecyclecollaborate with other applications' teamsrequirements8+ years of combined experience in sqa / math / research / development4+ years of sqa experience resulted in thorough understanding of role and place of qa in sdlc, testing processes and methodologies3+ years of experience with scripting language (preferably python)3+ years of experience with sqlbackground and / or experience in math, ability to crunch the numbersbackground and / or experience in statistics / machine learning / data mining is preferrednice to have:analytic mindset, ability to systematize information and learn complex things quicklyability to think out of the boxstrong attention to detailsexperience working on research projects is a plusunderstanding of rest api principles, http and https protocols is a plusexperience with testing cloud services is a plusexperience with non-functional testing is a pluseducationmath degree preferredalign, the inventors and makers of invisalign ®, the world leader of clear aligners for orthodontic therapy.  invisalign ® is a revolutionary way to replace wires & brackets by made-to-order plastic transparent aligners.  behind the scenes, we leverage new 3d computerized treatment simulation and artificial intelligence as well as 3d printing, complex bio-mechanics and advanced materials. we also invented the itero scanner, which scans your mouth in a few minutes and generate a 3d model of your jaws and teeth to an incredible micron-level of precision.
apply now








work inraleigh
check out where you could be working if you apply.

view map





share this job

facebook
twitter
linkedin
email







featured jobs


territory manager
amsterdam, north holland


business development specialist - new york/new jersey
new york, new york,  new jersey,  vermont,  maine,  rhode island,  connecticut,  delaware,  new hampshire,  maryland,  pennsylvania,  massachusetts


university relations program manager
raleigh, north carolina


sr. c++ software engineer
raleigh, north carolina






stay connected
sign up for email alerts and be the first to know of our new opportunities.
email addressinterested incategorylocationaddr&d, raleigh, north carolina, united statesremoveremove

confirm email













privacy
cookies & ads
terms of use
site map
© copyright 2000-2017 align technology, inc. all rights reserved


invisalign.com
itero.com











