



job application for database developer at republic wireless























          apply now
        
database developer

        at republic wireless
      
(view all jobs)

        raleigh, nc
      


do you enjoy managing complex data sets and working with emerging database and business planning technologies? the republic wireless member solutions team is looking for a database designer & developer to own the design, development & administration of existing data warehouse and reporting solutions, primarily using amazon redshift, anaplan, tableau, and periscope, while extracting data from a variety of sources using apis, middleware and other etl capabilities. this is a great opportunity for an ambitious self-starter to own the entire data program for a large business organization. 
core responsibilities are in service to the member solutions organization, which is an operations group that consists of sourcing, planning, supply chain & logistics, customer service & technical support, compliance, and other related functions.
skills & experience

proven track record designing, implementing and managing data warehouses
successful background designing, developing and implementing business planning models and modules using platforms such as anaplan, oracle or an erp solution 
history of scripting and automating etl, apis, web services, and data integrations
strong sql scripting skills, ideally supplemented with other scripting languages such as python or ruby
experience developing and publishing reports, dashboards and other data visualizations
success overseeing and delivering a pipeline of multiple concurrent deliverables
familiar with basic project management principles
nice-to-have: prior exposure to machine learning systems, optimization modeling, simulations, operations research or decision sciences. 

systems 

amazon web services (aws) redshift database platform
anaplan business planning platform
tableau and periscope reporting and analytics solutions

academics

bachelor’s degree in computer science or equivalent course of study

attributes

results-oriented, ambitious self-starter
comfortable with big challenges and a fast pace 
thrives in an ever-changing, risk-tolerant, entrepreneurial culture 
trusting and collaborative team player
strong communication skills to technical and non-technical audiences
project management 








apply for this job

* required
        











(optional)

almost there! review your information then click 'submit application' to apply.



first name *



last name *



email *



phone



resume/cv


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 














cover letter


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 

















linkedin profile
    





website
    





how did you hear about this job? *






address *






address 2
    





city *






zip code/postal code *






country *






state/province *






are you willing to relocate? *



--
yes
no


if yes, where would you be willing to relocate to?
    





are you authorized to work lawfully in the united states for republic wireless? *



--
yes
no


will you now or in the future require republic wireless to commence ("sponsor") an immigration case in order to employ you (for example, h-1b or other employment-based immigration case)?  *



--
yes
no


what is your desired salary? *






please list your most recent salary.  *






when is your desired start date?
    











 



share this job:    













powered by 

 
      read our privacy policy

















