



job application for data engineer at trunk club





















          apply now
        
data engineer

        at trunk club
      
(view all jobs)

        chicago, il
      


working for trunk club
when you join trunk club, you join the nordstrom family. our fast-paced and entrepreneurial environment is paired with the strong history and experience of a retail legacy. we have access to some of the greatest minds in retail and technology and are constantly creating innovative strategies to develop the ultimate apparel solutions. we welcome your adaptability, your curiosity, and your passion to contribute to our unparalleled shopping experience!
who we are
at trunk club, we're building the future of retail, enabled through technology. on the data services team, we believe data has the power to drive the business forward, and we push every day to enable data-driven decisions across all aspects of the organization.  we have hundreds of data sources, a robust enterprise data warehouse and use tableau for visual analytics. some of the tools and platforms we work with are python, sql, aws, spark, r and many other open-source technologies.
responsibilities

building end-to-end data integration and data warehousing solutions for analytics teams.  
designing and creating services and system architecture.
building and maintaining enterprise data platforms.  
working daily with sql and python and using spark for big data processing.
using analytical and problem-solving skills to take complex business requests and transform them into clean, simple data solutions.
brainstorming and contributing ideas to our technology, algorithms, and products.
working with an agile mindset to deliver small projects quickly in order to provide value and gain feedback in a production environment.
creating amazing user experiences for both internal and external customers.

how we work

with collaboration. we frequently pair program. we work at pairing stations - two keyboards, two minds, one outcome.
with transparency. we work in an open team room; no cubicles or private offices. communication is key to our process, and we don't want to hinder it with walls.
with agility. we don’t believe in following a process for process’s sake. we ship frequently and focus on delivering incremental value.
with open minds. we are committed to building a diverse team of people with unique perspectives. this encourages a healthy and inclusive environment that builds a more sustainable, successful company.
with pride. we value our people most of all. we invest in ourselves by applying our own strengths and interests to company needs.

a few of our perks

lunch-and-learns
annual stipend for continuous education
tech all-hands lunches every other friday
hack days
team outings
nordstrom discount
flexible work environment
social environment with built-in bars

who you are

an analyst. you are able to take complex requests and transform them into clean, simple data solutions.
a learner. you have an insatiable thirst for knowledge and greater understanding.
a pragmatist. your goal is to create useful products, not build technology for technology’s sake.
a closer. you are someone who loves to get stuff done, and done well. 








apply for this job

* required
        


first name *



last name *



email *



phone



resume/cv


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 














cover letter


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 

















linkedin profile
    





website
    





how did you hear about this job? *



please selectcareer site
social media
glassdoor
college job board
linkedin
indeed
employee referral
nordstrom
twitter
other
builtinchicago


if you selected employee referral, please indicate who referred you. 
    





if you selected other, please indicate how you heard about us.
    





what is your current compensation? *






what are your compensation expectations?  *






are you legally authorized to live and work permanently in the united states? *



--
yes
no


will you now or in the future require sponsorship to work in the united states? *



--
yes
no








 



share this job:    













powered by 

 
      read our privacy policy



















