









career center








































new search
                       
                    


login page
                       
                    














position description























 



senior software development engineer - perc - 5607




work location


us - or, wilsonville




req id


5607




job category


r&d/software engineering




apply now
 
job duties: 
we are looking for a highly motivated software engineer to work on the calibre engineering team in the design to silicon business unit. you will be part of a team responsible for designing, developing, debugging and supporting the calibre perc software. development responsibilities will span different software tools including core computation engines, application software, apis, and utilities. you will work with a senior group of software engineers contributing to final production level quality of new components and algorithms and to support existing code base.  you will collaborate with quality assurance, technical publications, marketing, and customer support to deliver high-quality products on schedule. you will participate in scheduling and estimation of tasks, and assist in defining and developing software development best practices. self-motivation, desire to take technical ownership, results-driven positive attitude, teamwork, and good communication skills will contribute to your success in our business unit.
 
job qualifications: 
-bs/ ms/phd. in computer science, electrical engineering or related discipline. 
-knowledge of numerical analysis required. 
-knowledge of circuit theory or machine learning a plus. 
-individuals with strong ability to learn and explore new technologies and who are able to demonstrate good analysis and problem solving skills are  preferred. 
-prior experience with large software development projects is highly recommended. 
-you will need excellent programming and software engineering skills. 
-experience with multithreaded and/or distributed programming is a big plus. 
-knowledge of c, c++ and experience with unix and/or linux platforms is necessary. 
-self-motivation, self-discipline and the ability to set personal goals and work consistently towards them in a dynamic environment will go far  towards contributing to your success.
 
about mentor graphics:   
mentor graphics® is a technology leader in electronic design automation (eda), providing software and hardware design solutions that enable companies to develop better electronic products faster and more cost-effectively. the company offers innovative products and solutions that help engineers overcome the design challenges they face in the increasingly complex worlds of board and chip design. mentor graphics has the broadest industry portfolio of best-in-class products and is the only eda company with an embedded software solution.
 
this position may require access to export-controlled technology. if an export license is required and mentor graphics elects to apply for such a license, then candidates must be approved and licensed by the applicable government authorities as a condition of employment.
 
all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, sex, sexual orientation, gender expression or identity, color, religion, national origin, disability or protected veteran status.

back
email
apply now














  
  
  
  























