




nike digital engineer at nike inc






















skip navigation




shop


nike+













corporate careers
retail careers
benefits
locations
internships
temporary opportunities – u.s.




















nike digital careers
inspire greatness. join a digital team that inspires.







nike digital engineer
apply now

become a part of the nike, inc. team
nike, inc. does more than outfit the world's best athletes. it is a place to explore potential, obliterate boundaries and push out the edges of what can be. the company looks for people who can grow, think, dream and create. its culture thrives by embracing diversity and rewarding imagination. the brand seeks achievers, leaders and visionaries. at nike, it’s about each person bringing skills and passion to a challenging and constantly evolving game.
nike, inc., digital & technology inspires athletes worldwide to move faster, push harder and pursue their personal best. from personalized training content to access to sport’s top stories, the world of nike digital is leveling the playing field like nothing before. this team powers nike’s entire digital presence, including nike.com and nikeid, nike+ products and mobile applications, digital brand experiences and consumer interactions. using consumer analytics, statistics, digital marketing, software development and social media, nike digital disrupts with new and better ways for consumers to connect with products and each other, delivering sport into the future.
description
athletes constantly chase their potential. they seek information, motivation and the gear to give them an edge over the competition. the nike digital team enables nike, inc.'s digital products and services that inspire athletes to do one more lap, one more crunch or one more marathon. the team fuels dynamic brand experiences, consumer interactions and nike’s digital platforms, including nike.com and nikeid. they use world-class technology, decades of athlete insights, and skills such as analytics, statistics, digital marketing, software development, social media engagement and more to deliver products and experiences to athletes around the world.as a nike digital engineer, you'll work with a variety of talented nike teammates and be a driving force for building business intelligence and analytics solutions for nike digital. you'll be responsible for the delivery of solutions on top of platform implementation. these solutions power critical business decisions and personalized experiences for our consumers.
qualifications
master’s degree in computer science or related discipline with an expected graduation date in spring 2018hands on experience with hdfs, map reduce, presto, hive, impala, spark or similar technologiesability to build libraries, user defined functions and frameworks on hadoop eco systemresearch, evaluate and utilize new technologies/tools/frameworks around hadoop and aws eco systemexcellent scripting skills in one or more (java script, shell, python etc.)understanding of hadoop distributions such as cloudera or emrdemonstrated experience and ability to deliver results quickly and correctly in a fast-paced environment on multiple projectsexperience with performance/scalability tuning, algorithms and computational complexityproven communication skills to work in cross functional teams to complete solution design, development and deliveryexposure to or knowledge of working in large-scale distributed application developmentexperience with machine learning algorithmsstatistical analysis with r, python or similarexperience with nosql & columnar databases technologies such as cassandra, redshift/hbaseexperience with messaging & complex event processing systems such as kafka, storm and sparkexperience with aws or cloudapplications due by october 31st. ur id: 3855846319
nike, inc. is a growth company that looks for team members to grow with it. nike offers a generous total rewards package, casual work environment, a diverse and inclusive culture, and an electric atmosphere for professional development. no matter the location, or the role, every nike employee shares one galvanizing mission: to bring inspiration and innovation to every athlete* in the world.
nike, inc. is committed to employing a diverse workforce. qualified applicants will receive consideration without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, veteran status, or disability.
job id src-diggf-collegiate

apply now


still looking?
find the right career here.


search


keyword



location




radius
radius
5 miles
15 miles
25 miles
35 miles
50 miles



go






job recommendations
with just 1 click and a connection with linkedin, you can receive job listings that best match your previous positions.
match my jobs



share

email
linkedin
facebook
tumblr






job alerts
first namelast nameemail addressinterested insign up for job alerts by choosing a category and/or location. start typing for suggestions and click the button to add your alerts before submitting. you must have at least 1 alert added in order to subscribe.categorylocationadddigital & technology, beaverton, oregon, united statesremoveremove

confirm email









join our talent community
didn't find what you're looking for? submit your information for future consideration.
sign up






internships
get fully immersed in our culture of curiosity and innovation. start a corporate internship at nike.
learn more




innovation at nike
take a behind the scenes look at how nike employees shaped product and experiences for the biggest football tournament in the world.
learn more




benefits
as part of the world’s leading sports brand enjoy great benefits that fit, varied by position and location.
learn more




locations
employees in six continents and 53-plus countries make up one global nike team.
learn more








mobile

orders
stories
help



first

gift cards
find a store
sign up for email
join nike+



second

get help
order status
shipping and delivery
returns
payment options
contact us



third

news
about nike
careers
investors
converse careers
sustainable innovation
ca supply chains act




social





































united states © 2017 nike, inc. all rights reserved


guides

nikeid
running
basketball
nfl
golf
nike sprtswear
soccer
skateboarding
tennis
kids
flyknit
nike free
lunarion
dri-fit
nike zoom
tech pack
football
baseball
nike innovation
nike flyease
nike grind


terms & conditions
privacy policy
sitemap
ca supply chains act



nike, inc. is committed to employing a diverse workforce. qualified applicants will receive consideration without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, protected veteran status, or disability. nike is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodation to individuals with disabilities. if, because of a medical condition or disability, you need a reasonable accommodation for any part of the employment process, please call 503-671-4156 and let us know the nature of your request, your location and your contact information.
for more information, please refer to equal employment opportunity is the law.














