




thermo fisher scientific - sr. software engineer job in machine learning 















































home
discover our stories
career areas


engineering
field service
finance
general management
human resources
operations & supply chain
quality
regulatory
r&d
sales & marketing
software & it
military & veteran
students & new grads


our culture


our mission & values
what we do
our brands
diversity & inclusion
corporate responsibility
awards


employee experience 


5 reasons to work at thermo fisher
benefits
how to apply
virtual lab training


locations 


north america
rochester
sparks
emea
latin america
apac
china
australia / new zealand
southeast asia
india
korea
japan


featured areas 


bioproduction


events



explore



careers at
thermofisher scientific



 what story will you tell?




search jobs




category

category
accounting/auditing
administrative services
bioinformatics
business management
communications
corporate strategy development
customer service
engineering
facilities / real estate
featured
field services
finance / economics
human resources
information technology
internship & apprenticeship
legal & compliance
manufacturing & production
marketing
new grad
operations
procurement / purchasing
product management
project management
quality
regulatory
research & development
sales
scientist
software development
supply chain / distribution





country

select a country





state/region

 select





city

 select




search


or search by keyword





























































































































































































































































































































































































































































careeropportunities
what story will you tell?









careers home > 
job details









    sr. software engineer - machine learning

  


apply now >>
       



job id : 
55261br


location : 
us - oregon - hillsboro


 : 
job descriptionas the world leader in serving science, we empower our people to advance innovative technologies, develop meaningful solutions, and build rewarding careers. with revenues of $18 billion and the largest investment in r&d in the industry, we give our 55,000 extraordinary minds the resources and opportunities to make significant contributions to the world. if you are machine learning scientist with a background in computer vision algorithm development, have great communication skills and you enjoy working with smart people… then read on!  we are looking for self-motivated individual with strong software skills to work in a group focused on automation software to control thermo fishers transmission electron microscopes marketed in our semiconductor business.  in this position, you will join a team developing the preeminent innovative wafer-to-atomic information workflows, enabling our semiconductor customers to make timely decisions. this team builds ai computer vision algorithms, and machine automation routines to simplify and automate the dual beam electron and ion beam microscope. the primary purpose of this system is to create micron size samples that are tens of nanometers thick to be imaged in thermo fishers transmission electron microscopes. responsibilities:develop machine learning algorithms for robust object detection, classification and pose estimation.develop algorithm designs based on a full comprehension of the function, purpose and application of the product.package and communicate highly technical concepts to both technical and non-technical audiences.minimum qualifications:strong background in machine learning and computer vision techniques.knowledge of deep learning techniques such as cnnstrong mathematical aptitude.familiarity with python and c/c++.excellent interpersonal communications skills are required due to the high degree of interaction and collaboration across functional groups.typically requires a university m.s. or ph.d. degree in computer science, physics, math, or related technical discipline.eligible for passport and able to travel.preferred qualifications:experience developing production quality software.knowledge of microscopy (optical/florescence, fib, sem, tem)development experience with highly-integrated, high-performance systems used in semiconductor capital equipment or related industries.thermo fisher scientific is an eeo/affirmative action employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, disability or any other legally protected status.thermo fisher scientific is an eeo/affirmative action employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, disability or any other legally protected status.



apply now >>
       








join our talent community
if you're ready to make a difference in the world, you can do it here.
join 


share
























the stories we tell






 




my work is a story of momentum






 




inspiring future scientists







our mission is to enable our customers to make the world healthier, cleaner and safer.




about thermo fisher scientific

					thermo fisher scientific inc. (nyse: tmo) is the world leader in serving science, with revenues of more than $20 billion and approximately 65,000 employees globally. our mission is to enable our customers to make the world healthier, cleaner and safer. we help our customers accelerate life sciences research, solve complex analytical challenges, improve patient diagnostics, deliver medicines to market and increase laboratory productivity. through our premier brands - thermo scientific, applied biosystems, invitrogen, fisher scientific and unity lab services - we offer an unmatched combination of innovative technologies, purchasing convenience and comprehensive services.
				




premier brands

thermo scientific
applied biosystems
invitrogen
fisher scientific
unity lab services



follow us

facebook
glassdoor
linkedin
twitter
youtube



company information

about us
investors
newsroom
responsibility
careers









© 2017 thermo fisher scientific, inc. all rights reserved.



accessibility/disability access
terms & conditions
privacy statement
eeo & affirmative action statement
sitemap
powered by smashfly







				all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, creed, religion, color, national or ethnic origin, citizenship, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, genetic information, veteran status, age or disability status. read more
pay transparency nondiscrimination provision. read more
philadelphia's fair chance hiring law read more

disability access
					if you are an individual with a disability who requires reasonable accommodation to complete any part of our application process, including the use of this website, please click here.

							applicants have rights under federal employment laws; family and medical leave act (fmla); equal employment opportunity (eeo); and employee polygraph protection act (eppa).
						























 