




master data technical lead at nike inc






















skip navigation




shop


nike+













corporate careers
retail careers
benefits
locations
internships
temporary opportunities – u.s.




















nike it careers
nike corporate employees shatter limits daily at company headquarters and offices around the world.







master data technical lead
apply now

become a part of the nike, inc. team
nike, inc. does more than outfit the world's best athletes. it is a place to explore potential, obliterate boundaries and push out the edges of what can be. the company looks for people who can grow, think, dream and create. its culture thrives by embracing diversity and rewarding imagination. the brand seeks achievers, leaders and visionaries. at nike, it’s about each person bringing skills and passion to a challenging and constantly evolving game.
nike technology designs, creates and implements the methods and tools needed to make the world’s largest sports brand run faster, smarter and more securely. global technology teams aggressively innovate the solutions needed to help employees navigate nike's rapidly evolving landscape. from infrastructure to security and supply chain operations, technology specialists drive growth through top-flight hardware, software and enterprise applications. simply put, without nike technology, there are no nike products. 
description
        nike does more than outfit the world's best athletes. we are a place to explore potential, obliterate boundaries, and push out the edges of what can be. we're looking for people who can grow, think, dream and create. we thrive in a culture that embraces diversity and rewards imagination. we seek achievers, leaders and visionaries. at nike, it's about bringing all that you have to a challenging and constantly evolving game.now, more than ever, our organization needs to respond quickly to turn market disruptions into opportunities for our brand. to achieve this, we must continue to develop our enterprise data capabilities to ensure we’re maximizing the power of the nike enterprise in the data & analytics/machine learning space and managing data as a competitive advantage.if you’re ready to innovate and help lead our enterprise data organization, come join us now! you will be part of an organization that is revolutionizing nike technology platforms and architecting a data and analytics landscape that is simplified, modern, flexible and will ultimately enable nike on its journey to 2020 and beyond. your role on the teamas a mdm configuration expert engineer within enterprise data management you will be a key member of a highly visible team focused on building the infrastructure necessary to provide master data management services throughout nike business functions to meet their strategic objectives.essential job functions•	good understanding of core mdm concepts such as data consolidation, data quality, master data publishing and data governance•	strong mdm background as a technology expert in master data, informatica mdm technology skills are a must•	working experience with at least one functional master data domain such as customer/vendor/product/employee.•	work with end users and bsa’s to understand requirements and build master data solutions•	co-ordinate and administer mdm deployments and migrations between environments•	actively participate and lead data modelling conversations of mdm and provide cara•	hands on experience with configuration of various mdm hub components such as base objects, packages, security roles•	hands on experience with the data load process of mdm landing / staging / loading master data into mdm hub•	configuring and tuning match rules in informatica mdm based on discussions with business.•	experience with configuration of informatica mdm hub, informatica data director and active vos•	experience with informatica mdm business entity services(bes)•	basic understanding of active vos workflows, configuration is preferred, should have good understanding of idd-active vos workflow interaction•	hands on experience with sif / webservices using mdm •	working knowledge of idd and coding for user exits•	experience working in an evolving agile system
qualifications
        •	a bachelor's degree in business, information technology or related field•	at least 5 years with informatica mdm•	configuration with informatica mdm hub console•	configuration of idd (informatica data director)•	strong oracle pl/sql skills•	basic java 7 / 8 programming experience•	infa mdm sif (services integration framework)/ bes experience•	active vos workflow expertise•	unix operating system•	exposure to integration of master data using aws / fusion / tibco middleware•	strong interpersonal and communication skills (written and verbal)•	proven experience building strong working relationships •	detail oriented with strong information seeking skills•	good listening skills and openness to different points of view•	self-motivated and collaborative •	good analytical and problem-solving skills•	good working knowledge of data architecture and database structure
nike, inc. is a growth company that looks for team members to grow with it. nike offers a generous total rewards package, casual work environment, a diverse and inclusive culture, and an electric atmosphere for professional development. no matter the location, or the role, every nike employee shares one galvanizing mission: to bring inspiration and innovation to every athlete* in the world.
nike, inc. is committed to employing a diverse workforce. qualified applicants will receive consideration without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, veteran status, or disability.
job id 00362787

apply now


still looking?
find the right career here.


search


keyword



location




radius
radius
5 miles
15 miles
25 miles
35 miles
50 miles



go






job recommendations
with just 1 click and a connection with linkedin, you can receive job listings that best match your previous positions.
match my jobs



share

email
linkedin
facebook
tumblr






job alerts
first namelast nameemail addressinterested insign up for job alerts by choosing a category and/or location. start typing for suggestions and click the button to add your alerts before submitting. you must have at least 1 alert added in order to subscribe.categorylocationaddtechnology, beaverton, oregon, united statesremovedigital & technology, beaverton, oregon, united statesremoveit, beaverton, oregon, united statesremoveremove

confirm email









join our talent community
didn't find what you're looking for? submit your information for future consideration.
sign up






internships
get fully immersed in our culture of curiosity and innovation. start a corporate internship at nike.
learn more




innovation at nike
take a behind the scenes look at how nike employees shaped product and experiences for the biggest football tournament in the world.
learn more




benefits
as part of the world’s leading sports brand enjoy great benefits that fit, varied by position and location.
learn more




locations
employees in six continents and 53-plus countries make up one global nike team.
learn more








mobile

orders
stories
help



first

gift cards
find a store
sign up for email
join nike+



second

get help
order status
shipping and delivery
returns
payment options
contact us



third

news
about nike
careers
investors
converse careers
sustainable innovation
ca supply chains act




social





































united states © 2017 nike, inc. all rights reserved


guides

nikeid
running
basketball
nfl
golf
nike sprtswear
soccer
skateboarding
tennis
kids
flyknit
nike free
lunarion
dri-fit
nike zoom
tech pack
football
baseball
nike innovation
nike flyease
nike grind


terms & conditions
privacy policy
sitemap
ca supply chains act



nike, inc. is committed to employing a diverse workforce. qualified applicants will receive consideration without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, protected veteran status, or disability. nike is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodation to individuals with disabilities. if, because of a medical condition or disability, you need a reasonable accommodation for any part of the employment process, please call 503-671-4156 and let us know the nature of your request, your location and your contact information.
for more information, please refer to equal employment opportunity is the law.














