









data scientist - external careers





 




















skip to content










about
benefits
departments
locations
view all jobs
sign in











 


data scientist


                    san francisco
                









apply now


facebook
linkedin
twitter
google plus
send to a friend








ref#: p1081

our mission.
as the world’s number 1 job site, our mission is to help people get jobs. we need talented, passionate people working together to make this happen. we are looking to grow our teams with people who share our energy and enthusiasm for creating the best experience for job seekers.


the team.
we are a rapidly growing and highly capable engineering team building the most popular job site on the planet. every month, over 200 million people count on us to help them find jobs, publish their resumes, process their job applications, and connect them to qualified candidates for their job openings. with engineering hubs in seattle, san francisco, austin, tokyo and hyderabad, we are improving people's lives all around the world, one job at a time.


your job.
as a data scientist at indeed your role is to follow the data. analyze, visualize, and model job search related data. you will build and implement machine learning models to make timely decisions. you will have access to unparalleled resources within indeed to grow and develop both personally and professionally.we are looking for a mixture between a statistician, scientist, machine learning expert and engineer: someone who has passion for building and improving internet-scale products informed by data. the ideal candidate understands human behavior and knows what to look for in the data.


about you.
requirements ph.d. or m.s. in a quantitative field such as computer science, statistics, or mathematicsminimum 2+ years of professional industry experience in data scienceexpertise in machine learning and statistical modelingpassion to answer product/engineering questions with datastrong ability to code in pythonwe get excited about candidates whohave full stack experience in data collection, aggregation, analysis, visualization, productionization, and monitoring of data science productsare proficient in small data modeling work: python, r, julia, octaveare proficient in big data modeling work: hadoop, pig, scala, sparkcan fish for data: sql, pandas, mongodbdeploy data science solutions: java, python, c++communicate concisely and persuasively with engineers and product managersindeed provides a variety of benefits that help us focus on our mission of helping people get jobs. view our bounty of perks: http://indeedhi.re/indeedbenefits  



apply now



< back to search results






indeed is proud to be an equal opportunity employer, seeking to create a welcoming and diverse environment.
all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status.







                                facebook
                            


                                twitter
                            


                                youtube
                            


                                instagram
                            




©2017 indeed. all rights reserved.  *comscore, total visits march 2017









