



job application for staff data scientist at fitbit





















          apply now
        
staff data scientist

        at fitbit
      
(view all jobs)

        us - san francisco
      


at fitbit, our mission is to help people lead healthier, more active lives by empowering them with data, inspiration and guidance to reach their goals.
 we started our journey in 2007—as a team of two with one big idea. today, that idea has become a movement. fitbit is now a publicly-traded company creating award-winning products and services that are available across the globe. we’re transforming the way the world sees health & fitness. in fact, the fitbit community has taken enough steps to walk from the sun to pluto. our culture combines the spirit of startup with the perks of being public—offering a competitive benefits package and amazing perks like free lunches, friday happy hours, on-site fitness classes and more. as part of our team, you’ll have the opportunity to grow your career, contribute your ideas to life-changing products and services, and—above all—have fun doing it.
 fitbit’s hq campus is made up of three modern buildings located at the heart of soma in san francisco. monday-friday you can feast your eyes on amazing views of the skyline, then feast yourself on some of the city’s best food trucks, lunch spots and coffee shops. when you’ve had your fill, lace up and make your way to the ferry building for the perfect post-work run or walk along the water (with the bay bridge as your backdrop)! 
think you’ve found your fit? see what we’re looking for below and apply today.
fitbit research is world-class team of hacker-scientist-types who dream up, prototype, and deliver shipping products. we investigate a big set of problems from hardware development to embedded signal processing algorithms to data mining.  experimentation is critical.  we work in a dynamic and collaborative environment where the goal is to learn things quickly, iterate fast, and make awesome products.
your role:
 you will work with a team of data scientists and analysts to invent compelling data products in the fitbit ecosystem of wearables, connected devices, and software services. think the ultimate personalized fitness coach that is driven from your data, then combine that with sleep, nutrition, weight, and all the other data in the fitbit experience. you will have large responsibilities in generating or taking ideas and growing them into a final product. you will help dream up and prototype new data-based features, perform analysis to determine what is interesting and useful in those features, design experiments to focus feature development, and design scalable machine learning. you will do a lot of experiments. you will work with a diverse group of technical experts in the research department to figure out hard problems and, ultimately, help ship products with the other engineering teams at fitbit.
qualifications

6 or more year’s experience in data products with expertise in one or more of the following: recommender systems, classification algorithms, data mining, outcomes research 
phd. in computer science, statistics, physics or a related technical field
adept at full stack feature prototyping: back end infrastructure, large scale algorithms, and front end experiences
skilled at creating and transferring production worthy code
mastery of programming and scientific computation (python, r), data visualization (d3, shiny) and presenting data in a relatable way
expert at querying sql and nosql database
motivated, independent, efficient and able to handle several projects
friendly, articulate, and interested in working in a fun, small team environment

we are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. we do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.
 







apply for this job

* required
        


first name *



last name *



email *



phone *



resume/cv


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 














cover letter


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 

















linkedin profile
    





website
    







u.s. equal opportunity employment information (completion is voluntary)


  individuals seeking employment at fitbit are considered without regards
  to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical
  or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation. you are
  being given the opportunity to provide the following information in order to help us
  comply with federal and state equal employment opportunity/affirmative action record
  keeping, reporting, and other legal requirements.


  completion of the form is entirely voluntary. whatever your decision,
  it will not be considered in the hiring process or thereafter. any information that you
  do provide will be recorded and maintained in a confidential file.


gender
please selectmale
female
decline to self identify


are you hispanic/latino?
please selectyes
no
decline to self identify


please identify your race
please selectamerican indian or alaskan native
asian
black or african american
hispanic or latino
white
native hawaiian or other pacific islander
two or more races
decline to self identify


      race & ethnicity definitions


  if you believe you belong to any of the categories of protected veterans listed below,
  please indicate by making the appropriate selection.  as a government contractor
  subject to vietnam era veterans readjustment assistance act (vevraa), we request this
  information in order to measure the effectiveness of the outreach and positive
  recruitment efforts we undertake pursuant to vevraa. classification of protected
  categories is as follows:


  a "disabled veteran" is one of the following: a veteran of the u.s. military, ground,
  naval or air service who is entitled to compensation (or who but for the receipt of
  military retired pay would be entitled to compensation) under laws administered by the
  secretary of veterans affairs; or a person who was discharged or released from active
  duty because of a service-connected disability.


  a "recently separated veteran" means any veteran during the three-year period beginning
  on the date of such veteran's discharge or release from active duty in the u.s.
  military, ground, naval, or air service.


  an "active duty wartime or campaign badge veteran" means a veteran who served on active
  duty in the u.s. military, ground, naval or air service during a war, or in a campaign
  or expedition for which a campaign badge has been authorized under the laws
  administered by the department of defense.


  an "armed forces service medal veteran" means a veteran who, while serving on active
  duty in the u.s. military, ground, naval or air service, participated in a united
  states military operation for which an armed forces service medal was awarded pursuant
  to executive order 12985.


veteran status
please selecti am not a protected veteran
i identify as one or more of the classifications of a protected veteran
i don't wish to answer



form cc-305
omb control number 1250-0005
expires 1/31/2020

voluntary self-identification of disability
why are you being asked to complete this form?

  because we do business with the government, we must reach out to, hire, and provide
  equal opportunity to qualified people with disabilities1.  to help us
  measure how well we are doing, we are asking you to tell us if you have a disability or
  if you ever had a disability.  completing this form is voluntary, but we hope that you
  will choose to fill it out.  if you are applying for a job, any answer you give will be
  kept private and will not be used against you in any way.


  if you already work for us, your answer will not be used against you in any way.
  because a person may become disabled at any time, we are required to ask all of our
  employees to update their information every five years.  you may voluntarily
  self-identify as having a disability on this form without fear of any punishment
  because you did not identify as having a disability earlier.

how do i know if i have a disability?

  you are considered to have a disability if you have a physical or mental impairment or
  medical condition that substantially limits a major life activity, or if you have a
  history or record of such an impairment or medical condition.

disabilities include, but are not limited to:

blindness
deafness
cancer
diabetes
epilepsy
autism
cerebral palsy
hiv/aids
schizophrenia
muscular dystrophy
bipolar disorder
major depression
multiple sclerosis (ms)
missing limbs or partially missing limbs
post-traumatic stress disorder (ptsd)
obsessive compulsive disorder
impairments requiring the use of a wheelchair
intellectual disability (previously called mental retardation)


disability status
please selectyes, i have a disability (or previously had a disability)
no, i don't have a disability
i don't wish to answer

reasonable accommodation notice

  federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified
  individuals with disabilities. please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation
  to apply for a job or to perform your job.  examples of reasonable accommodation
  include making a change to the application process or work procedures, providing
  documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using
  specialized equipment.


1section 503 of the rehabilitation act of 1973, as amended.  for more
  information about this form or the equal employment obligations of federal contractors,
  visit the u.s. department of labor's office of federal contract compliance programs
  (ofccp) website at www.dol.gov/ofccp.


  public burden statement:  according to the paperwork reduction act of 1995 no persons
  are required to respond to a collection of information unless such collection displays
  a valid omb control number. this survey should take about 5 minutes to complete.








 



share this job:    













powered by 

 
      read our privacy policy
















