



job application for data scientist at entelo
























          apply now
        
data scientist

        at entelo
      
(view all jobs)

        san francisco, ca
      


entelo is transforming the way companies hire. we leverage big data and predictive analytics to make recruiting better for candidates and recruiters alike. in 2017, we were thrilled to be named one of glassdoor’s best places to work!
do you love math, statistics, programming and solving puzzles? do you believe data builds better products and has a key role in product decisions? we have something for you!
you’ll be partnering with entelo’s product and engineering teams to drive actionable data insights and solutions from hundreds of millions of social profiles across dozens of heterogeneous data sources. our data is in terabytes range but we are not looking to stop anytime soon. we are looking to scale aggressively, not only technologically improving our data pipelining capabilities but also ramping up our data science initiatives to the next level. you'll implement algorithms around entity resolution and predictive models, text classifiers, and statistical models for personalized talent search and recommendation. and there’s more...
the perfect candidate will have a strong quantitative background, will be able to tackle abstract business and engineering problems, possesses strong enthusiasm and initiative, and comfortable working with ambiguity. you are a team player that is passionate and constantly aspires to grow and improve.
we look for a combination of:

2+ years of experience in quantitative analysis experience, preferably in an engineering role
quantitative background in statistics, computer science, math or other technical fields (graduate degrees preferred)
1+ years of experience in statistical modelling, machine learning, data mining, nlp and / or information retrieval
proven ability in implementing big data machine learning applications at scale and in production environment
experience with common analysis tools - sql, python, and spark. demonstrable familiarity with code and programming concepts
self-driven and laser-focused, able to quickly prototype ideas, perform critical analysis and using creative approaches to solving complex problems

at entelo, perks mean so much more than free lunches and unlimited pto (although we provide both!). we’re committed to helping entelopes grow; we offer opportunities for professional development and a generous learning and development stipend. entelo is also committed to the community; we partner with impactful non-profits, volunteer regularly, and provide a charitable match. we perform at a high level, while respecting our teammates lives outside of work.
we celebrate diversity and welcome all qualified applicants regardless of race, religion, sex, age, national origin, sexual orientation, disability, veteran status, genetic information or criminal history. we’ve taken the white house equal pay pledge and are committed to maintaining a welcoming and equitable environment.







apply for this job

* required
        











(optional)

almost there! review your information then click 'submit application' to apply.



first name *



last name *



email *



phone *




              location (city)
                *




resume/cv *


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 














cover letter


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 

















github profile url
    





linkedin profile
    







u.s. equal opportunity employment information (completion is voluntary)


  individuals seeking employment at entelo are considered without regards
  to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical
  or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation. you are
  being given the opportunity to provide the following information in order to help us
  comply with federal and state equal employment opportunity/affirmative action record
  keeping, reporting, and other legal requirements.


  completion of the form is entirely voluntary. whatever your decision,
  it will not be considered in the hiring process or thereafter. any information that you
  do provide will be recorded and maintained in a confidential file.


gender
please selectmale
female
decline to self identify


are you hispanic/latino?
please selectyes
no
decline to self identify


please identify your race
please selectamerican indian or alaskan native
asian
black or african american
hispanic or latino
white
native hawaiian or other pacific islander
two or more races
decline to self identify


      race & ethnicity definitions


  if you believe you belong to any of the categories of protected veterans listed below,
  please indicate by making the appropriate selection.  as a government contractor
  subject to vietnam era veterans readjustment assistance act (vevraa), we request this
  information in order to measure the effectiveness of the outreach and positive
  recruitment efforts we undertake pursuant to vevraa. classification of protected
  categories is as follows:


  a "disabled veteran" is one of the following: a veteran of the u.s. military, ground,
  naval or air service who is entitled to compensation (or who but for the receipt of
  military retired pay would be entitled to compensation) under laws administered by the
  secretary of veterans affairs; or a person who was discharged or released from active
  duty because of a service-connected disability.


  a "recently separated veteran" means any veteran during the three-year period beginning
  on the date of such veteran's discharge or release from active duty in the u.s.
  military, ground, naval, or air service.


  an "active duty wartime or campaign badge veteran" means a veteran who served on active
  duty in the u.s. military, ground, naval or air service during a war, or in a campaign
  or expedition for which a campaign badge has been authorized under the laws
  administered by the department of defense.


  an "armed forces service medal veteran" means a veteran who, while serving on active
  duty in the u.s. military, ground, naval or air service, participated in a united
  states military operation for which an armed forces service medal was awarded pursuant
  to executive order 12985.


veteran status
please selecti am not a protected veteran
i identify as one or more of the classifications of a protected veteran
i don't wish to answer



form cc-305
omb control number 1250-0005
expires 1/31/2020

voluntary self-identification of disability
why are you being asked to complete this form?

  because we do business with the government, we must reach out to, hire, and provide
  equal opportunity to qualified people with disabilities1.  to help us
  measure how well we are doing, we are asking you to tell us if you have a disability or
  if you ever had a disability.  completing this form is voluntary, but we hope that you
  will choose to fill it out.  if you are applying for a job, any answer you give will be
  kept private and will not be used against you in any way.


  if you already work for us, your answer will not be used against you in any way.
  because a person may become disabled at any time, we are required to ask all of our
  employees to update their information every five years.  you may voluntarily
  self-identify as having a disability on this form without fear of any punishment
  because you did not identify as having a disability earlier.

how do i know if i have a disability?

  you are considered to have a disability if you have a physical or mental impairment or
  medical condition that substantially limits a major life activity, or if you have a
  history or record of such an impairment or medical condition.

disabilities include, but are not limited to:

blindness
deafness
cancer
diabetes
epilepsy
autism
cerebral palsy
hiv/aids
schizophrenia
muscular dystrophy
bipolar disorder
major depression
multiple sclerosis (ms)
missing limbs or partially missing limbs
post-traumatic stress disorder (ptsd)
obsessive compulsive disorder
impairments requiring the use of a wheelchair
intellectual disability (previously called mental retardation)


disability status
please selectyes, i have a disability (or previously had a disability)
no, i don't have a disability
i don't wish to answer

reasonable accommodation notice

  federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified
  individuals with disabilities. please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation
  to apply for a job or to perform your job.  examples of reasonable accommodation
  include making a change to the application process or work procedures, providing
  documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using
  specialized equipment.


1section 503 of the rehabilitation act of 1973, as amended.  for more
  information about this form or the equal employment obligations of federal contractors,
  visit the u.s. department of labor's office of federal contract compliance programs
  (ofccp) website at www.dol.gov/ofccp.


  public burden statement:  according to the paperwork reduction act of 1995 no persons
  are required to respond to a collection of information unless such collection displays
  a valid omb control number. this survey should take about 5 minutes to complete.








 



share this job:    













powered by 

 
      read our privacy policy
















