



job application for data scientist, machine learning at virta health























          apply now
        
data scientist, machine learning

        at virta health
      

        san francisco
      


virta is an online specialty medical clinic that reverses type 2 diabetes safely and sustainably without the risks, costs, or side effects of medications or surgery. our innovations in nutritional biochemistry, data science and digital tools combined with our clinical  expertise are shifting the diabetes treatment paradigm from management to reversal. our mission: reverse type 2 diabetes in 100 million people by 2025.
you will be a key player in helping to drive our data science foundations and approach, helping to lay the groundwork for helping millions of diabetics to live healthier lives through sophisticated data analysis and applied solutions. from patient health projections to medication management, machine learning drives our workflow and is critical in scaling our operation to 100 million people. virta data scientists have the opportunity to select and gain experience with cutting-edge algorithms and techniques in order to deliver the most accurate models for our personalization and automation efforts.
requirements:

2+ years of experience with using python with data science & machine learning algorithms
natural language processing experience
knowledge of tensorflow & deep learning algorithms a plus
demonstrated ability to performing data analysis, develop models and algorithms, and build production code in addition
has attention to detail, carefully checks work for errors or oversights
loves learning new technologies and finding useful signals in structured and unstructured data

responsibilities:

develop machine learning systems at high velocity & high quality with well-structured code.
perform directed and undirected data analysis investigations to find useful signals that help us in our mission
coach and mentor fellow engineers to become great developers and recommend best practices and tools.

within your first 90 days at virta, we expect you will do the following:

develop and productize at least one new significant data-based feature or service
teach and inspire other team members through knowledge sharing, pair programming, code reviews, brown-bag sessions, reading group etc.
propose and implement one or more process improvements to make our engineering team even better

virta’s company values drive our culture, so you’ll do well if:

you put people first and take care of yourself, your peers, and our patients equally
you have a strong sense of ownership and take initiative while empowering others to do the same
you prioritize positive impact over busy work
you have no ego and understand that everyone has something to bring to the table regardless of experience
you appreciate transparency and promote trust and empowerment through open access of information
you are evidence-based and prioritize data and science over seniority or dogma
you take risks and rapidly iterate

 







apply for this job

* required
        


first name *



last name *



email *



phone *




              location (city)
                *




resume/cv *


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 














cover letter


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 

















linkedin profile
    





website
    





how did you hear about this job? *








u.s. equal opportunity employment information (completion is voluntary)


  individuals seeking employment at virta health are considered without regards
  to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical
  or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation. you are
  being given the opportunity to provide the following information in order to help us
  comply with federal and state equal employment opportunity/affirmative action record
  keeping, reporting, and other legal requirements.


  completion of the form is entirely voluntary. whatever your decision,
  it will not be considered in the hiring process or thereafter. any information that you
  do provide will be recorded and maintained in a confidential file.


gender
please selectmale
female
decline to self identify


are you hispanic/latino?
please selectyes
no
decline to self identify


please identify your race
please selectamerican indian or alaskan native
asian
black or african american
hispanic or latino
white
native hawaiian or other pacific islander
two or more races
decline to self identify


      race & ethnicity definitions


  if you believe you belong to any of the categories of protected veterans listed below,
  please indicate by making the appropriate selection.  as a government contractor
  subject to vietnam era veterans readjustment assistance act (vevraa), we request this
  information in order to measure the effectiveness of the outreach and positive
  recruitment efforts we undertake pursuant to vevraa. classification of protected
  categories is as follows:


  a "disabled veteran" is one of the following: a veteran of the u.s. military, ground,
  naval or air service who is entitled to compensation (or who but for the receipt of
  military retired pay would be entitled to compensation) under laws administered by the
  secretary of veterans affairs; or a person who was discharged or released from active
  duty because of a service-connected disability.


  a "recently separated veteran" means any veteran during the three-year period beginning
  on the date of such veteran's discharge or release from active duty in the u.s.
  military, ground, naval, or air service.


  an "active duty wartime or campaign badge veteran" means a veteran who served on active
  duty in the u.s. military, ground, naval or air service during a war, or in a campaign
  or expedition for which a campaign badge has been authorized under the laws
  administered by the department of defense.


  an "armed forces service medal veteran" means a veteran who, while serving on active
  duty in the u.s. military, ground, naval or air service, participated in a united
  states military operation for which an armed forces service medal was awarded pursuant
  to executive order 12985.


veteran status
please selecti am not a protected veteran
i identify as one or more of the classifications of a protected veteran
i don't wish to answer



form cc-305
omb control number 1250-0005
expires 1/31/2020

voluntary self-identification of disability
why are you being asked to complete this form?

  because we do business with the government, we must reach out to, hire, and provide
  equal opportunity to qualified people with disabilities1.  to help us
  measure how well we are doing, we are asking you to tell us if you have a disability or
  if you ever had a disability.  completing this form is voluntary, but we hope that you
  will choose to fill it out.  if you are applying for a job, any answer you give will be
  kept private and will not be used against you in any way.


  if you already work for us, your answer will not be used against you in any way.
  because a person may become disabled at any time, we are required to ask all of our
  employees to update their information every five years.  you may voluntarily
  self-identify as having a disability on this form without fear of any punishment
  because you did not identify as having a disability earlier.

how do i know if i have a disability?

  you are considered to have a disability if you have a physical or mental impairment or
  medical condition that substantially limits a major life activity, or if you have a
  history or record of such an impairment or medical condition.

disabilities include, but are not limited to:

blindness
deafness
cancer
diabetes
epilepsy
autism
cerebral palsy
hiv/aids
schizophrenia
muscular dystrophy
bipolar disorder
major depression
multiple sclerosis (ms)
missing limbs or partially missing limbs
post-traumatic stress disorder (ptsd)
obsessive compulsive disorder
impairments requiring the use of a wheelchair
intellectual disability (previously called mental retardation)


disability status
please selectyes, i have a disability (or previously had a disability)
no, i don't have a disability
i don't wish to answer

reasonable accommodation notice

  federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified
  individuals with disabilities. please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation
  to apply for a job or to perform your job.  examples of reasonable accommodation
  include making a change to the application process or work procedures, providing
  documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using
  specialized equipment.


1section 503 of the rehabilitation act of 1973, as amended.  for more
  information about this form or the equal employment obligations of federal contractors,
  visit the u.s. department of labor's office of federal contract compliance programs
  (ofccp) website at www.dol.gov/ofccp.


  public burden statement:  according to the paperwork reduction act of 1995 no persons
  are required to respond to a collection of information unless such collection displays
  a valid omb control number. this survey should take about 5 minutes to complete.








 



share this job:    













powered by 

 
      read our privacy policy
















