


mercy careers | mercy |dev ops engineer













































please enable cookies to continue
please enable cookies in your browser to experience all the personalized features of this site, including the ability to apply for a job.





returning candidate?

log back in!





dev ops engineer



dev ops engineer




requisition id 

2017-756268




category 
information technology





position type 

full time




shift(s) 
days, varies/rotating





department 

analytics




location 
us-mo-chesterfield







more information about this job




overview







 we’re a little different our mission is clear. we bring to life a healing ministry through our compassionate care and exceptional service.   we don’t believe in jobs at mercy, we believe in careers that match the unique gifts of unique individuals; careers that not only make the most of your skills and talents, but also your heart. at mercy, you’ll feel our supportive community every step of your day, especially the tough ones. we’re a team and love working that way. that team is expanding, and we currently have exceptional opportunities to help our communities grow. 







responsibilities and qualifications







the medical intelligence and analytics division at mercy is a small, agile, cross-disciplinary team that uniquely fuses together physician and nursing experience in the clinical domain with technical expertise in ehr database engineering, data modeling, bi development, ui / front-end development, machine learning and statistics. true to our team motto — 'transforming complexity into insight to enrich lives’ — we work closely with health care practitioners across the organization to build applications that reveal the insights hiding in our precious data resources in order to improve decision making and operational workflows that ultimately impact patient care. we are looking for an innovative and interdisciplinary devops team member. this position will be bridging the gap between the operations of the team, quality assurance, and development of analytical applications. a cross-understanding of software development, data development, and system automation would be foundational. through innovation and creativity, perform data analysis and workflow review to find the most optimal way to get the information to the right people at the right time. this role would keep the lights on, maintain technology, and create the path for ongoing evolution and growth. our team is made up of ’t-shaped’ people: people with an expertise in a specific domain, but who enjoy learning and applying their general problem solving skills across different roles. over time you will have the opportunity to branch out in directions like machine learning or dive deeper into back-end development on our cross-functional team. develop innovative solutions to help manage and automate existing analytical applications to improve availability, scalability, and other aspectsevaluate and track application performance, metrics, and availabilityreact to system inefficiencies and resolve issues quickly to ensure system availability and performanceleverage scripting for automation of alerting systems and msm text messaging.build applications in qlikviewintegrating real time data into the agile development cycle using your knowledge and proficiency in one or more of these (qlikview server admin, epic etl, hadoop, hl7)actively promote and help to maintain a professional team-oriented, service-conscious culture that contributes to the goals of the department and organization and reflects the values of mercyactively participate in regularly scheduled meetings at the system level providing appropriate input data as needed.proactively escalate risks and issues to leadership, resulting in timely and effective resolution.be capable of self-direction, within contextconduct research on emerging technologies in support of systems development efforts, and recommend technologies that will increase cost effectiveness and systems flexibility. because you’re committed to excellence, you understand the importance of being properly prepared for your role at mercy. that’s why you’ll bring to your role the right set of qualifications: education: bachelor degree in computer science, engineering or equivalentexperience: excellent hands on technical skill and related experience. experience in developing applications and with tools for managing and reviewing source code. experience with web services and web servers. understanding and practical application of etl processes. familiarity with continuous integration process.other skills & knowledge: open minded, positive, team-oriented attitude. good verbal & written communication skills and demonstrated ability to collaborate across teams and organizations. ability to pick up new technologies quickly. critical thinking skills with the ability to quickly make decisive decisions from limited written and/or oral information; excellent reading comprehension. ability to establish cooperative working relationships with diverse groups and individuals, medical staff and other health care disciplines and interact with all levels of employees. ability to work flexible work schedules to accommodate provider rounding schedules and required medical staff presentations.we’ll support you at work and home our foundations are built on dignity and respect. modern healthcare magazine named us as a “top 100 places to work.” we go out of our way to help people feel welcomed. we offer day-one comprehensive health, vision and dental coverage, pto, and employer-matched retirement funds, even to part-time employees. we’re proud to provide tuition reimbursement to help you grow and learn new skills. what makes a good match for mercy compassion and professionalism go hand-in-hand with us, along with exceptional quality care. having a positive outlook and a strong sense of advocacy is in perfect step with our mission and vision. we’re also collaborative and are not afraid to do a little extra to deliver excellent care – that’s just part of our commitment. if that sounds like a fit for you as well, we encourage you to apply.





options

apply for this jobapplyshareemail this job to a friendrefer



share on your newsfeed




connect with mercy




what if i am not ready to apply? submit your resume here  and be considered for future opportunities!








go back to the welcome page

application faqssoftware powered by icimswww.icims.com









