





vice president - analytics & reporting, outcomes & performance management - chesterfield, mo - navvis  jobs









 














home
jobs




vice president - analytics & reporting, outcomes & performance management - chesterfield, mo

toggle navigation








vice president - analytics & reporting, outcomes & performance management 

jobslogin 











 28-nov-2017 to 19-jan-2018 (cst) analytics chesterfield, mo, usa full time 



email me similar jobs email me this job



about us:
navvis, the healthcare growth and diversification company, is leading the charge to partner with organizations across america to transform healthcare. our approach is totally different in that it enables volume-based growth through value-based performance, unlocking economic strength to drive transformation. we combine the right strategies with operational excellence, supported by an integrated technology platform, that creates a growth services organization for our partners in healthcare. we design, build, and manage uniquely deployed payment models, care delivery transformation systems, and physician alignment strategies, helping our healthcare partners deliver on their missions, expand their margins, and thrive in their markets.  www.navvishealthcare.com
key objectives and deliverables:

build best in class innovative analytics to advance navvis' health ecosystem and care management capabilities in support of robust mobile and in-market capabilities.
build high level intelligence in analytics to provide ongoing assessment for everyone in a population, and maximize the opportunities to determine and evaluate the effectiveness of interventions at the population, provider and person level.
assemble cross functional and virtual teams through proven collaboration, organizational nimbleness and ability to manage influence and relationships.
build and lead the data analytics team with:

personalized health intelligence, with deep analytical skills and experience that drives insights across clinical operations and in-market solutions.
ongoing routine portfolio analytics for internal and external stakeholders.
a team that drives innovative solutions.


provide analytical intelligence to build a transformational and dynamic ecosystem that drives macro transformation at the system level and micro transformation at the personal level, and removes irreducible complexity.
equip clinical and operational decision makers with predictive, descriptive and prescriptive analytical insights to promote experiential impact on a person's health and bring transformative intelligence to providers and organizations.
enable a new level of proficiency, discernibility, and assimilation measured in health outcomes, utilization of care, healthcare access, effective transitions of care, evidence-based workflows, person and provider satisfaction, and cost.
apply quantitative analysis and data science essentials to develop strong analytical frameworks that drive the adoption of advance analytics within navvis and client parter organizations.

key skillset:

10+ years of experience in healthcare data analytics in a health plan, tpa, or health system is required.
expertise in machine learning and artificial intelligence, or recommended systems.
career steeped in analytics, reporting, performance and outcomes research.
advanced quantitative and analytical skills with the capacity to circumnavigate large and complex data sets making discerning interpretations and classifying relevant patterns.
detailed and in-depth experience with population, provider and person-level outcomes, forecasting, reporting, performance analysis, intervention effectiveness, and cost containment solutions.
comprehensive knowledge of care management and quality improvement practices and experience in benchmarking performance against national, regional, local, and industry trends.
extensive knowledge of provider payment models, reimbursement approaches, and related analytics.
ability to communicate complex ideas and analytical proficiency to internal and external stakeholders.
previous management experience in leading, training and mentoring the reporting and analytics team by providing guidance, prioritizing tasks, implementing quality control protocols, and ensuring operational excellence.
experience leading medium to large data management operations.
deep expertise of tableau and similiar data visualization platforms.
strong critical thinking skills and ability to perform critical analysis with limited oversight.

degrees/licensures:

bachelors degree in biostatistics, mathematics, economics, actuarial sciences, physics or analytics.
masters degree in informatics, biostatistics, decision sciences or machine learning.
advanced degree valuable, but not required (ph.d. biostatistics).


navvis 
https://navvis.aaimtrack.com






apply now
with our quick 3 minute application!



you have javascript disabled on your browser. you will not be able to apply for this position without enabling javascript. if you need assistance with enabling javascript, please click here for assistance.





 

* fields are required




what is your full name?




first name



last name





how can we contact you?


email





phone number



number type

home
cell
work







apply for this position
apply for this position







sign up for job alerts!








share this page















 


 


maintained by aaim - © 2017



refresh




 
 
 
 



















