











senior data engineer at capital one - us






















skip navigation




usa
united kingdom
canada








menu
        





teams & roles






















life at capital one

overview
benefits
inclusion
military


campus careers



saved jobs












senior data engineer
apply now
save
job id r37797 updated date 11/09/2017
location chicago, illinois
77 west wacker dr (35012), united states of america, chicago, illinoisat capital one, we’re building a leading information-based technology company. still founder-led by chairman and chief executive officer richard fairbank, capital one is on a mission to help our customers succeed by bringing ingenuity, simplicity, and humanity to banking. we measure our efforts by the success our customers enjoy and the advocacy they exhibit. we are succeeding because they are succeeding.                                               guided by our shared values, we thrive in an environment where collaboration and openness are valued. we believe that innovation is powered by perspective and that teamwork and respect for each other lead to superior results. we elevate each other and obsess about doing the right thing. our associates serve with humility and a deep respect for their responsibility in helping our customers achieve their goals and realize their dreams. together, we are on a quest to change banking for good.senior data engineerwho we are: capital one is a technology company, a research laboratory, and a nationally recognized brand with over 65 million customers. we offer a broad spectrum of financial products and services to consumers, small businesses and commercial clients - and data is at the center of everything we do. in december 2015, capital one was named a blue ribbon company by fortune magazine as one of only 25 companies in the world to make their top company lists four times in 2015 (fortune’s 100 best companies to work for, global 500, fortune 500, world’s most admired companies). capital one was also named as top workplace in the greater chicago area for 2015 by the chicago tribune and 5th among the large companies. come learn more about the great opportunities we have to offer!as a capital one hands on senior data engineer, you'll work on everything from applications using cutting-edge open source frameworks, to highly-available restful services, to back-end java based systems, to data pipelines for streaming data and cicd. you'll bring solid experience in emerging and traditional technologies such as: java, apache spark, aws, spring framework, hadoop, nosql databases, and relational databases to name a few.responsibilities:hands on developer, design, code, and test complex distributed systems, integrations and protocols.continuously improve software engineering practices.work within and across agile teams to lead design discussions.lead the craftsmanship, availability, resilience, and scalability of your solutions.bring a passion to stay on top of tech trends, experiment with and learn new technologies, participate in internal & external technology communities.encourage innovation, implementation of cutting-edge technologies, inclusion, outside-of-the-box thinking, teamwork and self-managed.basic qualifications:bachelor’s degree in computer science or engineering or military experienceat least 3 years’ experience in software development and programmingat least 2 years’ experience using open source or big data frameworksat least 3 years’ experience developing java or scala based software solutionsat least 1 year experience with devops or cicd deployments to production environmentsat least 1 year experience developing extract, load and transform data management processes for data warehouse platformsat least 1 year of experience developing and deploying on awspreferred qualifications:master’s degree in computer science or engineering2+ years in agile practices2+ years of experience with unix/linux systems with scripting experience in shell, perl or python2+ years of experience building data pipelines2+ years of experience with java, spark, scala, and/or kafka2+ years of experience with spark streaming, storm, flink, or other stream processing technologies2+ years of experience with data warehouse technologies: teradata, redshift, snowflake at this time, capital one will not sponsor a new applicant for employment authorization for this position.no agencies please.  capital one is an equal opportunity employer committed to diversity and inclusion in the workplace. all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, race, color, age, national origin, religion, physical and mental disability, genetic information, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity/assignment, citizenship, pregnancy or maternity, protected veteran status, or any other status prohibited by applicable national, federal, state or local law. capital one promotes a drug-free workplace.  capital one will consider for employment qualified applicants with a criminal history in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable laws regarding criminal background inquiries, including, to the extent applicable, article 23-a of the new york correction law; san francisco, california police code article 49, sections 4901-4920; new york city’s fair chance act; philadelphia’s fair criminal records screening act; and other applicable federal, state, and local laws and regulations regarding criminal background inquiries.if you have visited our website in search of information on employment opportunities or to apply for a position, and you require an accommodation, please contact capital one recruiting at 1-800-304-9102 or via email at recruitingaccommodation@capitalone.com. all information you provide will be kept confidential and will be used only to the extent required to provide needed reasonable accommodations.for technical support or questions about capital one's recruiting process, please send an email to careers@capitalone.comcapital one does not provide, endorse nor guarantee and is not liable for third-party products, services, educational tools or other information available through this site.capital one financial is made up of several different entities. please note that any position posted in canada is for capital one canada, any position posted in the united kingdom is for capital one europe and any position posted in the philippines is for capital one philippines service corp. (copssc).
apply now





share this job

facebook
twitter
linkedin
email







our location





job alerts
sign up here for job alerts and other communications from capital one.
email addressinterested inselect a job category from the list of options. select a location from the list of options. finally, click “add” to create your job alert.job category*select a job categoryanalyticsbrand/marketingbusiness bankingcafécafé ambassadorcafé coachcampus opportunitiescommercial bankingcompany builderscustomer advocatescustomer caredata engineeringdata sciencedesigndevopsengineeringfinanceinformation technologyinvestinglegalmachine learningmarket leadmclean data engineeringmclean devopsmclean engineeringmclean machine learningmclean softwareoperationspeople & workplacepersonal bankingproduct innovatorsproduct managementproject/process managementrisk management/auditsalessoftware engineeringstrategytechnology explorerstechnology operationsstate*select locationalabama, united statesarizona, united statescalabarzon, philippinescalifornia, united statescolorado, united statesconnecticut, united statesdelaware, united statesdistrict of columbia, united statesengland, united kingdomflorida, united statesgeorgia, united statesillinois, united statesindiana, united stateskansas, united stateslouisiana, united statesmaryland, united statesmassachusetts, united statesmichigan, united statesminnesota, united statesmississippi, united statesmissouri, united statesnebraska, united statesnevada, united statesnew jersey, united statesnew york, united statesnorth carolina, united statesohio, united statesoklahoma, united statesontario, canadaoregon, united statespennsylvania, united statesquebec, canadasouth carolina, united statestennessee, united statestexas, united statesutah, united statesvirginia, united stateswashington, united stateswisconsin, united statesaddinformation technology, chicago, illinois, united statesremoveengineering, chicago, illinois, united statesremovetechnology explorers, chicago, illinois, united statesremoveremove

confirm email






*required field




similar jobs


av senior support specialist
chicago, illinois


associate testing specialist
chicago, illinois, rolling meadows, illinois









keywords



location




radius
radius
5 miles
15 miles
25 miles
35 miles
50 miles



search





match jobs to your linkedin profile.

welcome back, login








investing in communities







more than just a bank







our take on interviews









facebook
linkedin
instagram
twitter
youtube
glassdoor



legal

privacy
security
terms & conditions
patriot act cert. *
service members civil
relief act

member fdicequal housing lender


capital one is an equal opportunity employer committed to diversity and inclusion in the workplace. capital one promotes a drug-free workplace.
all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, race, color, age, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, protected veteran status, disability or other protected status.
if you have visited our website in search of information on employment opportunities or to apply for a position, and you require an accommodation, please contact capital one recruiting at  1-800-304-9102 or via email at recruitingaccommodation@capitalone.com. all information you provide will be kept confidential and will be used only to the extent required to provide needed reasonable accommodations.
capital one is a federally registered service mark. all rights reserved. blank check® is a registered trademark of capital one services, llc. capital one does not provide, endorse, nor guarantee and is not liable for third party products, services, educational tools, or other information available through this site.
fortune and fortune 100 best companies to work for are registered trademarks of time inc. and are used under license. from fortune magazine, march 15, 2017 ©2017 time inc. used under license. fortune and time inc. are not affiliated with, and do not endorse products or services of, capital one financial corporation.
*plugins required [adobe®reader®]
e-verify® is a registered trademark of the u.s. department of homeland security 


this link opens in new tab.















