



equifax - job - director, data science and analytics




















  .search all jobs at equifax search









search








director, data science and analytics


				apply
			



job number:
								10929
						

position title:


external description:
equifax empowers businesses and consumers with information they can trust. with a strong heritage of innovation and leadership, we leverage our unique data, advanced analytics and proprietary technology to enrich the performance of businesses and the lives of consumers.we are seeking a hybrid of business professional and data scientist with competency in machine learning, statistics, risk modeling, and analytics. this individual will lead the development of advanced business intelligence tools, customer-facing risk and decisioning models, as well as, human capital and talent predictive models. the ideal candidate will have an innovation mindset and passion for mentoring and developing others, he or she will serve as a consultant to other statisticians and data analysts on the team, providing critical review and spurring the application of new analytical techniques to drive innovation. qualified candidates will have a strong academic background in data science, mathematics or statistics, and experience in managing data intensive projects. the focus of the equifax workforce solutions data & analytics organization is to harness the collective power of our vast data assets, state of the art systems, and advanced analytics to generate actionable insights for our business and customers.key deliverables:generate profitable business growth through data-driven insight and innovation.leverage equifax data assets to deliver differentiated high-value analytical products and solutions to our customers.work effectively and cooperatively with customers, co-workers, vendors, and management to create new ideas for analytical solutions that solve customer business problems.design and develop innovative new analytical solutions, both internal and external facing.develop advanced business intelligence tools, customer-facing risk and decisioning models, as well as, human capital and talent predictive solutions and models.work with product, sales, and technology teams to drive new product ideas and ensure new solutions are implemented in an efficient mannermanage an effective r&d and innovation pipeline leveraging customer insights, disparate data sources, and advanced analytical techniques.serve as a thought leader both inside our organization and within the markets we operate.who you are (requirements):an influential leader and internal consultant, highly effective collaboration skills, 7+ years of experience in corporate environments, 7+ years of experience in advanced data analytics , big data applications, modeling, and statistics.ability to influence - effectively communicate, synthesize, and make recommendations to business partners, executives, clients and internal stakeholders to secure organizational buy-in and engagement. excellent problem solving skills with the ability to design algorithms, which may include data cleaning, data mining, data clustering and subsequent data visualization and analytics.outstanding written and communication skills. excellent executive presence and ability to create a story for an executive audience.  gifted at translating complex and new ideas into simple frameworks. highly proficient in translating complex analytical concepts into relevant business concepts and insights for a non-analytical audience.strong academic background in mathematics, statistics, or relevant field, with a passion for data science and experience in managing data intensive projects. deep understanding of machine learning, statistical methods, algorithms, and data mining techniques and tools. expertise in big data management, analytics, modeling, and statistics with hands on experience in python, sas, r, hadoop, sql or other relevant packages.education:  masters degree in computer science, data sciences, operations research, industrial engineering, statistics, mathematics, or related discipline; mba highly desirable.  ph.d. preferred.primary location:usa-st. louis-lacklandfunction:function - data and analyticsschedule:full time
						
					
						
city:
								st. louis
						

location_formattedlocationlong:
								st. louis, missouri  us
						

state:
								missouri
						

community / marketing title:
								director, data science and analytics
						

company profile:


requisition number:
								j00045641
						

eeo employer verbiage:
								<p>equifax is an equal employment opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, or disability status.</p>
						





				apply
			


not ready to apply?
save for later


share this job





other jobs at equifax


senior business analyst - data stewardship

st. louis, mo

data visualization / delivery engineer

st. louis, mo

junior data scientist - mortgage & housing

atlanta, ga

data and analytics consultant

london, uk-gl

data scientist, keying and linking

alpharetta, ga



search







® 2017 equifax, inc. all rights reservedequifax and the equifax marks used herein are trademarks of equifax inc. other product and company names mentioned herein are the property of their respective owners.privacy policy® 2017 equifax, inc. all rights reservedequifax and the equifax marks used herein are trademarks of equifax inc. other product and company names mentioned herein are the property of their respective owners.
privacy policy



