



job application for business analyst at national information solutions cooperative (nisc)
























          apply now
        
business analyst

        at national information solutions cooperative (nisc)
      

        lake saint louis, mo
      


primary responsibilities:
we are looking for an experienced business analyst or product management professional to join our growing utility product (meter data management, customer service, end consumer portal, etc.) management team. in this role you will help us build better products and features that are used by 525 utilities across the us to manage more than 400 billion pieces of data.
this position is responsible for gathering, analyzing, documenting, designing and validating the needs of our customers for product development and enhancements.  this role will play the principal part of collecting and disseminating product information and documenting that information in requirement and design documents to be used by the developer, quality assurance specialist, and technical writer in completing their roles in the software development life cycle. responsibilities will also include assisting in the prioritization of new features as well as day-to-day issues for the development team.
this is an exciting time to join our company and help make a difference in developing technology solutions.  if you have a passion for making life easier for technology users especially in the utility industry, we would love to speak with you.
essential functions:

be the champion for customer needs and market trends to help drive new functionality.
lead voice of customer (voc) research, present findings to technical and nontechnical groups.
monitor industry changes, including developments around energy efficiency, alternative energy sources
improve the efficiency of the software development process and prevent rework whenever possible by researching and writing clear functional requirements for developers so they can understand at the start of a project what is expected to meet the needs of our customers and our business.
desire to make great products for nisc and our customers.
play an important role in advancing our products to the next level, and be proud when you see your work in use by our customers.
establish and maintain trust with a variety of stakeholders, including our customers, internal subject matter experts, and our developers.
stretch your creative muscle to brainstorm solutions to problems in a way that respects your stakeholders’ needs and is mindful of potential impacts, now and in the future.
use statistical and complex data mining methods to analyze data and provide guidance
collaborate with teams driven to do what is right.

desired job experience:
knowledge

familiarity with the utility industry strongly desired.
familiarity with ami, smart grid or iot technology
experience in analytics, including predictive or machine learning based output
understanding of business/requirements analyst processes and methods.
understanding of agile software development processes and methods.
familiarity with data structures (relational database, sql, and/or big data tools)
use of jira or similar tools

skills

demonstrate superior interviewing skills; be able to ask “why?” or conduct root cause analysis.
be great at facilitating discussions and analyzing complex topics.
write clearly and thoughtfully so your documentation can stand on its own merit and be understood.
be comfortable voicing your opinion and be able to support it with sound reasoning, but also be open to alternative solutions.
enjoy explaining complex problems in a simple manner.
employ excellent research, critical thinking and problem solving skills with a good attention to detail

desired education and/or certification(s):

high school diploma or equivalency required
bachelor’s degree in a business-related field, engineering, mathematics or equivalent experience preferred, electrical engineering background a plus
cbap, pragmatic marketing certified, or project management professional (not required)








apply for this job

* required
        







first name *



last name *



email *



phone *



resume/cv *


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 














cover letter


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 

















your linkedin profile url
    





what is your preferred first name? *






how did you hear about this job? *



please selectreferral
linkedin
nisc website
college career fair
word of mouth
jobs site
other


why are you interested in this opportunity?
    






if referred, who referred you?
    





if you have a relative working at nisc, what is their name and relationship?
    





are you willing to work out of our nearest location to you? *



please selectyes
no, i want to work remotely


what percentage of the time are you willing to travel? *



please select0%
1-10%
11-20%
21-30%
31-40%
41-50%
50-75%
75%+


target compensation *



please selectless than 25k
26-30k
31-35k
36-40k
41-45k
46-50k
51-55k
56-60k
61-65k
66-70k
71-75k
76-80k
81-85k
86-90k
91-95k
96-100k
101-110k
111-120k
121k+


current compensation *



please selectless than 25k
26-30k
31-35k
36-40k
41-45k
46-50k
51-55k
56-60k
61-65k
66-70k
71-75k
76-80k
81-85k
86-90k
91-95k
96-100k
101-110k
111-120k
121k+


what is your most recently completed form of education? *



please selecthigh school equivalency
high school
associate's degree
bachelor's degree
master's degree
other


if applicable, please select which institution you're currently pursuing or have received your most recent degree from. *



please selectmissouri university of science of technology
university of missouri - columbia
southern illinois university - edwardsville
lindenwood
st. charles community college
university of missouri st. louis
southeast missouri state university
saint louis university
washington university
iowa state university
university of iowa
minot state university
university of north dakota
north dakota state college of science
south dakota school of mines & technology
university of mary
north dakota state university
valley city university
university of jamestown
dickinson state university
other
umsl
high school


if your most recent completed form of education is high school please tell us the name and location of that high school:
    





please click the link below and complete our culture index survey.  select yes when completed. *

culture index survey


--
yes
no


what is your u.s. work authorization status? *



please selectcitizen
green card
other








 



share this job:    













powered by 

 
      read our privacy policy
















