

data scientist

















































































 







skip to main content





follow us | 





 toggle navigation










									about us

								



									leadership team
								



									heritage
								



									culture
								



									global presence
								



									code of conduct
								



									community outreach
								



									career profiles
								





							job postings
						



 submit your résumé
					






			my favorites (0)
	


my account

 


简体




























_selectjob
_fctupdateselectionlabel













data scientist








 













job title

									data scientist
								


reference number
454550000008


business unit
amsted rail company inc.


job location


									united states / illinois / granite city 
								


job category
production/manufacturing







job description

“at amsted rail, next-generation technology isn’t just on the drawing board…” visit https://www.amstedrail.com/innovations-expertise  to see us in motion.
amsted rail has immediate opening for data scientist position in granite city, illinois.  this is a lead role, responsible for end-to-end projects in data science and machine learning throughout amsted rail’s plant and foundry units. primary focus of the data scientist is to lead related improvements and innovation initiatives as necessary. 
the suitable candidate will be part of a cross-functional data team that will be responsible for:

working with domain and subject matter experts
communicating highly technical concepts to technical and non-technical personnel
provide new insight into existing data using predictive analytics and machine learning and recommend new data streams
present a range of reports suggesting improvements, data visualization and processing tools that can be used by floor workers, technicians, and engineers
identify questions independently and recognize new projects and applications that support technical data and information analysis. must have an understanding of data requirements (sources, rates, storage, processing, etc.)
leveraging the solutions implemented at various locations and sharing across other business units

moderate travel is expected to adequately support and work with local experts and technician engineers. the data scientist will have exposure to all business units, plants and foundries to observe the processes, and requirements to proper use of personal protective equipment (ppe).
professional skills: 

deep theoretical and practical understanding of predictive analytics, machine learning, and artificial intelligence algorithms, including, but not limited to: bayesian classifiers and techniques, support vector machines, neural networks, decision trees, regression methods, unsupervised learning and clustering
skilled in math: calculus, linear algebra, numerical methods, optimization
skilled in statistics: statistical/ inference-based models, data visualizations
skilled in programming: python, r, matlab
database management and query languages: hadoop, sql, etc.
basic knowledge of instrumentation, sensors, and data acquisition systems
ability to understand a variety of applications and domains (embedded sensors, plant processes, etc.)

position qualifications:

excellent written and verbal communication skills. ability to work with others who do not possess a background in data science
2 + years of work experience, preferred within the manufacturing or rail industries
b.s. in computer science, statistics, math, engineering, or related disciplines with experience in data science and machine learning.  graduate level degrees in these areas are desired

evaluation area:
prospective candidates will be evaluated on technical/professional knowledge, leadership ability, adaptability, motivational fit, planning and organizing, initiative, contributing to team success, people skills, safety awareness and communications.
through competitive wages, outstanding benefits, and internal advancement opportunities, you will have the chance to create a career of which you can be proud.  if you are open to relocation, there are also vast advancement opportunities within the amsted corporation.
we offer a full range of benefits including medical, dental, vision, 401(k) with employer matching and an employee stock ownership plan.  we are 100% employee owned. 
all interested applicants please apply online at www.amstedrail.com. 
 










print



add to my favorites
												

remove from favorites
												



my favorites(0)
												


send by email





























contact us


		©2017 amsted industries
	












