

research data scientist (geospatial) - senior jobs in st. louis mo | software dev. - general/it job recruiters





































call today
877-636-1331



careers


contact us









call
877-636-1331



careers









toggle navigation

















solutions

mobile, web, custom apps
managed it services
cloud productivity
marketing technology
data & analytics



mobile, web, custom apps
 
                                                    from automating processes to creating a better experience for your users, we have you covered.
find out how >
managed it services
 
                                                    enhance your it capabilities and build comprehensive it strategies with a solid partnership.
find out how >
cloud productivity
 
                                                    bring a new level of connection and productivity to your workforce and customers.
find out how >


marketing technology
 
                                                    you have an audience that needs to hear your story, and we can help you reach them with the right message.
find out how >
data & analytics
 
                                                    manage and protect your valuable business data, and gain valuable insights from the industry's top analytics team.
find out how >


quick links
web design/development
mobile applications
custom applications
cloud migration
user experience
explainer videos
helpdesk & support
it assessments
database performance

 
                                                  
                                            





it staffing

it staffing services
job opportunities
career tools
career faqs
why work with us?



businesses 
                                                with our low, fixed margin, we pay our consultants the best rates, delivering better talent and value to our clients. by providing exceptional service,  
                                                we approach each client relationship as a partnership, and we take great pride in meeting the needs of our clients quickly and accurately. 
                                                 
                                                we also won't waste your time with people that just don't fit. we ensure the highest quality candidates with our intensive screening process, measuring  
                                                technical and interpersonal fit for each and every position.
learn more about how we can help your business find the right talent >


talent 
                                                ready to make a move or simply broaden your skill set? you   ve come to the right place. your better future is ready and we want to put the  
                                                right tools in your hands to get you there. so let   s go. 
 
                                                see what opportunities are available, and register to be alerted when something pops up. 
                                                current opportunities > 
 
                                                should you take your career into your own hands, or utilize technology partners to ensure you find the right fit? 
                                                should you use a staffing firm? > 
 
                                                do we offer benefits? what about pay? what if you're unhappy where i land? 
                                                frequently asked questions >





find your next job with technology partners

check out current openings >
read the infographic >





case studies

case studies




 
                                                    mobile prototyping for world-class coal company 
                                                

mobile applications 
                                                    looking to make their innovative idea a reality, arch coal turns to technology partners. 
                                                
read more >


 
                                                    $26k annual savings with outsourced helpdesk 
                                                

managed it support 
                                                    lack of in-house specialists causing key team members to be pulled away from their regular roles. 
                                                
read more >


 
                                                    worldwide nonprofit uses video to go global 
                                                

digital marketing 
                                                    hacking homelessness could start with a simple but effective video that blends passion with compassion. 
                                                
read more >


more success stories 
                                                see how the nation's most innovative companies are using technology partners to drive real results. we deliver for our clients by never settling for "good enough."  
                                                are you ready to experience what the latest technology can do for your business?
check out more success stories >





insights

insights




latest post
what can you learn about a hosted private cloud? 
                                                cloud computing has become incredibly popular due to the convenience of being able to access data from anywhere. however, not every company wants  
                                                to put their data in the hands of a public cloud provider. if you want to maintain more control over your data and ensure strong security while still  
                                                getting the benefits of cloud computing, a hosted private cloud may be the answer. 
 
                                                private cloud computing involves the use of a proprietary architecture which is dedicated to just your organization. there are four key benefits of a  
                                                hosted private cloud.
read more >

 
                                                  
                                            

technology
 
                                                the latest in technology and how your business could benefit from a better technology-infused strategy driving your company.
read more >


trends
 
                                                learn more about the trends your business should be paying attention to so that you can leave your competition in the dust.
read more >






about us

about technology partners
our history
what drives us



do what's right.
exceed expectations.
learn and share.
innovate and transform.
grow as individuals.
help others.
be transparent.

see how we're different >


about technology partners 
                                                from the outset, we have believed that together is just better. by placing a high value on accountability and communication, we focus on becoming the  
                                                clear partner of choice that our clients trust for all of their technology needs. 
                                                 
                                                as an extension of your organization, we can bring clarity and transparency to your technology initiatives, letting you focus on what's really  
                                                important: your business.
learn more >

 
                                                  
                                            

contact us today 
                                                technology partners, inc. 
                                                707 spirit 40 park drive, suite 120 
                                                chesterfield, missouri 63005
(877) 636-1331
sales@technologypartners.net
more contact information >





























toggle navigation







 new search
 sign up
 login

















technology partners

http://www.technologypartners.net





research data scientist (geospatial) - senior





st. louis, 
                        mo





post date: 12/05/2017
2017-12-05
job id: 136582
job category: software dev. - general/it






job description 




are you looking for a new and challenging opportunity? do you have experience with statistical and mathematical programming? technology partners can help you make your next big career move a reality.technology partners is currently seeking a talented person for a research data scientist (geospatial) - senior position.what you will be doing:you will do development of research strategies for discovery projects in the field platform. you will use the latest mathematical innovations to propose r&d software solutions that accommodate emerging trends in data quantity and quality. you will design and test algorithms and conduct prototyping to evaluate possible scenarios leveraging computational and statistical techniques for the development of novel approaches for high-throughput data analyses. you will have the opportunity to work collaboratively with interdisciplinary scientists internal and external to our company, organize challenging problems, develop new solutions, and work with business & development teams to ensure these solutions deliver value.what we are looking for:phd or phd completion in the next 6 months in mathematics, statistics, electrical/mechanical/environmental engineering, spatial statistics, geoinformatics, environmental modeling, engineering, computer science, or computational biologyexperience with statistical modeling and data miningexperience analyzing and presenting complex data and proven problem solving abilities3+ years experience with statistical and mathematical programming packages (r, matlab, sas)strong publication record in leading scientific journalsstrong organizational, interpersonal, and written communication skillsability to work in a matrix environment, leading & influencing people at varying levels of responsibilityit would be great, but not required, if you had:proficiency in spatial and/or temporal statistical modelingproficiency in machine learning algorithms and concepts (ensembles, deep learning, svm, etc.)experience working with agricultural/biological scientific data is highly desireddrive for translating business problems into research initiatives that deliver business valuecreativity in defining challenging exploratory projectif this position sounds like you, we should talk! we realize our people are our most valuable asset, that is why we offer the following benefits:health, dental, and vision insurance401(k) retirement planlong and short-term disabilitylife insurancedirect depositreferral programyour better future is ready, and we want to put the right tools in your hands to get you there. let's go!looking for more opportunities with technology partners?check out jobs.technologypartners.net.technology partners is an equal opportunity employer. technology partners does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability or any other characteristic protected by applicable state or federal civil rights laws.






meet your recruiter 





tyler dougherty









 apply online





 apply online


not ready to apply?
 apply later


send an email reminder to:
email address










share this job:






related jobs:


    
    
        there are currently no related jobs. please sign up for job alerts.
    
    

 loading...
































technology partners actually made us a better organization with the web solution they delivered, and that kind of expertise is hard to come by.
eric greitens, founder and ceo of the mission continues


find out how our web and mobile solutions can make a difference for you today.
learn more







follow us










we are technology partners
we provide it solutions that are flexible, scalable, cost-effective, efficient, and productive. let us be the clear partner of choice for your it needs.

© copyright  technology partners, inc
privacy
copyright



quick links

about us
our services
case studies
insights
contact us
employee login







































