







applicant searches


















   
  





































job descriptionsign in|new user
















previous in list


next in list





 






job details

















job title 


postdoc research associate in computational radiotherapy - 38276


job id 


38276





location





medical school


full/part time 

full-time





regular/temporary 

regular



















post doc instructions







please do not submit an application to this posting.  to apply for this postdoctoral research opportunity, follow the directions below in “applicant special instructions”.






essential functions







the washington university school of medicine, department of radiation oncology has an opening for a post-doctoral research associate in the computational radiotherapy lab in the division of medical physics. the computational radiotherapy lab develops novel tools and strategies for image-guided radiation therapy, with a focus on image registration and adaptive radiation therapy. the successful candidate should be interested in developing and applying innovative image analysis tools on a number of radiation therapy datasets to better understand and guide radiation therapy planning, delivery, and assessment. projects will include the use of magnetic resonance imaging, computed tomography, and other imaging modalities for guiding radiation therapy in the thorax and abdomen.the successful candidate should possess a strong background in computational image analysis and scientific programming. individuals interested in pursuing an academic research career or a career in medical physics are encouraged to apply. training opportunities in preparation for a medical physics residency are available in the department for qualified and interested candidates.






required qualifications







 		ph.d. in medical physics, physics, engineering, computer science or a related field. 		strong background in image analysis, image registration and/or image segmentation. 		strong background in machine learning, artificial intelligence, and/or computer vision. 		strong scientific programming skills in c/c++ and python or related languages along with familiarity with image analysis tools such as itk and vtk. 		familiarity working with high-performance computing environments including gpu platforms for high-throughput analysis of images. 		ability and interest in working in small, interdisciplinary teams with other technical scientists and clinicians. 






salary range







the hiring range for this position is commensurate with experience.






department summary







the department of radiation oncology at washington university has developed an exceedingly integrated network of academic and community practices with a mission of advancing the field through research, education, and state of the art clinical practices.  the department supports several education programs, including the longest-standing campep accredited medical physics residency and a certificate program for retraining in medical physics (https://bme.wustl.edu/graduate/pages/certificate-medical-physics.aspx).  the medical physics division currently has more than 30 medical physicists for support of our clinical operations, research, educational, and outreach activities.  the division has over 50 other members consisting of medical physics assistants, qa technicians, residents, post-doctoral fellows, graduate students, programmers, and staff.






benefits







this position is eligible for full-time benefits.  please visit our website at http://hr.wustl.edu to view a summary of benefits.






applicant special instructions







 interested candidates should send a cover letter (brief) and curriculum vitae to dr. geoffrey hugo at gdhugo@wustl.edu.






eoe statement







washington university is an equal opportunity employer. all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, genetic information, disability, or protected veteran status.








































return to previous page










 



test




t
 




help


test     



 
careers job search default local node:dbname:portal:node:workcenter id:url:

