







applicant searches


















   
  





































job descriptionsign in|new user
















previous in list


next in list





 






job details

















job title 


postdoctoral research associate - radiology  - 38318


job id 


38318





location





medical school


full/part time 

full-time





regular/temporary 

regular



















post doc instructions







please do not submit an application to this posting.  to apply for this postdoctoral research opportunity, follow the directions below in “applicant special instructions”.






job type/schedule







this position is full-time and works approximately 40 hours per week. 






department name/job location







this position is in the department of radiology.  this position is for the medical school campus.






essential functions







position summary:general position: a postdoctoral research position is available in the neurophotonics lab, a part of the optical radiology laboratories at washington university school of medicine in st. louis working with dr. adam eggebrecht.lab info: our lab is a diverse and interdisciplinary team whose research focuses on developing novel tools that extend mapping of human brain function beyond current limitations. our efforts are focused on two broad areas: software and algorithm development, and applications in typical and atypical childhood development with a focus on autism spectrum disorder. we develop diffuse optical tomography (dot) methods and use them, along with other neuroimaging techniques (task fmri, functional connectivity) and behavioral and clinical assessments to investigate the development of brain function underlying processing of language and social interactions, and how things go awry in developmental disorders.project info: the successful candidate will take a lead role on an nih-funded neuroimaging project to optimize dot imaging methods to study the development of language processing in children. the candidate will have the opportunity to advance state-of-the-art imaging hardware and analysis pipelines to support minimally constrained imaging of brain function in toddlers and school-aged children.job duties: the successful candidate will take the lead role on an nih-funded neuroimaging project to optimize dot imaging methods to study the development of language processing in children. the job responsibilities will include subject recruitment, acquiring functional brain imaging data, data analysis, management of human studies protocols, preparation of manuscripts, designing and building dot imaging caps optimized for children of multiple ages.






required qualifications







the appointee has earned a ph.d., m.d., d.sc. or equivalent terminal or doctoral degree in related field.






preferred qualifications







the successful applicant should have a doctoral degree in physics, computer science, biomedical engineering, electrical engineering, applied mathematics, computational neuroscience, or a related field. she/he is expected to have a strong research background in method development and brain image analysis and should be able to work independently. strong programming skills (for example, c/c++, matlab, and/or python) are a must and prior experience with brain image-analysis packages (such as spm, fsl, freesurfer, afni) is desirable. additional preferred qualifications include experience working with children and experience using advanced analytic techniques (e.g., multivariate machine learning, network analysis). in addition, the candidate must also possess excellent verbal and written communication skills.






salary range







the hiring range for this position is commensurate with experience.






benefits







this position is eligible for full-time benefits.  please visit our website at http://hr.wustl.edu to view a summary of benefits.






applicant special instructions







interested applicants should send their cv, a brief cover letter describing research experience and interests, and contact information for 2-3 references to adam eggebrecht, aeggebre@wustl.edu. 






eoe statement







washington university is an equal opportunity employer. all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, genetic information, disability, or protected veteran status.








































return to previous page










 



test




t
 




help


test     



 
careers job search default local node:dbname:portal:node:workcenter id:url:

