







applicant searches


















   
  





































job descriptionsign in|new user
















previous in list


next in list





 






job details

















job title 


postdoctoral research associate or research scientist - biomedical engineering - 38466


job id 


38466





location





school of engineering


full/part time 

 





regular/temporary 

regular



















job type/schedule







this position is full-time and works approximately 37.5 hours per week. 






department name/job location







this position is in the department of biomedical engineering.  the position is located at whitaker hall.  this position is for the danforth campus in the school of engineering and applied science.






essential functions







an individual is sought to participate in the development and application of advanced machine learning methods for medical imaging applications.  of particular interest is the development of deep learning methods for interpretation of large volumetric medical images. the ideal candidate will have experience in machine learning, computed imaging, and scientific programming.






required qualifications







ph.d. in biomedical engineering, computer science, or related field.






salary range







the hiring range for this position is commensurate with experience.






benefits







this position is eligible for full-time benefits.  please visit our website at http://hr.wustl.edu to view a summary of benefits.






applicant special instructions







applicants should provide with their application a letter of interest outlining how their work experience applies to the position. the cover letter should be included as the first page of the cv upload.






eoe statement







washington university is an equal opportunity employer. all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, genetic information, disability, or protected veteran status.








































return to previous page










 



test




t
 




help


test     



 
careers job search default local node:dbname:portal:node:workcenter id:url:

