
software engineer job - benson hill biosystems - st. louis, mo | indeed.com






















skip to job description, searchclose









find jobscompany reviewsfind salariesfind resumesemployers / post job







upload your resume


sign in







:







what
where





advanced job search


 

 



 



job title, keywords or company


city, state, or zip












software engineer

benson hill biosystems
     -
st. louis, mo


benson hill biosystems is looking for a seasoned software engineer to join our team engineering benson hill’s cropos platform for cloud biology. because we work on the cutting edge of a lot of technologies, we need someone who is a creative problem solver, resourceful in getting things done, and productive working independently or collaboratively. this person will work closely with benson hill scientists who are leveraging data and machine learning platforms to develop and deliver predictive genomics and breeding solutions to ag product design problems.key responsibilities: work with users to understand end-user requirements, formulate use cases, and then translate them into pragmatic and effective technical designsenable creative scalable engineering solutions for data gathering and integration for structured and unstructured data setsengineer cloud deployed software solutions to enable data and analytics pipelines and end user workflows in benson hill’s cloud biology platformrelentlessly improve and maintain code quality through writing unit tests, automation and code reviewscontribute ideas to help improve our technology, coding standards and productseducation and experience: bachelor’s or master’s degree in software engineering a related field, or 3+ years’ work experience building and deploying software solutionsqualifications: you have a burning desire to learn and master new thingsa track record of projects completed on time – you are a flawless executoryou take pride in your work and want to solve head-scratching challengessolid oop and software design knowledge – you know how to write software that’s extensible, reusable and meets desired architectural objectives2+ years’ experience in pythonexperienced with other multiple modern coding languages and frameworks such as c#, .net core, sql, angular 4 and javascriptexperienced in processing large amounts of structured and unstructured dataexperienced in or knowledge of data mining, machine learning, natural language processing, or information retrieval.experienced with multiple database platforms including graph, sql and nosql technologieswe use aws extensively, so experience with aws and other web services will help you hit the ground runningbenson hill biosystems is an equal opportunity employer. all candidates must be legally authorized to be employed in the u.s. benson hill biosystems is not able to sponsor applicants for work visas.job type: full-time

30+ days ago   -  save job









» apply now

            please review all application instructions before applying to benson hill biosystems.






other jobs you may like


engineer 2, software

enterprise holdings -
					st. louis, mo
enterprise rent-a-car - 
					4 days ago


software engineer

tyler technologies, inc. -
					st. louis, mo
13 days ago


software engineer

label insight -
					st. louis, mo
18 days ago

 easily apply



software engineer (junior)

octo consulting group -
					st. louis, mo
21 days ago


sr. engineer, software engineering (specialit...

technology partners -
					st. louis, mo
1 day ago





 









                        benson hill biosystems


                benson hill biosystems is an agricultural solutions company that unlocks the global genetic potential of plants to enhance the...



let employers find youthousands of employers search for candidates on indeedupload your resume










about - help center


©2017 indeed - cookies, privacy and terms



let employers find you  upload your resume









indeed salary estimatewe know salary is a key component of your decision whether or not to apply for a job. so when the hiring company hasn’t provided a salary for a job, we look at salary data from related companies and locations to come up with a reasonable estimate for what you can expect.with over 450,000,000 salaries collected from other jobs and employees, we use one of the biggest salary databases in the world to inform these estimates. and because we are continually adding feedback from users like you, we are able to keep refining our accuracy.these salary estimates are not endorsed by the hiring companies and may vary from what’s actually offered, but we have a pretty great record of getting close enough for you to make an informed decision.is this your job listing? send us feedback to correct an inaccurate salary estimate.

