
data scientist – computational biology & crop genetics job - benson hill biosystems - st. louis, mo | indeed.com






















skip to job description, searchclose










find jobscompany reviewsfind salariesfind resumesemployers / post job







upload your resume


sign in







:







what
where





advanced job search


 

 



 



job title, keywords or company


city, state, or zip












data scientist – computational biology & crop genetics

benson hill biosystems
     -
st. louis, mo


the successful candidate will establish and optimize methods for discovery and validation of genetic regions that contribute to phenotypic traits of interest. these regions will be targeted for crop improvement via breeding, genome editing or recombinant dna technologies. the candidate will be responsible for leveraging diverse large data sets and the latest ai and machine learning technology to enable this discovery. this person will work closely with benson hill biological scientists, software engineers, data scientists and project leaders to help maximize the impact benson hill’s cropos platform. benson hill is building the future of agricultural genomics, and looking for scientists who can contribute to our vision.key responsibilities: design, planning and execution of data science projects to drive the evaluation and integration of diverse crop, biological and genomics data setslead experimental design and analysis for testing biological hypothesesexecute predictive modeling efforts, applying the best ai and machine learning methods to predict biological targetseffectively communicate results in written and visual formats to other scientists as well as non-scientist, clients and company leaderseducation and experience: phd in computational biology, population genetics or quantitative genetics, applied mathematics, crop science, statistics, or closely related field with experience in biological systems.at least 5 years hands-on experience developing and analyzing complex biological data sets with actionable outputs.required qualifications: ability to work in collaborative team, and the ability to respond positively to feedback.agility and ability to deliver in a highly dynamic work environment with diverse priorities.a track record of producing deliverables and meeting tight release deadlines.excellent communication skills, both digital and in-person.experience using large genetic, or –omic data sets to solve problems in biology or molecular geneticsexperience using advanced statistical, machine learning, and ai concepts, methodologies and librariesprogramming experience with ability to code in at least one scripting language, python preferred.excellent planner, organizer, critical thinker, and problem solver.strong record of personal development and learning new technologies.background and experience using aws or experience with other cloud architectures, and parallelized computation systemsbenson hill biosystems is an equal opportunity employer. all candidates must be legally authorized to be employed in the u.s. benson hill biosystems is not able to sponsor applicants for work visas.job type: full-time

21 days ago   -  save job









» apply now

            please review all application instructions before applying to benson hill biosystems.






other jobs you may like


data scientist - media

spectrum -
					st. louis, mo
5 days ago


data scientist 3

boeing -
					st. louis, mo
boeing - 
					1 day ago


data scientist

monsanto -
					st. louis, mo
monsanto - 
					8 hours ago


research data scientist (geospatial) - senior

kellymitchell -
					st. louis, mo
5 days ago

 easily apply



research data scientist (geospatial) - senior

technology partners -
					st. louis, mo
6 days ago





 









                        benson hill biosystems


                benson hill biosystems is an agricultural solutions company that unlocks the global genetic potential of plants to enhance the...



let employers find youthousands of employers search for candidates on indeedupload your resume










about - help center


©2017 indeed - cookies, privacy and terms



let employers find you  upload your resume











