



job application for senior data scientist at ibotta
























          apply now
        
senior data scientist

        at ibotta
      
(view all jobs)

        denver
      


are you tired of the same routine? want to play an integral role in building something bigger? ibotta is seeking a senior data scientist who will help build out innovative new analytical capabilities. as a sr. data scientist you will be responsible for serving as a technical analytics lead to help deliver against our business objectives.
here is what you’ll be doing:

design, develop and manage large scale, big data-driven machine learning models that are integrated with key product features. some examples of potential projects include:

recommendation system that leverages robust, granular customer data sets and various modeling approaches to ensure the most relevant content is shown to each user
real-time user-specific pricing optimization 
look-alike modeling algorithms that determine a user’s propensity to take an action in the future 
multivariate testing framework that empirically evaluates the efficacy of product enhancements as quickly as possible

collaborate with engineering and advanced analytics leads to establish analytic standards and platforms that scale and can be leveraged in various initiatives throughout the organization
ensure that testing and validation is a pervasive component of data science solutions
deliver world class data-driven products in partnership with cross functional teams (product managers, data engineers, software engineers, etc.)
communicate complex data science solutions, concepts and the results of analyses in a clear and effective manner to business stakeholders and technology leaders to maximize the effectiveness of data science initiatives
mentor a growing team of junior team members who are hungry to learn from experienced data scientists

here is what we’re looking for:

5+ years of professional experience as a data scientist, or equivalent analytics role, focusing on machine learning and/or statistical modeling. 
advanced knowledge of a data science toolkit like: python (strongly preferred), spark ml or r.
experience working with distributed big-data tools like: spark, hive or presto.
comfort working with data both in structured and unstructured forms.
experience writing production-ready code and implementing data science solutions in production environments.
the ability to think critically, leverage domain expertise and translate high-level business objectives into tangible data science solutions.

strongly preferred:

experience with one or more of the following is a big plus: recommendation systems, statistically-sound marketing attribution, profiling and optimizing predictive models or real-time pricing optimization.
deep hands-on experience prototyping, building, releasing, and monitoring mission-critical machine learning models in high traffic applications.
experience with product release processes like automated testing and code reviews.
comfort working within a cloud-based infrastructure, ideally aws.

about us:
headquartered in denver, co, ibotta (“i bought a...“) is transforming the shopping experience by making it easy for consumers to earn cash back on everyday purchases through a single smartphone app. the company partners with leading brands and retailers to offer rebates on groceries, electronics, clothing, gifts, home and office supplies, restaurant dining, and more. ibotta is the premier destination for rewarded shopping on mobile and has paid out more than $250 million in cash back to its users. launched in 2012, ibotta has 23 million downloads and is one of the five most frequently used shopping apps in the united states.
additional details:

this position is located in denver, co and includes competitive pay, benefits package (including medical, dental, vision), 401k, commuter stipend, and equity.
ibotta provides equal employment opportunities (eeo) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, and genetics.
applicants must be currently authorized to work in the united states on a full-time basis.








apply for this job

* required
        











(optional)

almost there! review your information then click 'submit application' to apply.



first name *



last name *



email *



phone



resume/cv


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 














cover letter


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 

















linkedin profile
    





how did you hear about this position? if referred by a current ibotta employee, please include their name. *






what are your compensation requirements? *






which of the following types of projects do you have experience with?  *







  recommendation systems



  real-time bidding optimization



  lookalike modeling



  data projection



  none of the above




are you authorized to work lawfully in the united states for ibotta? *






will you now or in the future require ibotta to commence ("sponsor") an immigration case in order to employ you (for example, h-1b or other employment-based immigration case)? this is sometimes called "sponsorship" for an employment-based visa status. *












 



share this job:    













powered by 

 
      read our privacy policy
















