









job opportunities | career pages















        for full functionality of this page it is necessary to enable javascript. 
        here are the 
        instructions how to enable javascript in your web browser



innovation and analytics manager | career pages page has loaded. 

innovation and analytics manager | career pages page has loaded. 








  click here or press any key to continue.






                        we updated our privacy policy and terms of use, effective december 12, 2017. view privacy policy and terms of use

×















menu







                close menu
            










                        career pages
                    




 




job opportunities
                                        



promotional jobs
                                        



transfer jobs
                                        



class specifications
                                        



job interest cards
                                        



help & support
                            



legal & privacy
                            









job opportunities




sign in












                don't have an account?
                create one.
            

                already have an account?
                sign in.
            








username
















                applications
                





                inbox
                





                profile
            




                account
            




                sign out
                after clicking on this link you will be logged out and the page will be reloaded.










welcome!
thanks for creating an account.













career pages




powered by
neogov
®












                innovation and analytics manager
            



print









                    apply
                







innovation and analytics manager





                            salary
                            




$66,955.00 - $102,003.00 annually





                        location
                        




3065 center green dr., co






job type


full-time




department


information technology






job number


2017-00566









closing



                12/24/2017 11:59 pm mountain
            






description


benefits


questions






overall job objective
the city of boulder's information technology department has a fulltime, two-year fixed-term vacancy for an innovation and analytics manager. the ideal candidate will lead and manage the implementation of the citywide innovation strategy working with departments and a variety of community stakeholders. the candidate will support the office of innovation and departments on execution of innovation projects including process improvement, open data, analytics, metrics, disruptive technologies, training and culture change. under general direction, to lead and manage the implementation of the citywide innovation strategy working with departments and a variety of community stakeholders. support the office of innovation and departments on execution of innovation projects including process improvement, open data, analytics, metrics, disruptive technologies, training and culture change. research and share leading practices for municipal management and transformation. perform analytics and data science projects aimed at solving difficult challenges. develop mechanisms for managing the program portfolio including approaches to capture and report on results and continuously improve and advance the program.
duties & responsibilities
project management and execution: 50% managing project execution across the innovation architecture strategy areas ensuring work progresses against planned scope and milestones, working to resolve delays or roadblocks developing templates and reports for use in documenting progress made, outputs generated, and outcomes achieved providing coaching, support and execution on projects with departmental level counterparts and city-wide teamspartnerships: 25% support execution of relationships between the city and external organizations including non-profits, cu, other governmental organizations, the entrepreneurial community, vendors and other businesses work with our community to use their knowledge to build better government scope, explore and execute new partnerships, pilots and demonstration agreements in partnership with city departments, documenting lessons learned and opportunities to expand knowledge to other city staffanalytics: 15% support execution of open data strategy, helping to think through how to use the data resources at the city's disposal (open data catalog) recommend, participate, and facilitate, establishing departmental policy changes and systems improvements. ensures appropriate and meaningful data collection and analysis. drive development of data analytics program including data strategy, implementation approach and on-going management develop the data management, policy/process, and analytical infrastructure to enable such capabilities (apis, web sites, databases/warehouses) cultivate data profiles and use cases, key policy or administrative challenges/questions those data could help inform, and what methodologies and tools could help enable such analysis (visualization, analytics, machine learning, etc.) prepare reports or summaries of data from complex records and multiple sources including gis dataresearch/experimentation: 10% explore and conduct analysis about new trends, innovations, and practices for city government maintain awareness of new waves of thought and conceptualizing how they could be implemented to effect in boulder provides data analysis, research, and measurement related to trends and performance of the department and division related to benchmark metrics; departmental performance; allocation of resources; forecasting the demand and policy impacts of programs; and/or evaluation of program effectiveness and policy decisions develop strategies for incorporating new tools into city government finding partners in departments create tools and processes to capture information on research and experimentation taking place across the city and share knowledge obtained as a result research, analyze and evaluate proposals, projects, and departmental activities, systems and programs in terms of staffing requirements, needs, priorities, costs, funding sources, and makes policy recommendations manage special projects and conduct related research as requested share relevant research with departments and other city stakeholders understand the work being done by local businesses and organizations and identify opportunities to partner       other duties as assigned performs related duties as required to meet the needs of the city. takes proper safety precautions, anticipates unsafe circumstances, and acts accordingly to prevent accidents. responsible for the safety of self, others, materials, and equipment. uses all required safety equipment and follows all safety regulations, policies and procedures.  reports all accidents and damage to city property. responsible for knowing and complying with all city and department policies; participating in professional trainings and development; and adhering to attendance and workplace attire policies. the city of boulder is committed to hiring employees who provide excellent customer service. our employees communicate courteously and responsively with the public, volunteers, and co-workers, are sensitive to diversity issues, provide effective and efficient service to the public and co-workers and act with a high level of integrity, and take responsibility for their words and actions.
qualifications
requirements: equivalent to a bachelor's degree in public or business administration, social sciences, information technology, data analytics, statistics, political sciences or related field; master's degree or additional analytics/data science training desirable four years of progressively responsible experience in operations research and analysis, preferably in a service field or government setting, or an equivalent combination of education and/or experience. three years of related and relevant experience in project management and execution and stakeholder engagement. experience using tools across an analytics stack including databases, integration and visualization tools. demonstrated planning, administrative, and organizational skills. demonstrated high-level skills in using computer software related to statistical/business intelligence and gis analysis. experience with ms office including excel, word, and powerpoint, gis have and maintain acceptable background information, including criminal conviction history and driving record.  valid driver's license.  employment is conditional on satisfactory results of a background investigation including criminal conviction history. candidate will have experience engaging stakeholders desired qualifications: master's degree or additional analytics/data science training desirable project management certification or training experience with public sector environments and decision making experience working on enterprise wide strategies and with change management strong written and verbal communication skills; experience presenting to groups of people
supplemental information
working conditions: physical and mental effort: sufficient clarity of speech and hearing or other communication capabilities that permits the employee to communicate effectively on the telephone and in person. sufficient vision or other powers of observation that permits the employee to review, evaluate and prepare a variety of written documents and materials. sufficient manual dexterity that permits the employee to operate computer equipment and other office equipment. sufficient personal mobility and physical reflexes, which permits the employee to work in an office setting. work may include extended periods of time viewing a computer video monitor and/ or operating a keyboard. ability to work under stress from demanding deadlines, public contact, and changing priorities and conditions. work environment: works primarily in a clean, comfortable environment. works in a setting subject to continuous interruptions and background noises. machines and equipment used include, but are not limited to the following: frequently uses standard office equipment including personal computers, telephones and other software and hardware technologies. accommodationsreasonable accommodations may be made to enable qualified individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions of this position.




a summary of the benefits available to city employees may be found here.







01


in order to provide us with an opportunity to evaluate your background, responses to the supplemental questions are required in addition to your application. the information you provide will be used to determine your eligibility to continue in the selection process for this position. all work experience that is described or included in your response(s) must be included in the "work experience" section of your application. (do not refer to a resume or other documentation.)

i acknowledge receipt of this information





02


do you have a bachelor's degree in public or business administration, social sciences, information technology, data analytics, statistics, political sciences or related field?

yes
no





03


how many years of progressively responsible experience in operations research and analysis do you possess?

no experience
less than 3 years
more than 4 but less than 6 years
more than 6 but less than 8 years
8 years or greater





04


do you have three years of related and relevant experience in project management, project execution and stakeholder engagement?

yes
no





05


please describe your relevant experience in project management, project execution and stakeholder engagement, including your role in the project.






06


do you have experience using tools across an analytics stack including databases, integration and visualization tools?

yes
no





07


please describe the tools you have used across an analytics stack including databases, integration and visualization tools.






08


do you have experience with ms office including excel, word, and powerpoint and gis?

yes
no





09


please rate your proficiency with microsoft office and gis programs:

no experience
beginner
intermediate
advanced
expert





10


do you have operations research and analysis experience in a service field or government setting?

yes
no





11


please list the service field or government setting you have experience in, include the length of time and your role.





 required question
                        







agency
city of boulder




address


                        3065 center green drive


                        boulder, colorado, 80301.
                    





phone

303-441-3070                        





website


                        http://www.bouldercolorado.gov
                    




 


                    apply
                



            your browser does not support the iframe feature, which is required by this web page.
        










                    job opportunities
                



                    account
                




copyright © 2017












career pages


job opportunities










                support
            






sign in form is opened
job application


job details



applying as:

|

                    support
                




                close
            












                close
            







































