




	join our talent network


































 



 






 



 




 
        working at transamerica is more than a job.
        we’re a lifeline to families in times of need.
        we help people retire with grace and dignity.
        we help people sleep easier, knowing that they’re ready for whatever comes.
        in short, it’s work that matters.
         
....  read more -->> job description summary  provides technical guidance and direction to the analysis of the business process to identify business requirements for system solutions or improved processes that will increjob description summaryprovides technical guidance and direction to the analysis of the business process to identify business requirements for system solutions or improved processes that will increase efficiency and overall productivity. specifically,  this role will partner with the data scientists in the advanced analytics team to understand business problems, objectives, and context in distribution and marketing; formulate experiments; ideate opportunities for leveraging data to learn, optimize, and grow; wrangle data for analysis; specify requirements for operationalizing predictive models; and manage relationships with business partners.job descriptionresponsibilitiesconduct business analysis for data science and analytics projects. facilitate discovery sessions. document findings.coordinate project tasks.participate in data discovery to understand the availability of data, its use in business processes, its reliability, and its velocity.wrangle data: pull, extract, download, and scrape necessary data. format and clean the data as needed for analysis. impute values as appropriate. join disparate sets of data. perform basic exploratory data analysis.manage quality assurance activities for data science and analytics deliverables.develop data visualizations. test them for accuracy and usability.work with managers of other applications and systems to define, document, and execute analytics integration requirements.review existing processes/systems to make recommendations on process improvements and achieve consensus and support from the diverse groups within it and the business to implement the defined processes.develop metrics and kpis that will drive process improvement and delivery against objectives.provide assistance with vendor analysis and selection as needed.seek and develop strong partnerships with organizational management, divisional clients, it staff, ba staff, and outside vendors and consultants. assist with management and coordination of offshore staff.qualificationsbachelor’s degree in computer science, mathematics, statistics, or related stem field.minimum 5 years' experience in a relevant, related position utilizing applicable data tools.knowledge of business analysis, information management, project management, and process design.must be proficient in sql.experience developing data visualizations and reports in tableau.experience with data wrangling using r or python.must have a basic understanding of mathematics and statistics.preferred qualificationsexperience managing projects.experience working with data in the apache tech stack (e.g., hadoop, hive, impala, pig…) or a strong desire to learn the tools.some familiarity with a digital marketing tech stack (e.g., salesforce crm, marketing cloud, dmp, google analytics, cms…).behavioral & leadership competencieseffective verbal and written communication skills.strong leadership and decision making skills.should exhibit a desire to learn about data science, machine learning, and big data tools.our culture  at transamerica we promote a future fit mindset. what is a future fit mindset?acting as one fosters an environment of positive collaborationaccountability allows us to own the problem as well as the solution agility inspires new ideas, innovation and challenges the status quocustomer centricity encourages an above average and beyond approach to our customersworking conditionsnormal office environment.*this position is eligible for a $250 employee referral bonus.*....  read more -->> 




join our talent network
complete this form so you can be kept current on company news, updates, and job opportunities. join us today!
 
*first name*last name*primary email*mobile phoneresume*area of interest
actuary
administration
audit
communications
customer service
executive
facilities
finance
human resources
internship
it
legal and compliance
project management
risk
rvp
sales
underwriting

 

 
 



 



 


 



 









