

























water optimization engineer - denver, co | ch2m





 







      skip to main content
    header linksinvestorslocationsconnect with usch2msearchmain navigationwho we arewhat we doour peoplecareerswhy work herecandidate supportcheck application statuscareer newsnewsroomheader linksinvestorslocationsconnect with usmain navigationwhy work herecandidate supportcheck application statuscareer news


water optimization engineer - denver, co

apply for this job
share this job

get job alerts






englewoodcoloradounited statesnorth america



support out water clients across the u.s. and have a hand in transforming tomorrow. as aâ water optimization in denver, co, you will have the chance to apply leading edge technologies to optimize water and wastewater systems for municipalities, mining applications, the oil and gas industry, and rehabilitation of existing infrastructure systems.â  working with other engineers and scientists on the team, you will demonstrate the ability to work nimbly to prototype and prove technically challenging workflows, and then to steward solutions through the delivery process. during your time with us, you will also have the opportunity toâ focus on the integration of simulation models with technologies such asâ optimization algorithms, data science for statistical analysis, machine learning, and advanced visualization techniques, to develop demonstrably better solutions to hardâ problems. if you're up for the challenge, we've been looking for someone just like you. join our team and help us lay the foundation for human progress. the minimum qualifications for this position are:bachelor's degree in civil, environmental or related engineering discipline
minimum of fiveâ years experience in the water industry
hydrologic and hydraulic modeling experience (e.g. epa-swmm, infoworks cs, mike urban) or dynamic simulation experience using extendsim or goldsim.
licensed professional engineer
computer programming proficiency in at least one of the following languages: c#, python, c++, fortran. the ideal candidate will possess the following skills and experience:master's degree in civil, environmental or related engineering discipline.
database design and data management expertise. 
experience with arcgis mapping software preferred. ability to integrate geospatial data into multi-step modeling workflows. 
knowledge of linear and non-linear optimization algorithms, and meta-heuristics is highly valued. ability to formulate optimization problems across a range of domain applications. 
data analysis proficiency a plus. please note that we will not sponsor an employment visa, such as an h1b or related visa, to fill this position. ch2m is an equal opportunity employer - m/f/veteran/disability. learn more about your  rights under federal  eeo laws and supplemental language. 
job locationch2m, englewoodenglewood, 	co us 
	view on google mapsany  questions?
            view our application tips and tricks 
            
apply now





 full-time
 professional
 5 % of the time
 engineering - water
 consulting
 1700056e
 24 days ago



applying to ch2mhave questions about applying to ch2m? need advice on how to find the right job for you? see our candidate support page.before filling out your ch2m job application, please review these tips. they're designed to help you submit your best application possible. already applied?check application status
not for you? check out these similar opportunities:

corrosion control technologist - denver, cowater engineer/hydraulic modeler - salt lake city, utwater engineer - tulsa, okjunior water engineer - las vegas, nvwastewater modeling engineer - water - dallas, txsee more




what's next

apply  for job now!
apply now!

share job

connect with us
connect

not a match for you?
search again
create job alert
similar jobs







search for a jobe.g. principal engineer in californiaimportant notice about employee rights to organize and bargain collectively with their employers â»equal opportunity & disability accessibility statement â»
pay transparency policy statement â»
third party recruiters & agencies
applicants in the city of los angeles, please click here or your location name above, for additional information regarding your local fair chance policy.
stay in touchand keep up with the latest at ch2m
join our talent network

share this pagefooter firsthomewho we arewhat we dofooter secondour peoplecareersfooter thirdinvestorsconnect with uslocationsprivacy policyterms of usesearch the sitesearchâ©2015 ch2m hill | all rights reserved. ch2m hill and the ch2m hill design marks are registered trademarks of ch2m hill, inc.9191 south jamaica street, englewood, colorado, 80112, usa | +1-720-286-2000 | contact us








