


business intelligence analyst | aegon

























 






















                        vacancies
                    



                        working at aegon
                    



                        roles
                    



                        career development
                    



                        inside aegon
                    

































you are viewing the global section in english








global | english

other location/language




















                        business intelligence analyst









home
vacancies
business intelligence analyst







                    apply
                











            vacancies
        














full time









information technology










denver










transamerica



                        provides technical guidance and direction to the analysis of the business process to identify business requirements for system solutions or improved processes that will increase efficiency and overall productivity. specifically,  this role will partner with the data scientists in the advanced analytics team to understand business problems, objectives, and context in distribution and marketing; formulate experiments; ideate opportunities for leveraging data to learn, optimize, and grow; wrangle data for analysis; specify requirements for operationalizing predictive models; and manage relationships with business partners.
                    

responsibilitiesconduct business analysis for data science and analytics projects. facilitate discovery sessions. document findings.coordinate project tasks.participate in data discovery to understand the availability of data, its use in business processes, its reliability, and its velocity.wrangle data: pull, extract, download, and scrape necessary data. format and clean the data as needed for analysis. impute values as appropriate. join disparate sets of data. perform basic exploratory data analysis.manage quality assurance activities for data science and analytics deliverables.develop data visualizations. test them for accuracy and usability.work with managers of other applications and systems to define, document, and execute analytics integration requirements.review existing processes/systems to make recommendations on process improvements and achieve consensus and support from the diverse groups within it and the business to implement the defined processes.develop metrics and kpis that will drive process improvement and delivery against objectives.provide assistance with vendor analysis and selection as needed.seek and develop strong partnerships with organizational management, divisional clients, it staff, ba staff, and outside vendors and consultants. assist with management and coordination of offshore staff.qualificationsbachelor’s degree in computer science, mathematics, statistics, or related stem field.minimum 5 years' experience in a relevant, related position utilizing applicable data tools.knowledge of business analysis, information management, project management, and process design.must be proficient in sql.experience developing data visualizations and reports in tableau.experience with data wrangling using r or python.must have a basic understanding of mathematics and statistics.preferred qualificationsexperience managing projects.experience working with data in the apache tech stack (e.g., hadoop, hive, impala, pig…) or a strong desire to learn the tools.some familiarity with a digital marketing tech stack (e.g., salesforce crm, marketing cloud, dmp, google analytics, cms…).behavioral & leadership competencieseffective verbal and written communication skills.strong leadership and decision making skills.should exhibit a desire to learn about data science, machine learning, and big data tools.our culture  at transamerica we promote a future fit mindset. what is a future fit mindset?acting as one fosters an environment of positive collaborationaccountability allows us to own the problem as well as the solution agility inspires new ideas, innovation and challenges the status quocustomer centricity encourages an above average and beyond approach to our customersworking conditionsnormal office environment.*this position is eligible for a $250 employee referral bonus.* company information
why work for ustotal rewards at transamerica: it’s more than a paycheck. our comprehensive total rewards package is designed to help support you in many ways — throughout all stages of your life and career.  we provide a competitive, market-driven program that encompasses base compensation, bonus potential, retirement, health and wellness benefits, learning and development opportunities, plus great employee perks.  all designed with you in mind… to help you live your best life, grow personally and professionally - and feel valued for the work you do.
learn more about our total rewards package.
equal opportunity employer:transamerica life insurance company is an equal employment opportunity employer and does not discriminate against any applicant or employee because of age, religion, sex, gender identity, genetic information, race, color, national origin, pregnancy, sexual orientation, marital status, participation in the uniformed services (e.g. u.s. armed forces, national guard), physical or mental disability, or any other status protected by federal, state, or local equal employment opportunities laws. 
 
aegon usa realty advisors, llc, is an equal employment opportunity/ affirmative action employer and does not discriminate against any applicant or employee because of age, religion, sex, gender identity, genetic information, race, color, national origin, pregnancy, sexual orientation, marital status, participation in the uniformed services (e.g. u.s. armed forces, national guard), physical or mental disability, or any other status protected by federal, state, or local equal employment opportunities laws.
 
applicants with physical or mental disabilities may be entitled to a form of reasonable accommodation under the americans with disabilities act and certain state and local laws. a reasonable accommodation is a change in the way things are normally done which will insure equal employment opportunity without imposing undue hardship on the transamerica companies. if you are a job seeker with a disability, or are assisting someone with a disability, and require assistance to apply for one of our jobs, please contact: applicantsupport@transamerica.com.
 
technical assistance:
if you experience technical problems during the application process, please email applicantsupport@transamerica.com. 




                            apply
                        








































related vacancies



. net developer
denver











full stack software engineer
denver











        see all vacancies
    
 






 










transamerica
transamerica careers


visit the dedicated careers website for more information about working for transamerica.

learn more






 










roles
roles at aegon


find out more about different roles available at aegon and transamerica globally.

learn more


























disclaimer
cookies
privacy



© aegon 2017







this website uses cookies to make your browsing experience more efficient and enjoyable. read more


dismiss





notice
you are about to leave the audited section of aegon's 2016 review

cancel
ok








select your preferred country and language
select a country and language combination to change the content on the careers section at aegon.com










        global | english
            



















        nederland | nederlands
    
 
local websites
local websites










        australia
    









        brazil
    









        czech republic
    









        hong kong
    









        hungary
    









        india
    









        japan
    









        poland
    









        romania
    









        slovakia
    









        spain
    









        turkey
    









        united kingdom
    









        united states
    
 













