


careers center - security data science director















































please enable cookies to continue
please enable cookies in your browser to experience all the personalized features of this site, including the ability to apply for a job.







welcome page







returning candidate?

log back in!












security data science director


location

us-co-denver (dtc)

posted date

2 months ago



job id

14844


# positions

1


category

technology









position highlights






be bold be brilliant are you an initiator of new ideas?  have you always wanted to work with a team with a start-up mentality while having the stability of a larger organization that's well established with tenured history?   if you're an innovator with experience in the latest cloud-based technologies, we're interested in you! be a disruptor and instigator of change! great-west financial is the nation’s second largest insurer in sales of individual life insurance through banks. we also offer annuity and executive benefits products. under empower retirement, we provide employer sponsored retirement plans as the nation’s second largest retirement plan provider. our over 5,000 associates across 40 locations across the country provide world class service to: 30,000+ employer sponsored retirement plans8 million+ employees participating in their employer-sponsored retirement plan467,700+ individual life insurance and annuity accounts$460 billion+ total assets under administration great-west financial is looking for a high-energy director of data science to help build out a centralized security advanced data analytics capability as an enterprise service for the us businesses. this role will focus on expanding our security analytics capability. the role requires a rare combination of deep and sophisticated analytical expertise; business acumen; strategic and technical mindset; client, relationship, and project management together with a passion for building new capabilities and teams. this is an exciting opportunity to drive customer-centric thinking in a new and growing organization.   responsibilities for this position include building the framework, sourcing, leading, and presenting forward-thinking, high-impact data analytics projects focused on key strategic initiatives and tactical, time-sensitive issues. you will lead in an exciting and engaging environment, where you will be encouraged to expand your skills, test your creative boundaries, share new ideas, and most importantly – help to protect the enterprise. 








primary responsibilities






lead projects initially focused on building out advanced security analytics.work closely with key business partners to plan and execute high-value and actionable security data analytics projects and initiatives.identify, integrate and mine large data sets, connecting data related to security from disparate sources to identify insights and patterns using traditional as well as predictive and prescriptive analytics.source, scrub, and join relevant public, commercial, and proprietary data sources.conduct statistical analysis using large structured and unstructured data sets (e.g., logs, speech analytics, digital footprints, customer behavior, financial information, proprietary market research, and secondary sources) with the goal of discovering meaningful implications for business decisions.manage and mentor junior staff members; create learning, development and engagement plans to help source and retain key talent.develop and design presentations, reports, and other deliverables to communicate security findings and make recommendations to senior leadership, the client protection oversight committee, legal entities and investigating groups, with a focus on “what it means” and “actions” to consider related to areas such as process changes and how to better protect participant data.summarize findings in written and verbal reports to key stakeholders and senior leadership, communicating with technical and non-technical team members.direct project plans, timelines, and vendor relationships to ensure projects are delivered with the highest quality, on time, and within budget.demonstrate knowledge of business success drivers, industry trends, regulatory issues, and competitive marketplace.








qualifications






advanced degree in mathematics, statistics, engineering, computer science, or other quantitative/statistical discipline.minimum of 5-10 years of relevant work experience in data analytics, security, or related consulting. this experience combined with experience with it systems is ideal.consultative nature, with proven track record of using data to provide actionable business results.experience analyzing large data sets using software such as r, python, sas, tableau, applying a variety of statistical techniques such as regression, machine learning, cluster analysis and segmentation.experience in database environments such as oracle, sql, nosql, hadoop.experience managing data scientists.excel and powerpoint required.polished written and oral communication skills, with ability to present and clearly explain data to non-technical executive audiences.strong project management skills / experience managing projects, budgets, and schedules to successful completion.prior work experience requiring advanced statistical and systems thinking.prior exposure to financial services or insurance industry.excellent collaboration skills and commitment to building trusted relationships with clients.ability to balance responsiveness to diverse requests from many stakeholders.prior experience with building custom statistical models, and analyzing unstructured data highly desirable.experience with excel vba/macros, and/or microsoft power bi a plus.#di








about great-west financial






at great-west financial® and empower retirement, our more than 5,700 global associates are dedicated to helping customers secure their financial futures. we offer a range of retirement savings products, life insurance, annuities and investment services from offices across the country. if you’re interested in joining a company that enjoys a record of strong performance and is rich in history yet innovative, bold and transformative, then our organization is an outstanding place for you to grow and succeed. we’re an equal opportunity employer dedicated to workforce diversity. we’re also committed to providing a drug-free workplace.





options

apply for this job onlineapplysharerefer this job to a friendrefer


sorry the share function is not working properly at this moment. please refresh the page and try again later.

share on your newsfeed




need help finding the right job?




we can recommend jobs specifically for you!

click here to get started.






&nbsp&nbsp share this job on linkedin.





software powered by icimswww.icims.com









