

donnelley financial solutions careers

































 









show navigation
hide navigation

work@dfs 

benefits


why work for us?


employment listings 

search current openings


update your profile


create a job agent


about usfaqs








 



your user session will timeout in 5 minutes.  please click ok to continue with your application.

















					senior data engineer
				


						tracking code
					

						486-304 
					

						job description
					

donnelley financial solutions (dfs) is a leading financial communications services company with approximately 3,500 employees and 2015 revenues of $1.1 billion. dfs serves capital market and investment market clients by delivering products and services to help create, manage and deliver accurate and timely financial communications to investors and regulators.
 
position summary
 
 
donnelley financial solutions is seeking a senior data engineer to join our data and analytics team. the ideal candidate is a self-starter who is effective working with large development teams in a highly collaborative environment.
 
 
job description
 
 

develop, maintain, test, and troubleshoot data solutions, including database development, etl / data migration development, and big data development.
collaborate with technical and non-technical resources to solve issues and develop new functionality.
participate in requirements gathering and analysis meetings with team members, internal customers, and stakeholders.
mentors and assists data engineers and data developers as needed.

 


						required skills
					


database development skills (sql, t-sql)
sql server 2012 or later
sql server 2016 experience is a plus
etl / data integration
azure and cloud based technologies
sql azure
ssis
sql performance tuning and optimization
troubleshooting of complex data solutions
big data technologies including (azure data factory, spark, nosql, hadoop, hdinsight, big data architecture) a plus
data analysis
requirements analysis



						required experience
					


bachelor’s degree in computer science, information technology or relevant experience.
5 + years development experience with sql and tsql using sql server 2012 or later.
5 + years development experience using etl / data integration tools (ssis preferred).
3 + years of experience performing data analysis / data profiling.
5 + years of requirements analysis experience.
5 + years of experience working in environments with formal sdlc (software development life cycle) experience, 3 + years of experience working on teams utilizing agile methodologies.
3 + years authoring technical and functional documentation.
experience working on large teams a plus.
experience with project planning and more specifically sprint planning a plus.



						job location
					

						chicago, illinois, united states
					

						position type
					

						full-time/regular
					

employee referral bonus eligible
no




							apply
						











								share
							






















					return to job listings
				









site map  
©2017  donnelley financial solutions. all rights reserved.










