


        data scientist- finance -        sparkcognition -         job board
    

























 






view our website



view all jobs








                                                                         sparkcognition                                                                        





we’ve made a name for ourselves building systems that solve previously unsolved problems —and we continue to pursue worthwhile, industry changing goals with tremendous drive and commitment. our team is highly self-motivated, pursuing new innovations at a fast and furious pace. we love nothing more than the thrill of making it through a tough problem and seeing the final outstanding result. by the very nature of the goals we pursue, we push ourselves to go beyond limits perceived by others. impossible is nothing. 



data scientist- finance


austin, tx                    

full time                

engineering                    

experienced                


















sparkcognition is looking for innovative data scientists to join our team to help create the next generation of analytics and artificial intelligence solutions. at sparkcognition, you will immerse yourself in cutting-edge research and work with the latest technologies to deliver value in financial trading and portfolio optimization.
responsibilities
building models to solve specific problems. this includes, but is not limited to:
processing, cleansing, and verifying the integrity of data used for analysis
feature engineering using various techniques for the enhancement of data
performing feature selection on original and generated data
using machine learning tools to develop and train models
performing efficacy testing of the models
building automated tools that enable data scientists to more effectively perform tasks such as data cleaning, feature generation, feature selection, or model building
performing ad-hoc analysis and presenting results in a clear manner
working with a team to help solve new, never-before-solved challenges in financial trading and portfolio optimization.
skills and qualifications
understanding and experience using machine learning techniques and algorithms, including but not limited : linear models, neural networks, decision trees, bayesian techniques, clustering, anomaly detection, and more
experience with data science languages, such as python, r, matlab, etc
experience with machine learning frameworks, such as pytorch, tensorflow, theano, keras, etc 
strong statistics skills
experience managing large volumes of data (terabytes or more)
great communication skills
good scripting and programming skills, especially python
graduate degree (or equivalent industry experience), ph.d. preferred, in computer science, statistics, physics, mathematics, economics, or a related scientific discipline
desirable skills and qualifications
computational finance experience with modeling financial time series
familiar with capital markets including equities, fixed income, foreign exchange, and commodities
exposure to risk management and portfolio optimization techniques
experience with tableau
experience with distributed computing, such as hadoop, spark, or an mpp environment

read more



apply for position








            apply for this position        
required*



apply with linkedin







apply with indeed









first name*



last name*



email address*



address
















phone*



resume*

attach resume
                    or
                    paste resume



                        attach resume as .pdf, .doc, or .docx (limit 2mb) or
                        paste resume


 




                            paste your resume here or
                            attach resume file









cover letter*



in 150 characters or fewer, tell us what makes you unique. try to be creative and say something that will catch our eye!*

150


the following questions are entirely optional.

                        to comply with government equal employment opportunity / affirmative action reporting regulations, we are requesting (but not requiring) that you enter this personal data. this information will not be used in connection with any employment decisions, and will be used solely as permitted by state and federal law. your voluntary cooperation would be appreciated. learn more.
                    



gender

decline to answerfemalemale

 


race/ethnicity

decline to answerwhite (not hispanic)african american/black (not hispanic)hispanic/latinoasianpacific islanderamerican indiannative alaskannative hawaiianmulti-racial

 


veteran/disability status

decline to answerdisabled veteranspecial disabled veteranvietnam era veteran3 yr. recently separated veteran1 yr. recently separated veteranother protected veterandisabled individualnot applicable

 


submit application














×close
forward this position





recipient email address (one)



your name



your email address



enter a message (optional)
the message cannot contain links




human check*




















powered by















