success academy charter schools - data engineerdata engineernew york, nycentral network officefull-timeapply for this jobas the fastest growing, highest-performing charter school network in new york state, success academy has reimagined  public education. nationally recognized for achieving outstanding academic results for students from all backgrounds and zip codes, we have created an innovative k-12 school model that is preparing current and future generations of children with the subject mastery and skills to succeed in college and life. since opening our first school in harlem in 2006, we have swiftly grown to 46 high-performing schools, from bed-stuy to the bronx, serving approximately 15,000 kids. we are scaling to 100 great schools serving 50,000 children across new york city, bringing transformational change here and across the country. our data management & analytics team ensures we all work collaboratively and more efficiently to support our growing network of schools. by implementing cutting edge technology, built in-house and from 3rd party vendors, we are able to help the organization scale by streamlining processes and making sure everyone has access to mission-critical information 24/7. in effect, the dm&a team's goal is to help everyone at success work better, more efficiently, and with access to all available sources of information. we’re looking for a tactical, organized, and detail-oriented data engineer to help manage initiatives for our dm&a team.  our data engineer will be responsible for implementing aspects of our enterprise data warehouse that have an immediate effect on our organization and scholars. reporting directly to our managing director, s/he will be comfortable jumping in the deep end and learning new skills, and should be someone who... - can effectively construct complex sql queries (mostly postgres and ms sql server, but some mysql as well); - possesses a high level of comfort using python data libraries, particularly pandas and sqlalchemy;- possesses knowledge of data warehouse systems, structures, and approaches;- is experienced in using third-party apis to collect data from various sources into a central database; - works comfortably in linux environments with some bash scripting and light administration;- seeks a fast paced, collaborative environment with capacity to work with multiple teams to complete a variety of projects; and- has a strong interest in education reform and working for a mission driven organization.preferred (but not required) qualifications also include...- experience with python web development frameworks (flask or pyramid);- experience with data analysis and visualization methods; and- experience creating pdfs, powerpoints files, or other documents programmatically.to join our team, upload a cover letter and resume that outlines your candidacy. your cover letter should explain in detail your qualifications for the position. resumes without cover letters will not be reviewed.success academy charter schools is an equal opportunity employer and actively encourages applications from people of all backgrounds. compensation is competitive and commensurate with experience. success academy offers a full benefits program and opportunities for professional growth.apply for this jobsuccess academy charter schools home pagejobs powered by 