backend engineer - meshifybackend engineerplatform engineeringaustin, tx, united states$80,000 - $130,000 a yearonsite in austin, tx 78704must be authorized to work in the u.s.descriptiondo you enjoy building processing pipelines for massive amounts of data? adaptable time-series databases? machine learning? streaming analytics pipelines? we’ve got a lot of opportunities for you to leave your mark.a backend developer at meshify will have the opportunity to work on a myriad of projects and applications. we have just finished 1.0 of our platform rewrite, entitled carbon. it is a full scale redesign and rewrite of our legacy platform. we migrated from an old .net api server to go, from mysql to scylladb (cassandra) for time-series data, and from mysql to postgres for relational data. it includes a query and analytics engine, highly customizable rules and notifications engine, and even custom javascript code triggered by messages in the data pipeline (lambda engine). future projects will include a hardware identity server providing identity and security to our hardware, simple integration with big data tooling, improved gps rule processing, integration with common ticketing systems like pager duty, and more. there is also the opportunity to work with customers on one-off integrations by designing solutions for complex and unique problems.first few monthsbuild out data pipeline ingest tooling from other transportsassist in building out and scaling the event history apibuild out real-time debug logging in the data pipeline to enable easier debugging of hardware issueskey responsibilitiesdevelop backend services in gowork with postgresql and scylla (cassandra) to view and model data effectivelywork with git, docker, and rancher to continuously build and deploy software applicationswork to build maintainable, scalable, and deployable solutionsskills & requirements4 year degree in cs or other engineering discipline combined with relevant experience2 to 5 years professional development experienceproficiency in node.js, go, or similar languagesproficiency with relational databases (mysql, postgresql, etc.)very strong problem solving skillsopen to new concepts, ideas, and languagesable read, write, and speak fluent englishability to work in a team environment at a fast-paced, small companybased in austin and available to work on-sitesample of what we currently usegolang (api, data pipeline)nsqpostgresqlscylladb (cassandra)awsdockerrancherdronecitick stackcompensation dependent on experience.we are an equal opportunity employer. qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or protected veteran status.remind me to apply laterclearwant to apply later?type your email address below to receive a reminderemailerrorrequired fieldcancelsend reminderapply to jobfirst nameerrorrequired fieldlast nameerrorrequired fieldemailerrorrequired fieldphone numbererrorwebsiteerrorresumeattachattachclearinsert_drive_filedeletecover letterattachattachclearinsert_drive_filedeletesubmitprivacy.terms