






ut austin job posting - engineering scientist | the university of texas at austin














skip to main content
 
 



              ut direct help
            



              logoff
            












 
 




select the type of search to perform:

any word
all words
exact phrase

enter a search term:



 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
	                        job search
                           
 
 
 
 

 
                              my application
                             

 
 
 
 

 
                              jobs i've applied for
                             

 
 
 
 

 
                              resources
                             

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
the university of texas at austin job posting
 





 
 









return to job search
                    
                



share







                                start application process 





switch to mobile view



engineering scientist - r and d data analysis developer

hiring department
applied research lab



                        monthly salary
                    

                         
                            $6,250 - $10,833
                        

                        
                    



hours per week

                     40.00 flexible from  700am to  600pm
                


posting number

                    17-10-30-02-4204
                


job status
open


flsa status
exempt


earliest start date
immediately


position duration
funding expected to continue


position open to
all applicants


location
austin - j. j. pickle research campus (north austin)


number of vacancies
1



general notes


                    an agency designated by the federal government handles the investigation as to the requirement for eligibility for access to classified information.  factors considered during this investigation include but are not limited to allegiance to the u.s., foreign influence, foreign preference, criminal conduct, security violations, drug involvement, the likelihood of continuation of such conduct, etc.
                


required application materials


a resume is required in order to apply
a letter of interest is required in order to apply.
a list of 3 references is required in order to apply.


note:
                            the following additional materials are also required for consideration:
                            transcripts.  references must be former employers.
                            instructions for submission of these materials will be provided at the
                            time the online application has been completed.
                        



additional information


purpose


                    research and development for data analysis applications, including data modeling and algorithm development and application.
                



essential functions


                    
                        design, develop, configure, apply, and test data analysis algorithms. prepare technical documentation and technical presentations. communicate with project team members and supervisors, and sponsors for timely implementation of project.
                    
                



marginal/incidental functions


                    
                        other related functions as assigned.
                    
                



required qualifications


                    
                        bachelor's degree plus three years of work experience in computer science, engineering, math, or other applied sciences.  experience working with data analysis and data mining algorithms (machine learning, regression, probability, and statistics).  strong math background and technical writing skills.  demonstrated experience programming in java or python.  strong analytical and problem solving capability.  ability to work independently with sensitive and confidential information, maintain a professional demeanor, work as a team member without daily supervision, and effectively communicate with diverse groups. u.s. citizen. applicant selected will be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information at the level appropriate to the project requirements of the position.
                    
                



preferred qualifications


                    master's degree in a required area.  advanced coursework or significant experience related to data analysis and artificial intelligence (statistics, data mining, scalable machine learning, pattern recognition, etc.).  experience with  r, sas, stata, mathematica, and/or matlab.  experience with database integration, sql programming, and/or data mining and data exploration tools, methods, and infrastructure (hadoop, hbase, r, spark, solr, elastic search, etc.).   experience with software version control systems.  experience analyzing large, complex datasets using scalable techniques.  experience working in the cyber security application domain. cumulative gpa of 3.0.
                



working conditions


                    
                        
                            may work around standard office conditions
                        
                            repetitive use of a keyboard at a workstation
                        
                            use of manual dexterity
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                            
                        
                        some weekend, evening and holiday work.  frequent use of manuals and books.  may work in shared, windowless office space.  possible intrastate/interstate travel.
                    
                





                            
                                a criminal history background check will be required
                                for finalist(s) under consideration for this position.
                            
                        

                        
                            the retirement plan for this position is teacher retirement
                            system of texas (trs), subject to the
                            position being at least 20 hours per week and at least
                            135 days in length.
                        
                    

                        the university of texas at austin, as an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer, complies with all applicable federal and state laws regarding nondiscrimination and affirmative action. the university is committed to a policy of equal opportunity for all persons and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, age, marital status, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, disability, religion, or veteran status in employment, educational programs and activities, and admissions.       
                    

                            if hired, you will be required to complete the federal employment
                            eligibility verification form, i-9. you will be required to present
                            acceptable, original
                            documents
                            to prove your identity and
                            authorization to work in the united states. information
                            from the documents will be submitted to the federal e-verify
                            system for verification. documents must be
                            presented no later than the third day of employment. failure to do
                            so will result in dismissal.
                        

ut austin is a tobacco-free campus







return to job search
                    



                            start application process 










return to top of page
 
 
 








comments to: human resource service centerut job centralfor questions or concerns regarding equal opportunity only, contact office for inclusion and equityif hired, you will be required to complete the federal employment eligibility verification form, i-9. you will be required to present acceptable, original documents to prove your identity and authorization to work in the united states. information from the documents will be submitted to the federal e-verify system for verification. documents need to be presented no later than the third day of employment. failure to do so will result in dismissal.the open carry of handguns on campus is prohibited by law. for questions concerning concealed carry of handguns on campus, please refer to the university handbook of operating procedures, hop 8-1060.for more job information, call the human resource service center at (512) 471-4772, or toll-free at (800) 687-4178.

 

sitemap
  


academics
administrative applications
admissions
around campus
colleges, schools and academic units




computing and technology
directories and offices
employment and careers
finances
graduation




instruction
news, events and calendars
personal info
research
working at ut



              the university of texas at austin
              1 university station
              austin, texas  78712
             
  

 






ut direct comments
web privacy policy
web accessibility

©the university of texas at austin 2011
 
 
 
 

