













quality principal engineer (17000vac) description at dell





























skip navigation



















home
about careers at dell
hiring events
employee testimonials
sales
students
veterans























sign in







sign out






my account


place orders quickly and easily
view orders and track your shipping status
enjoy members-only rewards and discounts





sign in




create an account





premier sign in



partnerdirect  sign in




account settings


order status



my products



dell preferred account



dell advantage rewards



premier sign in



partnerdirect  sign in




sign out





















home
about careers at dell
hiring events
employee testimonials
students
veterans

































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































home
about careers at dell
hiring events
employee testimonials
students
veterans






 






rise and shine on.
you've waited your whole life for this.  the chance to be a part of something that transforms lives and can take your career to the next level.







search all dell jobs:


keyword



location




radius
radius
5 miles
15 miles
25 miles
35 miles
50 miles



search





click here to search by job category


business support jobs


communications jobs


corporate development & strategy jobs


delivery jobs


engineering jobs


finance jobs


graduates jobs


human resources jobs


india sales jobs


information technology jobs


inside sales jobs


internship jobs


legal jobs


manufacturing jobs


marketing jobs


materials & procurement jobs


new graduates jobs


product services jobs


production jobs


professional services jobs


remote jobs


revenue jobs


rsa jobs


sales jobs


secureworks jobs


services jobs


virtustream jobs











quality principal engineer (17000vac)
apply now
job id r02661 date posted 10/09/2017 location austin,  texas
why work at dell?endless challenges and rewards. opportunities on six continents. a team of colleagues fueled by collaboration. all this, and a company deeply committed to integrity and responsibility.description:

quality principal engineer  austin, tx

the quality tools team is an innovative full-stack bi shop, exceling at developing best-in-class enterprise web applications and business intelligence solutions across the span of dells end-to-end business. were a fiercely collaborative team charged with rapid development and evolution of applications, and driven by a relentless pursuit of innovation and desire to delight our customers.

the business analytics developer functions as solutions architect, database developer, data scientist, and web developer. you embrace continuous integration and deployment, and are excited by the challenges of delivering next-generation applications that produce transformative insights from extremely large data sets. here youll be leveraging sql server, teradata, and hadoop databases, along with c#, .net, javascript, nlp, and machine learning technologies.


role responsibilities:
-design and build analytics solutions that deliver transformative insights from extremely large data sets.
-design, develop, and implement web applications for self-service delivery of analytics.
-design and develop apis, database objects, machine learning algorithms, and necessary server-side code to support applications.
-work closely with team members to quickly integrate new components and features into current application ecosystem.

-continuously evaluate industry trends for opportunities to utilize new technologies and methodologies, and implement these into the solution stack as appropriate.


qualification:

requirements:
-bachelors or advanced degree in computer science, applied mathematics, engineering, or related field
-3+years experience developing across a full stack, including: database, web server, api, and client-side scripting
-good communication skills and ability to drive cross-functional project execution

preferences:
-working knowledge of statistics and machine learning concepts
-demonstrated ability to write, tune, and debug performant sql
-experience with related technologies such as c#, .net, html5, javascipt, sql server, teradata, hadoop, spark, and r
-demonstrated ability creating rich web interfaces using a modern client side framework
-strong knowledge of computer science fundamentals, and demonstrated ability in applying these effectively in the real-world

company description
with more than 100,000 team members globally, we promote an environment that is rooted in the entrepreneurial spirit in which the company was founded. dells team members are committed to serving our communities, regularly volunteering for over 1,500 non-profit organizations. the company has also received many accolades from employer of choice to energy conservation. our team members follow an open approach to technology innovation and believe that technology is essential for human success.

 why work with us?
-life at dell means collaborating with dedicated professionals with a passion for technology
-when we see something that could be improved, we get to work inventing the solution
-our people demonstrate our winning culture through positive and meaningful relationships
-we invest in our people and offer a series of programs that enables them to pursue a career that fulfills their potential
-our team members health and wellness is our priority as well as rewarding them for their hard work

dell is an equal opportunity employer and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any kind: dell is committed to the principle of equal employment opportunity for all employees and to providing employees with a work environment free of discrimination and harassment. all employment decisions at dell are based on business needs, job requirements and individual qualifications, without regard to race, color, religion or belief, national, social or ethnic origin, sex (including pregnancy), age, physical, mental or sensory disability, hiv status, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, marital, civil union or domestic partnership status, past or present military service, family medical history or genetic information, family or parental status, or any other status protected by the laws or regulations in the locations where we operate. dell will not tolerate discrimination or harassment based on any of these characteristics. dell encourages applicants of all ages.


come join us! for more information , visit us on the web at www.dell.com/careers
job family: engineering development 
job id: r02661
apply now



working in our austin office
check out where you could be working if you apply.













                    meet kim
                    meet kim








                    meet brice
                    meet brice








                    meet darrick
                    meet darrick








                    dell in north america
                    explore jobs in our north american locations.












sign up for job alerts
email addressinterested inenter category and/or location, then click add. you must have at least one entry in the list below in order to subscribe.categorylocationaddengineering, austin, texas, united statesremovegraduates, austin, texas, united statesremoveremove

confirm email














recent jobs


visual designer
austin, texas


conflict minerals program manager
austin, texas


social media editor, senior analyst
austin, texas| hopkinton, massachusetts




useful links

schedule of hiring events
students
veterans
sales
corporate careers site
pivotal
secureworks
vmware



follow dell careers

facebook
twitter
linkedin
glassdoor
youtube
instagram














dell technologies
pivotal
secureworks
vmware
corporate blog














© 2017 dell
terms of sale
privacy statement
ads & emails
legal & regulatory
corporate social responsibility
contact






 


















