

rocket software careers





























 












homecareersabout rocket softwarehelpful hints for applicants



 


search current openingsupdate your profilecreate a job agentupdate job agent
  



your user session will timeout in 5 minutes.  please click ok to continue with your application.

















					principal machine learning engineer
				


						tracking code
					

						979-509 
					

						job description
					

rocket software is a leading global developer of software products that help corporations, government agencies and other organizations reach their technology and business goals. 1,300 rocketeers on five continents are focused on building and delivering solutions for more than 10,000 customers and partners.
 
rocket software is looking for a passionate machine learning engineer to help us build and launch a cognitive solution, and provide leadership to the advanced analytics team responsible for building the intelligence for an enterprise scale real-time cognitive feedback engine.  you will work on building, publishing and measuring machine learning models for enterprise it to analyze, predict faults, recommend mitigation strategies based on trade-off analytics, and predict user behavior for a better more intuitive experience. you will be involved in a team that is solving some of the hardest problems for our fortune 500 customers.
 
join our team and take on this unique opportunity to reinvent database administration as we know it. if you are a developer who is passionate about data science and analytics, we want to talk to you!
 
what you'll be doing?
 

bring together a combination of mathematical rigor and innovative algorithm design to create recipes that extract relevant insights from millions of rows of data to meaningfully improve enterprise it operations.
research, develop, and apply new techniques in the intersection of math, probability, and optimization.       
translate unstructured, complex business problems into an abstract mathematical framework, making intelligent approximations when needed to put your algorithm to work at scale.
deploy, maintain and tweak scoring models based on feedback loops and real-time performance.
work closely with various product development engineering teams to solve key prediction, mitigation, recommendation and discovery problems in the field of db2 operational optimization.
research, investigate and prototype innovative machine learning concepts.
guide, mentor and lead other machine learning engineers in implementing innovative solutions and driving results.
work closely with the data science team to understand the scope of the business problem and what is required for operationalizing the models being researched.



						required skills
					

what you'll bring?
 

you are passionate about building software that matters.
you believe in reimagining and redefining the world through software that is elegant and simple.
you have an obsession about discovering and solving customer issues.
you can work independently and drive results.
you are open to new challenges, and willing to learn.
you have a strong background in analyzing and discovering patterns in seemingly disparate data.
you are a strong java or scala programmer who loves apache spark.
the intersection of mathematical models and algorithm design excites you.

 
bonus
 

you are familiar with the ibm z systems platform.
you are familiar with the operational aspects of an enterprise relational database like ibm db2 for z/os.
you have experience with r or other such data science tools.

 
 
rocket software inc. is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. rocket software inc. is also committed to compliance with all fair employment practices regarding citizenship and immigration status.
 
rocket is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodation to individuals with physical and mental disabilities.  if you need special assistance or an accommodation while seeking employment, please call: 781-577-4321 or send an email to hr@rocketsoftware.com.  we will make a determination on your request for reasonable accommodation on a case-by-case basis.
 


						job location
					

						austin, texas, united states
					

						position type
					

						full-time/regular
					





							apply
						











								connect
							


							who do you know at
							
rocket software

 





								share
							






















					return to job listings
				










 contact us site map legal privacy policy 

 rocket software develops, licenses, and supports enterprise infrastructure software and solutions.    rocket services customers in all geographies through our worldwide sales force, support team, and r&d labs.    our customers deploy our products in these strategic infrastructure domains: application development, application modernization, business intelligence, compliance and security, consumer productivity, database servers, database tools, file transfer, mainframe productivity, network management, publishing and search, soa and integration, storage management, terminal emulation,   and text mining. 
 © 2012 rocket software, inc. all rights reserved.     rocket and the rocket software logos are registered trademarks of rocket software, inc.     other product and service names might be trademarks of rocket software or other companies. 

  

rocket software
 77 fourth avenue 
    waltham, ma 02451-1468 
t +1 781 577 4321 
    w www.rocketsoftware.com 
    e info@rocketsoftware.com
 privacy policy | legal













