


        data science director -        sparkcognition -         job board
    

























 






view our website



view all jobs








                                                                         sparkcognition                                                                        





we’ve made a name for ourselves building systems that solve previously unsolved problems —and we continue to pursue worthwhile, industry changing goals with tremendous drive and commitment. our team is highly self-motivated, pursuing new innovations at a fast and furious pace. we love nothing more than the thrill of making it through a tough problem and seeing the final outstanding result. by the very nature of the goals we pursue, we push ourselves to go beyond limits perceived by others. impossible is nothing. 



data science director


austin, tx                    

full time                

engineering                    

senior manager/supervisor                


















sparkcognition is looking for a dynamic and motivated leader to manage a team of data scientists that is developing products using machine learning, artificial intelligence and big data technologies. the ideal candidate is a strong leader who loves to build complex products with a team consisting of high-performing and talented individuals. as a leader, you will be responsible for other data scientists in both research and technical aspects of their projects. if you are passionate about driving teams to exceptional performance, growth and challenge, this is the job for you. to be successful in this role, you must be self-motivated, driven and able to help the team in whatever way necessary including hands-on development.

responsibilities 

motivate and lead team members with graduate and post-graduate degrees doing applied research solving leading-edge business problems
mentor and lead other members of the department in data science best practices
keep senior management informed of progress and any obstacles impeding the successful implementation of projects and other departmental activities thru status reports, presentations, etc. 
handle routine daily activities such as logistics, coordination, coaching, mentoring, recruiting, planning, delivery, quality, customer/vendor relationships, performance metrics, operations, efficiency and other services 
work in a highly collaborative environment


qualifications 

graduate degree, ph.d. preferred, in computer science, statistics, physics, mathematics, neuroscience, linguistics, electrical engineering, economics, or a related scientific discipline
strong understanding of machine learning, cognitive computing, natural language processing, statistics, and modeling techniques 
5+ years in positions applying machine learning, natural language processing, data science, and analytics.
3+ years managing projects as a technical project leader
strong verbal and written communication skills, and the ability to summarize technically complex information for a non-technical audience
strong 'can do' attitude, thrives in a dynamic, fast paced environment with many simultaneous projects 
experience working with big data, cloud, ai or machine learning technologies
excellent interpersonal skills to effectively work with all stakeholders to improve data and business processes and to negotiate priorities 

additional qualifications

experience with distributed computing, such as hadoop, spark, or an mpp environment
experience with developing application on full stack of http, json, rest, angular js, java/c#, python, sql and no-sql databases
expertise in r, python or similar machine learning languages/packages
experience with nlp, big data analytics, and graphing techniques


read more



apply for position








            apply for this position        
required*



apply with linkedin







apply with indeed









first name*



last name*



email address*



address
















phone*



resume*

attach resume
                    or
                    paste resume



                        attach resume as .pdf, .doc, or .docx (limit 2mb) or
                        paste resume


 




                            paste your resume here or
                            attach resume file









desired salary*



in 150 characters or fewer, tell us what makes you unique. try to be creative and say something that will catch our eye!*

150


the following questions are entirely optional.

                        to comply with government equal employment opportunity / affirmative action reporting regulations, we are requesting (but not requiring) that you enter this personal data. this information will not be used in connection with any employment decisions, and will be used solely as permitted by state and federal law. your voluntary cooperation would be appreciated. learn more.
                    



gender

decline to answerfemalemale

 


race/ethnicity

decline to answerwhite (not hispanic)african american/black (not hispanic)hispanic/latinoasianpacific islanderamerican indiannative alaskannative hawaiianmulti-racial

 


veteran/disability status

decline to answerdisabled veteranspecial disabled veteranvietnam era veteran3 yr. recently separated veteran1 yr. recently separated veteranother protected veterandisabled individualnot applicable

 


submit application














×close
forward this position





recipient email address (one)



your name



your email address



enter a message (optional)
the message cannot contain links




human check*




















powered by















