pluralsight machine learning engineer | smartrecruiters

machine learning engineerboston, mafull-timecompany descriptionabout pluralsightpluralsight proudly creates the creators of tomorrow: the people who develop the technology that lifts the human condition. we do this through the tech industry's leading learning platform for serious developer, it, data, and security professionals. our team of 800+ innovators and disruptors are serving over 1m users in 150+ countries to conquer the tech skills gap.working at pluralsightwe're committed to a values-driven culture here at pluralsight and our mission inspires everything we do:creating progress through technology that lifts the human condition.this is our north star — it's the why and how behind all of our decisions. since our start in 2004, we’ve chosen to grow in a way that will make our mission a reality. we’ve raised over $190 million in funding and acquired five awesome startups (peepcode, trainsignal, tekpub, digital tutors, & code school) that have grown our platform in immense ways. we're growing quickly and we're looking for people who are passionate about making a serious impact on technology -- and the world. we invite you to help us create the future while doing the best work of your life.job descriptionthe opportunity iris is pluralsight’s learning intelligence platform, an innovative and unique user experience, whose aim is to use data to create a smarter, personalized learning journey.  it is cutting edge and a key component of pluralsight’s strategy.  we are growing a team of people from multiple disciplines who love solving complex problems with data and are excited by the prospect of creating the brains behind iris. as a machine learning engineer, you will be responsible for building the infrastructure and implementing the algorithms that make iris smart.   you will be working on a cross-functional team with a product manager, ux designer, dev ops specialist, machine learning engineers, and software engineers.  you’ll be part of a team that is user focused, has a mentality for experimentation, and iterates quickly. who you are:• you have a strong foundation in machine learning and computer science and an understanding of applied statistics and math.  you have a broad understanding of state of the art in machine learning.• you are a master of sql-like databases (e.g. postgres, impala, hive), preferably with experience with spark and other big data platforms. • you are a proficient python programmer and have at least some exposure to r.  regardless of your favorite scientific computing environment, you can flex between the two languages.• you have experience building production services and/or models, preferably as part of a product development team. a track record of implementing data-driven products is ideal.• you have worked in a collaborative development environment and have experience with continuous integration and delivery.• you can describe and speak in an approachable way about complex analyses and concepts within a cross-functional team. you are a great “analytic translator”.what you’ll do:• develop robust, scalable production data science products based on prototype algorithms developed in python or r by the data science r&d team. you’ll evaluate trade-offs and do performance tuning for production traffic.• iterate, and innovate on machine learning algorithms in collaboration with machine learning engineers and software engineers• collect, process and cleanse data from a wide variety of sources. transform and convert unstructured data set into structured data for algorithm input.• evaluate the effectiveness of user experiences, determining what data is needed and how to collect itexperience you’ll need:• m.s. or ph.d in computer science or relevant quantitative science• minimum of 3 years in a data science engineering role• experience working with product development teams and/or with developersworking at pluralsight we're committed to a values-driven culture here at pluralsight and our mission inspires everything we do: creating progress through technology that lifts the human condition. this is our north star — it's the why and how behind all of our decisions. since our start in 2004, we’ve chosen to grow in a way that will make our mission a reality. we’ve raised over $190 million in funding and acquired five awesome startups (peepcode, trainsignal, tekpub, digital tutors, & code school) that have grown our platform in immense ways. we're growing quickly and we're looking for people who are passionate about making a serious impact on technology -- and the world. we invite you to help us create the future while doing the best work of your life. need more inspiration?  take a look at what others are saying on glassdoor and on social media at #wearepluralsight. check out our awards as well, or find who you know on linkedin that works at pluralsight and learn what drives their desire to make the world a better place. and it’s okay to be curious about our benefits- they’re one great example of our purpose-driven people programs that enable our teams to do amazing work.additional informationbe yourself. pluralsight is an equal opportunity employer. all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status.i'm interestedi'm interestedrefer a friendposted byliz wrenshare this jobpowered by