






join us — fulcrum therapeutics






































                about
              



                our approach
              



                programs
              



                faces of fulcrum
              



                join us
              



                news
              



                contact
              












                about
              



                our approach
              



                programs
              



                faces of fulcrum
              



                join us
              



                news
              



                contact
              










































join us fulcrum therapeutics, a third rock portfolio company and fierce 15 award winner, is looking for exceptional individuals who share our passion to create new medicines to deliver a new future for patients and their families by unlocking gene regulation in disease. at fulcrum, we are dedicated to our patients, who desperately need breakthrough medicines. and we proudly support our employees as we work to achieve our shared goal of making a positive difference in patients’ lives. we are both shepherds of your career, and your biggest champions. our culture celebrates innovation and excellence.  if you want to experience being part of a team committed to delivering revolutionary science to patients in need of new treatment options, we invite you to learn more about our core values and explore fulcrum’s career opportunities. we offer a stimulating environment, tremendous growth opportunities as well as a comprehensive compensation and benefits package. 











core values rollover image1rollover image2rollover image3rollover image5 











open positions to be considered for an opportunity at fulcrum therapeutics, please submit your cv with the title of the position in the subject line to careers@fulcrumtx.com.

senior scientist, medicinal chemistry

description
we are seeking a highly motivated medicinal chemist to be responsible for the design of small-molecule drug candidates in target validation, hit-to-lead and lead optimization projects in collaboration with external cros.  the successful candidate must have a demonstrated ability to innovate across the full spectrum of medicinal chemistry projects.  in addition, he/she will engage in synthetic and medicinal chemistry problem solving and work with team members across disciplines to analyze diverse data sets to build structure-activity relationships and drive programs.  as a senior scientist, the successful candidate will have collaborative engagement with the external scientific community and make direct contributions to fulcrum’s external reputation.  
responsibilities

lead the external execution of design, synthesis, purification and characterization of bioactive compounds 
facilitate the design of new bioactive compounds by interacting with other chemists and biologists to optimize dmpk, in vitro, and in vivo pharmacology properties. 
lead and oversee effective interactions with external cros.
monitor and evaluate tasks to meet project time frames.

qualifications

phd in synthetic organic chemistry or equivalent.
structure-based drug design experience preferred.
at least 5-10 years of industry experience strongly preferred.
high level of creativity and productivity with strong synthetic chemistry problem solving skills.
demonstrated excellence in organic synthesis, conversant with the current literature.
ability to champion chemistry efforts into new directions to achieve project milestones.
strong evidence of conceptual thinking, active follow-through and vigorous scientific curiosity.
proven ability to work well with others in a dynamic and highly collaborative environment.
exceptional interpersonal, verbal and written communication skills.






director level – business development

position overview & responsibilities
the associate director/director of business development will drive fulcrum’s business development activities, as well as support strategy, and alliance management functions. 
responsibilities

source and screen potential licensing opportunities, coordinating due diligence, term sheets, negotiation, contracting, and decision-making.
contribute to and execute a comprehensive non-dilutive revenue strategy for fulcrum, including industry partnerships, government grants, lobbying, and outreach to foundations and patient advocacy groups.
support partnering activities, including preparing pitch decks, term sheets, and other materials as needed to support negotiations and diligence activities.
provide analytic support by conducting product/market forecasts, npv valuations, and other financial analyses as needed in support of r&d and corporate business decisions.
coordinate fulcrum scientists, legal and administrative staff, and external legal firms to manage workflow in delivering academic/industry collaborations (sras, mtas, cdas, etc.).
in conjunction with ip/legal/finance leadership at fulcrum, manage fulfillment of contractual obligations, including reporting, payments, and compliance.
manage non-standard contracts including with scientific/medical advisors, and other vendors.

requirements

ba/bs required; mba plus graduate degree in scientific / medical discipline (ph.d. or m.d.) strongly preferred.
5+ years biopharmaceutical experience; candidates with industry, as well as relevant investment banking and consulting backgrounds, will be considered.
high energy individual with a positive “nothing is impossible” attitude.
ability to work in a hands-on collaborative fashion with many different disciplines both inside and outside of the company.
strong knowledge of biotechnology industry, drug discovery and development process.
ability to work independently in an entrepreneurial, matrixed environment.
ability to multi-task and prioritize to manage multiple projects simultaneously.
ability to perform mathematical modeling including calculations such as npv and product forecasting.
experience with commercial and scientific assessment of new product opportunities.
proficiency in speaking, comprehending, reading and writing english is required. ability to read and interpret comprehensive and intricate research documents. ability to write scientific reports and technical correspondence. ability to work with executives and communicate abstract concepts. ability to present to a high level of the organization and groups outside of the organization.
periodic travel may be required






director of operations

description
the head of operations, reporting to vice president human resources, will partner with leadership team and work across the company to ensure that the operational processes enable the science, business and culture.  this will include creating, changing, or improving processes and infrastructure to support the company today and plan for our future growth.  this position will also need to assess resources needs (internal vs. external) to plan for today and our future; the current model is an outsourced framework leveraging consultants/vendors. 
responsibilities

operations management
manage external resources to address, supervise, develop and build out all aspects of facilities management
manage all aspects of ongoing facilities needs, including ongoing maintenance, equipment maintenance and service contracts
oversee tactical and strategic space planning
manage landlord relationship
orchestrate equipment procurement and installation
refine processes to efficiently manage procurement, shipping and receiving
manage vendors, contracts, etc.
research operations
manage and oversee the general laboratory environment including cleanliness of the space, equipment maintenance and vendor relations
define needs for the lab in consultation with scientific staff, developing optimal, cost-effective solutions working closely with business and operations team to drive contracts to resolution and execution
oversee and manage safety 
information technology
manage external team supporting all information technology needs of the company
solid scientific/technical knowledge to be able to successfully ensure project scope and fit technology for applications, networking and information systems strategic roadmap and execution of all it services

qualifications

bachelor’s/master’s degree plus 7-10 years of relevant experience managing biotech operations (facilities, research operations, information technology)
scientific or ehs background
experience managing and implementing operations in a startup, biotech environment
prior experience successfully implementing, utilizing and leveraging outsourcing strategies
deep understanding of what it takes to support a lab 
expertise and excellent communication/negotiation skills in vendor relations
good organizational skills and ability to prioritize multiple tasks and/or projects
exceptional interpersonal and communication skills with a demonstrated ability to lead, influence and motivate others without direct reporting authority








computational biologist

description
we are seeking a highly motivated scientist or sr. scientist to join our efforts at fulcrum. this individual will focus primarily on next generation sequencing data in conjunction with human or model organism phenotypic data as it relates to our therapeutic programs.
responsibilities

analyze genome, epigenome, transcriptome, and proteomic datasets
contribute to experimental study design
involved with therapeutic target and biomarker identification
adjusts to new data and changing project needs

requirements

an advanced degree or significant experience in computational biology, bioinformatics, molecular biology, computer science/engineering, statistics or related areas
intermediate to advanced programming skills (i.e. python, r)
experience with high performance computing, preferably on the cloud (i.e. aws)
experience with open source ngs analysis software, analysis pipelines
experience with jupyter notebooks, github or related tools
knowledge of publicly available databases (i.e. encode, geo)
familiarity with pathway analysis
good grasp of transcriptional and epigenetic biology; wet lab experience is a plus
good grasp of transcriptional and epigenetic biology; wet lab experience is a plus
evidence of maturity, resourcefulness, and leadership potential
team oriented, highly collaborative
excellent oral and written communication skills, fluency in english






data scientist – machine learning and statistics

description
we currently have a data scientist opening at the scientist or sr. scientist level at fulcrum. this position will focus primarily on next generation sequencing data in conjunction with human or model organism phenotypic data as it relates to our therapeutic programs.
responsibilities

this position will focus on the development and application of statistical methods for the integrated analysis of large-scale datasets
experience with a wide array of machine learning algorithms and data mining methods (i.e. time series analysis, state space models, adaptive filtering, mixed effect models, hierarchical bayes, markov models, decision trees, boosting, random forests, support vector machines)
performs exploratory data analysis of very large datasets from varying sources, draw inferences and insights to design or tune statistical models/learning algorithms for identifying genes predictive of phenotypes or clinical outcomes
evaluate fits, error metrics and model diagnostics to assess and improve model performance
performs data collection and curation
interprets analysis to a broad array of wet-lab scientists

qualifications

an advanced degree in a relevant technical field (i.e. bioinformatics, statistics, computer science, engineering, physics, math, finance)
proficient programming skills (i.e. python, c++, scala)
expert knowledge of a statistical analysis package (i.e. r, matlab, sas)
experience with high performance computing, preferably on a cloud platform (i.e. aws)
proficient with data visualization techniques
evidence of maturity, resourcefulness, and leadership potential
prefers team oriented, collaborative work environments
excellent oral and written communication skills, fluency in english






scientist, biology

description
you will work as part of an integrated, highly motivated matrixed team within fulcrum. your focus will be to develop, implement and execute cell based assays using patient derived differentiated neurons and myotubes for high-throughput chemical and crispr screens.  as one of the key hires for the company, you will work in close collaboration with the biology team and scientists to support our target identification and validation pipeline.
responsibilities

develop, optimize and troubleshoot cell based assays in 384 well plate format
collaborate with developmental cell biologists to maintain high quality myoblast, myotube, and neuronal cell cultures 
collaborate with information technologists to implement a screening pipeline to track samples from entry, processing to analysis
program and execute screens using state-of-the-art highres automation system and liquid handlers 
prepare, order, and maintain stocks of necessary reagents, solutions and supplies
document, compile, analyze and present experimental data
generate and maintain clear experimental records
organize and clearly present experimental results to the project team

requirements

bs or ms in pharmacology, biology, molecular and/or cellular biology
at least 3 to 5 years of hands-on experience in assay implementation, high throughput screening (small molecule and crispr)
experience in programing and running automation systems and/or liquid handlers
experience in ipsc, muscle and/ or neuronal cell culture is desirable 
experience in rt-pcr, elisa, western, dna/rna prep, ihc 
experience with gene editing (crispr cas9) is a plus
experience with microsoft excel, word, prism, etc. 





note to recruitment agencies: please do not forward any agency resumes. fulcrum therapeutics is not responsible for any fees related to resumes that are unsolicited.equal opportunity employer m/f/d/v











stay connectedstay up to date with all our latest news and learn what our team has been up to on twitter, linkedin and instagram.





























 

































 















back to top



&nbsp



&nbsp


 







about us  |  our approach  |  programs  |  join us  |  news  |  contact









