



job application for machine learning research scientist at nutonomy





















          apply now
        
machine learning research scientist

        at nutonomy
      
(view all jobs)

        boston, ma
      


nutonomy aims to be the first company in the world to launch an autonomous taxi system, and we are building up an awesome team to make this goal a reality. we are developing the first-of-its-kind complete solution for providing point-to-point mobility via large fleets of autonomous vehicles. this includes software for autonomous vehicles, smartphone-based ride hailing, fleet management, and teleoperation. the company's software has been tested extensively on public roads in the u.s. and singapore. we offer a unique opportunity to work closely with experts from a wide array of backgrounds, to create ground-breaking technology with potential for huge impact. as a member of a fast-growing start-up, you will be able to make a large contribution to the final product. for more information about nutonomy, visit: www.nutonomy.com
 
we are seeking a highly talented machine learning research scientist in boston, ma to support a variety of teams and projects, including the following:

create a generative model of traffic from data collected on-board our vehicles. validate trained models against traffic patterns observed in the real-world.
given a scenario template or generative model of traffic, explore the scenario space in a systematic way to find the most difficult / challenging set of parameters for our system.
create a data driven sensor model from data collected on-board our vehicles. 

things you’ll work on:

design and apply machine learning algorithms and evaluate their performance on real-world and simulated data sets 
translate generated algorithms into production-level code
collaborate with various teams to achieve objectives in improving system performance and simulation quality

 
education and skills you’ll likely have:

in-depth understanding of common machine learning algorithms (e.g., for classification, regression and clustering)
track record in advanced topics of machine learning (e.g., bayesian inference, hierarchical models, deep learning, gaussian processes, etc.)
practical experience in preparing data for machine learning (ideally data from the robotics domain)
fluency in in python, r, or julia (and their related data processing, machine learning, and visualization libraries)
programming experience in c++ preferred
masters or phd in cs, aerospace, robotics, or similar engineering field

bonus points:

familiarity with autonomous robotics and vehicle systems
experience with behavior modeling and intent interpretation research work

 







apply for this job

* required
        


first name *



last name *



email *



phone *




              location (city)
                *




resume/cv *


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 














cover letter


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 

















linkedin profile
    





website
    





how did you hear about this job? *






are you legally authorized to work in the united states?
    


--
yes
no








 



share this job:    













powered by 

 
      read our privacy policy
















