


amazon.jobs:software engineer - cambridge, ma - alexa machine learning platform

















































please enable cookies to continue
please enable cookies in your browser to experience all the personalized features of this site, including the ability to apply for a job.





returning candidate?

log back in!





software engineer - cambridge, ma - alexa machine learning platform



software engineer - cambridge, ma - alexa machine learning platform




job id 

562682




location 
us-ma-cambridge





posted date 

12/10/2017




company 
amazon corporate llc





recruiting team 

..











job description







interested in machine learning? how about amazon echo, speech and language understanding, or computer vision? we’re building the machine learning platform behind amazon echo and other amazon products and services. we’re working hard, having fun, making history; come join us! as a member of the digital products machine learning platform team, you will be responsible for leading the development and launch of core platform features. you will have significant influence on our overall strategy by helping define these features, drive the system architecture, and spearhead the best practices that enable a quality product.  the ideal candidate is clearly passionate about new opportunities and has a demonstrable track record of success in delivering new features and products. a commitment to team work, hustle, and strong communication skills (to both business and technical partners) are absolute requirements. creating reliable, scalable, and high performance products requires exceptional technical expertise, a sound understanding of the fundamentals of computer science, and practical experience building large-scale distributed systems. this person has thrived and succeeded in delivering high quality technology products/services in a hyper-growth environment where priorities shift fast. responsibilities:responsible for the development and maintenance of key system featureswill work with other team members to investigate design approaches, prototype new technology and evaluate technical feasibility.will work in an agile/scrum environment to deliver high quality software against aggressive schedules.







basic qualifications







bs/ms in computer science or equivalent5+ years of industry experienceprogramming in one or more object-oriented languages like java/python/c#/ruby/objective c/c++experience building scalable infrastructure or distributed systems for commercial online services







preferred qualifications







mastery of the tools of the trade, including a variety of modern programming languages (java, javascript, c/c++, objective c, python, ruby) and open-source technologies (linux, sqlite, opengl, spring, hadoop, spark, mesos, rails)experience developing cloud software services and an understanding of design for scalability, performance and reliability.development experience defining, developing and maintaining rest based interfaces.excellence in technical communication with peers and non-technical cohorts.sharp analytical abilities and proven design skills.strong sense of ownership, urgency and drive.demonstrated leadership abilities in an engineering environment in driving operational excellence and best practices.demonstrated ability to achieve stretch goals in a highly innovative and fast paced environmenthttps://www.amazon.jobs/alexa-machine-learningamazon.com is an equal opportunity-affirmative action employer – minority / female / disability / veteran / gender identity / sexual orientation






apply for this job onlineapplyshareemail this job to a friendrefer



share on your newsfeed
















