

machine learning engineer | cambridge consultants careers


































careers




visit our main sitevisit our main site







cambridge consultants careers






menushow/hide navigation


life @ ccmeet our peoplevariety and opportunitydevelop your careerculture and valuesgraduates and internsapplying to work at ccfind a job
machine learning engineer




















machine learning engineer
job ref: 200



we are looking for talented machine learning engineers at all levels with experience in developing and applying cutting edge machine learning techniques such as deep learning, reinforcement learning and nlp to join our growing team in boston.  this is a role that perfect for those that crave variety, have a creative mind and are looking for the opportunity to develop solutions in a wide range of applications and industries that are at the cutting edge of machine learning.
as a machine learning engineer you will have a strong background in machine learning theory as well as a track record of applying that theory to practical problems using state-of-the-art machine learning frameworks and accelerators such as gpus and fpgas.
cambridge consultants is a fantastic place to work and our wireless and digital services division is home to world class teams of engineers, scientists and designers working together to create innovative solutions built cutting edge machine learning systems.





full detailsdetails

main purpose of the job
you will design and develop machine learning systems for a range of clients from industries as diverse as warehouse automation to the internet of things. you work will encompass everything from first-principles thinking through to the development and deployment of live systems and you will collaborate closely with other disciplines on the project team to ensure successful delivery of a system that meets the clients needs.
type of work undertaken
we are pioneering the concept of the digital greenhouse in which models are rapidly trained and evaluated to converge on solutions that meet our clients’ requirements.  we utilize cutting edge gpu technology along with machine learning frameworks such as tensorflow, torch and caffe in order to develop systems for small to large scale deployments.
as machine learning is rarely a product in its own right, we work closely with our user experience and software teams to ensure a tight integration with the complete product offering.
specific responsibilities
this position involves taking roles within projects with exposure to all aspects of development from brainstorming to final delivery. on a daily basis you will be:
the design, development, training, verification and deployment of systems using machine learning
the design of interfaces between your code and that of other components in the complete system
contributing to ip development to expand and promote group capabilities
delivering high quality software design, documentation and implementation that meet defined requirements
collaborating with team members across multiple software teams
for more senior roles your responsibilities will include leading project delivery teams and contributing technical input to project bid teams.
minimum requirements
you must have at least 2 years of industry experience in hands-on development of machine learning systems.
we are looking for someone who is adaptable, self-motivated, and able to work under pressure. we will expect you to be able to work collaboratively as part of a team, but also have the initiative to work independently. you should have excellent interpersonal, communication, and presentation skills.
you must be eligible to work in the us without sponsorship.
your skill set must include:
a minimum of a bachelor’s degree in engineering, computer science or mathematics
practical experience of developing machine learning systems
strong software skills in python/r/c++
experience in using a machine learning framework such as tensorflow, torch and caffe
excellent math skills
good communication skills
a strong desire to learn and investigate new technologies
additional skills of interest include:
phd or master’s degree in a machine learning discipline
accelerating simulations using gpus
designing and training deep neural networks
computer vision and imaging
experienced candidates seeking a more senior role will be able to demonstrate technical leadership and have a track record of deploying machine learning systems in a commercial environment.
future prospects
cambridge consultants is committed to developing its employees’ careers and has a flexible policy for individuals’ capabilities and preferences. in addition to providing you with a stream of challenging development opportunities for a variety of clients in a spectrum of market sectors, this position could lead to more senior opportunities including group leadership, project management, and business development.
cambridge consultants is a growing company and promotion is linked to merit.

benefitsexpand or collapse me

choice of medical dental and vision plans
flexible spending accounts
18 vacation days for full time employees
competitive base salary
pay for performance
profit share bonus plan based on company and individual performance
401k with discretionary company match
life insurance
relocation assistance, if applicable
cambridge consultants is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer; m/f/d/v



locationexpand or collapse me









print job details


share
















apply
shortlist
back







location×

42.350294
-71.057129





related jobs





software engineer



job ref: 208|job in detailjob in detail




we are looking for enthusiastic, motivated software engineers across a wide range of areas.







mid-level embedded software engineer



job ref: 207|job in detailjob in detail




as an embedded software engineer at cambridge consultants you will get to design and develop software to solve interesting (and difficult) problems for many different companies, in many different industries.







signal processing engineer



job ref: 201|job in detailjob in detail




our growing boston team is looking for talented signal processing engineers at all levels with experience in designing and implementing wireless communications systems. 







senior embedded software engineer



job ref: 193|job in detailjob in detail




why restrict yourself to working for one company, when you can enjoy the variety and experience of working with many?  in this role, you will develop mission-critical software that serves a meaningful purpose.







principal embedded software engineer



job ref: 192|job in detailjob in detail




if you enjoy being part of from-scratch product and technology developments, and you are passionate about developing robust, mission-critical software that serves a meaningful purpose, then this role could be for you.







senior medical software engineer - embedded



job ref: 158|job in detailjob in detail




do you want to apply your software development skills to the entire product development lifecycle of intelligent, automated and connected medical devices?  if so, this is the position for you....







principal medical software architect



job ref: 151|job in detailjob in detail




this position offers the rare opportunity to take a leadership role in the medical technology business and help shape the future of intelligent, connected medical devices. if you are excited about solving complex, multivariate technical and systems challenges in the medical domain, are passionate about developing robust, safety-critical software that serves a meaningful purpose, and have excellent interpersonal and leadership skills, then this role could be for you. you will work with our clients and lead the creation of innovative multidisciplinary products and technologies in the medical space.











shortlisted jobs
your selection










benefitsview our company benefits



choice of medical dental and vision plans
flexible spending accounts
18 vacation days for full time employees
competitive base salary
pay for performance
profit share bonus plan based on company and individual performance
401k with discretionary company match
life insurance
relocation assistance, if applicable

cambridge consultants is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer; m/f/d/v








where we are
			united states







alert me to new jobs
sign up now
alert me







 latest news                        	corporate news from cc







contact us


+1 617 532 4700


send an email




 








linkedin
twitter
facebook
vimeo





© 2017 cambridge consultants ltd & cambridge consultants inc



part of the altran group



























