
perception scientist for marine autonomy job - sea machines robotics inc. - boston, ma | indeed.com






















skip to job description, searchclose









find jobscompany reviewsfind salariesfind resumesemployers / post job







upload your resume


sign in







:







what
where





advanced job search


 

 



 



job title, keywords or company


city, state, or zip












perception scientist for marine autonomy

sea machines robotics inc.
     -
boston, ma


job summarysea machines is a fast-growing startup specializing in autonomous technology for marine vessels. we’re passionate about applying practical a.i. to the massive global ocean transportation market. our products provide ships and workboats the intelligence to work remotely and give maritime operators the tools to effectively communicate with them. based in boston and operating globally, the company is crewed by an experienced team of mariners, engineers, coders, and autonomy scientists. our culture is dynamic, collaborative and biased towards execution.sea machines is venture-funded and we’ve introduced our first product, the sea machines 300. we’re located on the east boston waterfront in historic jeffries point, with quick access to the t and water taxis.we are seeking a perception scientist to lead the next stage of perception r&d at sea machines which tackles the exciting challenges of moving the world’s fleets to the era of autonomous operations. you will work with a range of perception sensors (ais, radar, camera, lidar), and fuse live data streams. a focus will be on machine vision, including slam, object detection, object tracking, visual domain understanding, and sensor calibration.responsibilities and dutiesin this role, you will be responsible for selecting and integrating available perception software & sensors and optimize for the marine domain as well as create new perception techniques and software to advance the research in the field for on-water transit operations.qualifications and skillsd. in computer science, electrical engineering, mechanical engineering, aerospace, controls, or a related field, with a publication record on relevant topics.proficiency developing software for complex products using c, c#, c++, python, opencv, tensorflow, keras, theano, and ros.experience collaborating with other functional teams to seamlessly integrate software and hardware systems.excellent communication and writing skills.experience with building autonomous systems containing both perception and control.deep understanding of estimation theory and filtering theoryworking knowledge of modern machine learning methods.working knowledge of planning and control theory.understanding and appreciation of hardened industrial systemsjob type: full-timerequired education:doctoraterequired experience:postdoc: 5 years

30+ days ago   -  save job









» apply now

            please review all application instructions before applying to sea machines robotics inc..






other jobs you may like


method development scientist phd

biotech partners -
					boston, ma
2 days ago

 easily apply



pharmacovigilance scientist

astrazeneca -
					boston, ma
6 days ago


scientist- human physiology/neurophysiology/b...

charles river analytics -
					boston, ma
1 day ago


scientist, seismology

air worldwide -
					boston, ma
air worldwide - 
					4 days ago


scientist cmc

takeda pharmaceutical -
					boston, ma
takeda pharmaceuticals - 
					6 days ago





 





let employers find youthousands of employers search for candidates on indeedupload your resume










about - help center


©2017 indeed - cookies, privacy and terms



let employers find you  upload your resume









indeed salary estimatewe know salary is a key component of your decision whether or not to apply for a job. so when the hiring company hasn’t provided a salary for a job, we look at salary data from related companies and locations to come up with a reasonable estimate for what you can expect.with over 450,000,000 salaries collected from other jobs and employees, we use one of the biggest salary databases in the world to inform these estimates. and because we are continually adding feedback from users like you, we are able to keep refining our accuracy.these salary estimates are not endorsed by the hiring companies and may vary from what’s actually offered, but we have a pretty great record of getting close enough for you to make an informed decision.is this your job listing? send us feedback to correct an inaccurate salary estimate.

