



job application for autonomous driving research engineering intern at nutonomy





















          apply now
        
autonomous driving research engineering intern

        at nutonomy
      
(view all jobs)

        boston, ma and santa monica, ca
      


nutonomy aims to be the first company in the world to launch an autonomous taxi system, and we are building up an awesome team to make this goal a reality. we are developing the first-of-its-kind complete solution for providing point-to-point mobility via large fleets of autonomous vehicles. this includes software for autonomous vehicles, smartphone-based ride hailing, fleet management, and teleoperation. the company's software has been tested extensively on public roads in the u.s. and singapore. we offer a unique opportunity to work closely with experts from a wide array of backgrounds, to create ground-breaking technology with potential for huge impact. as a member of a fast-growing start-up, you will be able to make a large contribution to the final product. for more information about nutonomy, visit: www.nutonomy.com
we are seeking highly motivated autonomous driving research/engineering interns to help in achieving our goals. intern positions are available in multiple teams including:


perception (camera, radar, lidar)


machine learning/deep learning (specifically santa monica, ca)


motion planning


control systems


devops

c++ and python software engineering

safety/validation/simulation


systems engineering


autonomous vehicle (mechanical/electrical)


parallel and high performance computing


if you are a high achieving engineering or computer science student (ms or phd track) that is looking to change the world, this is the place for you.







apply for this job

* required
        


first name *



last name *



email *



phone *




              location (city)
                *




resume/cv *


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 














cover letter


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 

















linkedin profile
    





website
    





how did you hear about this job?
    











 



share this job:    













powered by 

 
      read our privacy policy
















