


draper - engineering possibilities -machine intelligence scientist & engineer
















































please enable cookies to continue
please enable cookies in your browser to experience all the personalized features of this site, including the ability to apply for a job.







welcome page







returning candidate?

log back in!












machine intelligence scientist & engineer


job location

us-ma-cambridge

posted date

4 months ago



requisition id

2017-2497









overview






draper is an independent, nonprofit research and development company headquartered in cambridge, ma. the 1,600 employees of draper tackle important national challenges with a promise of delivering successful and usable solutions. from military defense and space exploration to biomedical engineering, lives often depend on the solutions we provide. our multidisciplinary teams of engineers and scientists work in a collaborative environment that inspires the cross-fertilization of ideas necessary for true innovation. for more information about draper, visit www.draper.com. our work is very important to us, but so is our life outside of work. draper supports many programs to improve work-life balance including workplace flexibility, employee clubs ranging from photography to yoga, health and finance workshops, off site social events and discounts to local museums and cultural activities. if this specific job opportunity and the chance to work at a nationally renowned r&d innovation company appeals to you, apply now www.draper.com/careers.  equal employment opportunitydraper is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an affirmative action and equal opportunity employer.   we understand the value of diversity and its impact on a high-performance culture.  all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, disability, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran status, or genetic information.    draper is committed to providing access, equal opportunity and reasonable accommodation for individuals with disabilities in employment, its services, programs, and activities. to request reasonable accommodation, please contact hr@draper.com.  








responsibilities






the candidate will work on cutting-edge efforts for us government and commercial customers as well as internal research projects. areas of work include; machine learning for a variety of applications, data analytics, predictive and computational modeling of complex systems, computational neuroscience, biological image processing, and rapid prototyping (coding) of completely novel tools. specific program areas include human generated data, sensors, basic ai research, intelligence analysis. the ideal candidate is an assertive self-starter, engaging colleagues and building ideas in a team-centered environment.








qualifications






expert in computational modeling and/or machine learning, algorithm development, data analyticsph.d. in computer science, machine learning, statistics, computational neuroscience, physics, or related field.creative individual, team player, outgoing, self-starter, entrepreneurscientific thinking and the ability to invent, a track record of thought leadership and contributions that have advanced the fieldsolid programming experience (e.g., matlab, python)good written and spoken communication skills.this position will require the ability to obtain a us security clearance. main requirement for a security clearance is us citizenship.stong preference to candiates with an active secret clearance 





options

apply nowapplyshareemail to a friendrefer


sorry the share function is not working properly at this moment. please refresh the page and try again later.

share on social media




connect with draper for future opportunities!




if you don't find the right posting in our career opportunities, you may submit your resume for future consideration.






application faqs









