toyota research institute - research scientist, accelerated materials design and discoveryresearch scientist, accelerated materials design and discoverycambridge, mamaterials – materials design & discoveryfull-timeapply for this jobthe toyota research institute (tri) is an r&d enterprise designed to bridge the gap between fundamental research and product development. it has been launched with mandates to (1) enhance the safety of automobiles, with the ultimate goal of creating a car that is incapable of causing a crash; (2) increase access to cars to those who otherwise cannot drive, including those with disabilities and the elderly; (3) help translate outdoor mobility technology into products for indoor mobility; and (4) accelerate scientific discovery by applying techniques from artificial intelligence and machine learning.  toyota believes artificial intelligence has significant potential to improve the quality of life for all people, bringing ease, comfort and safety to all aspects of life.the long-term vision of the tri accelerated materials design and discovery (amdd) program is to aid in the development of truly emissions free and carbon neutral vehicles for the toyota 2050 environmental challenge. realizing the vision will require the development of new materials for batteries, fuel cells, catalysts and more. the timescale for new materials development is traditionally measured in decades. our aim at tri is to merge advanced computational materials modeling, new sources of experimental data, machine learning, and artificial intelligence to dramatically accelerate the materials design and discovery process. in addition to tri’s growing internal research team, tri is supporting $35 million in external research contracts with a dozen us universities. we are looking for a research scientist to work on multiscale modeling of energy materials with an emphasis on continuum scale models. you will join a team of materials scientists, software engineers and data scientists within tri. you will collaborate with world class research groups at top universities who work at the leading edge of materials research for future energy solutions. this research position will help develop new models and modeling capability at the continuum scale, integrate that modeling with experimental data, and develop the capability to make predictions of macroscopic and systems level performance in battery and fuel cell applications.responsibilitiesconduct novel research related to continuum modeling of energy materials.  conduct research, publish papers, give talks at conferences, and generate intellectual property. develop new methods for integrating physics based modeling with data driven approaches. work with tri machine intelligence group and academic partners on the development of such capability.collaborate in research with academic partners who are part of the tri amdd program. research comprises groups working on experimental characterization, simulation and machine learning. work with tri software engineers and data scientists on the design and deployment of a cloud based infrastructure for materials research. help customize the general infrastructure to incorporate results from continuum modeling. qualificationsphd in materials science or related field. research experience and publication record in relevant areas. evidence or promise of the ability to develop an independent research program. strong programming experience and interest in learning modern software development. excellent communication skills.ability to lead a team and be a team player.ability to travel as needed. there will be some modest travel required, primarily to tri headquarters in california and occasionally japan.  tri provides equal employment opportunity without regard to the applicant's race, color, creed, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, religion, marital status, genetic information, veteran status, or any other status protected under federal, state or local laws.apply for this jobtoyota research institute home pagejobs powered by 