


careers center - data scientist - health
















































please enable cookies to continue
please enable cookies in your browser to experience all the personalized features of this site, including the ability to apply for a job.





returning candidate?

log back in!





data scientist - health



data scientist - health




job location 

us-md-columbiaus-ma-bostonus-ca-oaklandus-md-columbiaus-wa-seattleus-dc




id 
1911







more information about this job




overview







impaq international, a growing and dynamic social science research firm, provides high-quality research and impact evaluation services, policy analysis, survey research, technology solutions, organizational development, technical assistance and consulting services to u.s. and international government agencies, foundations, and the private sector.  impaq’s mission is to bring together exceptional people to develop innovative and rigorous approaches to evaluate the real-world impact of social policies and programs.  impaq offers five locations: our corporate headquarters in columbia, maryland, rated one of america’s best small cities; downtown washington, d.c., boston, massachusetts, seattle, washington and a bay area office in oakland, california. impaq has a diverse and collegial work environment and is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer (m/f/disability/veterans). impaq is seeking a self-motivated data scientist to join our exceptional team of experts who work to improve the health care of millions of people. the data scientist will be a member of the advanced analytics division and will primarily support health-focused projects. the ideal candidate will demonstrate strong problem solving skills and experience in quantitative data analysis, including statistical analysis, modeling, producing data visualizations, and translating of data analysis to report writing and presentations.  applicants must be currently authorized to work in the u.s. on a full-time basis.  employment-based visa sponsorship (including h-1b sponsorship) is not available for this position.







responsibilities







collecting, cleaning, analyzing, statistical modeling, and reporting using large and unstructured dataset using sas and sqluse statistical methods to analyze datadevelop algorithms to solve complex problemscommunicate data through visualizations, stories, and high-level summaries that offer actionable insightsanalyze data, summarize results and incorporate findings into reports tailored to client needs that include actionable recommendations (includes writing technical reports and making presentations to government clients)develop rigorous quality assurance approaches to validate methodological approach and resultsmanage client-facing projects and client relationshipsdevelop project work plans, and manage the execution of these work plans, including communicating technical and budget risks to project leadership







qualifications







educationmaster’s degree in economics, mathematics, statistics or related quantitative fieldknowledge, and experience3+ years proficiency in using sql, sas, r, and/or python to collect, analyze, manage and report data requiredexperience collecting, cleaning, analyzing, statistical modeling, and reporting using large and unstructured datasetsexperience using administrative claims data or health insurance claims data and topic areas such as medicare, medicaid, and other public health insurance programsfamiliar with data visualization techniquesfamiliar with machine learning, text analytics, and/or predictive modelingstrong problem solving and troubleshooting skillsskills  skilled in all aspects of data processing management and quantitative analyticsexcellent ability to communicate complex technical material, both orally and in writingstrong writing and editing skillsability to exercise strong attention to detail, problem solving, and organizational skills. includes the ability to produce consistent, high-quality deliverables while meeting tight deadlinesstrong communication skills, both verbal and written is a must. includes the ability to communicate complex technical material succinctly and accurately, both orally and in writingexcellent people skills with a customer service oriented approach, and a focus on building relationships with the client and project teamability to work independently as well as with a team in a fast-paced environment. includes the ability to be flexible to meet project priorities   





options

apply for this job onlineapplysharerefer this job to a friendrefer



share on your newsfeed




connect with us!




not ready to apply? connect with us for general consideration.





please note, your application will not be submitted for this position if you close your browser before completing each section


go back to the welcome page

application faqssoftware powered by icimswww.icims.com









