



wayfair careers - data scientist, algorithms



























 










                                                    wayfair careers                                            







                data scientist, algorithms
    
    

                            analytics - pricing & profitability            
                    boston,
                            massachusetts
                
                        


        apply
    



 we're seeking a talented data scientist interested in developing and deploying models with high business impact.  you have very strong coding skills (though not necessarily software engineering experience), and you want to improve and leverage them on data science projects. you're passionate about using advanced statistical methods to tackle tough problems as a data scientist and also about wrapping your solutions in clean code to make data products that are "built to last."  about algorithms unit:  algorithms unit is a close-knit group of data scientists within the pricing & profitability team that is responsible for dynamically adjusting prices on millions of products worldwide.  as the largest and fastest growing e-commerce technology company in the home space, wayfair interacts with a large volume of product data, user data and order data. this makes predictive analytics solutions critical to managing prices and providing core business solutions. algorithms unit develops solutions that affect billions of dollars in revenue and has end-to-end responsibilities for projects. these include data exploration, model selection, optimizing fit, running machine learning algorithms at scale and iterating with experiments for long-term improvement.  candidates should be data-savvy, have strong coding skills, and be driven to complete projects that make a business impact at scale. in this role you will work with a talented and diverse group of phds, data scientists, economists, business analysts as well as software engineering teams, so excellent communication skills and keen business sense are crucial.   responsibilities:develop algorithms that impact billions of dollars in revenue relating to pricing, costs, and other business problemsevaluate performance of current models and iterate on optimization (feature engineering, model selection, parameter tuning)scout areas of opportunity, create and lead projects from start to finishwrite production code and make valuable contributions to the algorithms unit toolkit (reusable code)maintain machine learning models, data processing stages, and scheduled jobs qualifications:ba/bs/ma/ms plus 2-4 years' experience working with data, or phddegree in any quantitative field where data and statistics are important, or mathematicsstrong statistical background; machine learning experience highly valuedstrong programming skills relevant to data science: preferred stack: python + ipython notebook, numpy, pandas, machine learning packagesr, matlab and other data/statistical language experience also valuedexcellent communication skills, including summarizing/describing your projectsprojects demonstrating data prowess and/or coding prowessbonus:programming experience on non-data related projects in any languagesexperience working with data in a business contextexperience with sql or other databasesexperience with big data (hadoop, spark)experience with git, github, bash / unix scriptingabout wayfair:wayfair inc. offers an extensive selection of home furnishings and décor across all styles and price points. the wayfair family of brands includes:wayfair, an online destination for all things homejoss & main, where beautiful furniture and finds meet irresistible savingsallmodern, a go-to online source making modern design more accessibledwellstudio, a design house with a decidedly modern vibebirch lane, a collection of classic furnishings and timeless home décorwayfair generated $3.14 billion in net revenue for the twelve months ended september 30, 2016. headquartered in boston, massachusetts with operations throughout north america and europe, the company employs more than 5,600 people.wayfair does not accept unsolicited candidate referrals or resumes / cvs from third-party vendors, including recruitment agencies. wayfair will not be responsible or liable for any fees or costs associated with such unsolicited submissions.  




        apply
    

        apply later    


            ← back to current openings        




share





linkedin




facebook




twitter




email










powered by jobvite










