 









data scientist - remote #0104 job at ptp in gold river, ca, powered by jobscore















































your browser cookies must be enabled in order to apply for this job. please contact support@jobscore.com if you need further instruction on how to do that.












data scientist - remote
professional services | gold river, ca | full time and contract






job description


about us
we are a growing company with a solid customer base, excellent compensation and benefits, and a collaborative yet flexible work environment.  if you enjoy challenging projects, using new technologies to deliver innovative business solutions, and you're interested in working for an entrepreneurial company, we may have a home for you.
ptp is looking for a data scientist to join our customer experience practice.  at ptp, we value aptitude and creativity as well as experience. we are a diverse organization and are looking for bright, passionate and committed professionals who strive to be the best at what they do.
responsibilities

use machine learning techniques to create scalable solutions for business problems
analyze and extract key insights from rich stores of customer data
implement highly innovative models for predictive learning for applications like recommendations and targeting
establish scalable, efficient, automated processes for large scale data analyses, model development, model validation and model implementation
research and implement novel machine learning algorithms for new business problems

requirements

phd. in computer science with a focus on machine learning
track record of having developed novel machine learning algorithms, sigkdd/icml/nips
hands-on experience in predictive modeling and analysis over large volumes of data
strong problem solving ability
strong programming skills in c/c++  or java
experience with r/sas/spss
experience with sql and mpp databases
experience with large scale distributed programming  paradigms – experience with the hadoop stack(hdfs/mr/pig/hive)
familiarity with aws and other cloud-based technologies that can be used with large mapreduce efforts
experience in free-text analytics / natural language processing (nlp)
excellent written and verbal communication and skills

compensation is doe and is extremely competitive.





return to ptp


apply for this job










apply for this job


apply for this job


share










not the right job?

join our talent network




return to ptp








powered by







applicant tracking













