


			data science analyst -			blast analytics & marketing -
			job board
		












































analytics consulting
digital marketing
industries
resources
blog
about
contact


 
 
 



data science analyst
blast analytics & marketing
location: rocklin, ca | type: full time | level: mid level






view all openings
works with: directors; senior analytics strategists; senior digital marketing strategists; analytics and reporting team members; other subject matter experts
position summary: we are actively seeking a data science analyst who can help build trust and execute with an understanding of statistics, analytics, client business questions and outcomes. specifically, the data science analyst is responsible for leveraging data, performing interesting analysis, and solving meaningful business problems with an understanding of our clients’ businesses, industries, and environments.
functioning as a key member of our business analytics consulting team, the data science analyst provides expert-level statistical integrity and importance, monitors for unconscious biases within analytics, creates impactful visuals, and is confident in r or python. this client-facing role will help organizations turn data insights into actionable recommendations to achieve their business goals. this is a full-time opportunity that will work in our rocklin, ca location.
who we are: blast analytics & marketing is a leading analytics and digital marketing consulting company supporting leaders to evolve their organizations. through our deep expertise and proven process honed over 19 years working with clients worldwide, we help enterprises transform their data into actionable insights and better decision making — to do more of what works and less of what doesn’t. our company is driven by smart, talented people who have a strong desire to learn and apply their knowledge, constantly evolving and pushing ourselves each day.
why work at blast: at blast, we believe in meaningful work. regardless of role, you'll have the opportunity to make your mark every day, solving challenges and seeing the positive impact of your contributions, as we support leaders to evolve their organizations.

join us to make your mark — on each other, our clients, our company, our industry, and the community. ask any employee why they come to work at blast, and they'll say "to make my mark!"
to be successful

you’ll need to align and contribute to our vision by extending our footprint into new service offerings that leverage advanced analytical skills
you will leverage your ability to build trust and develop strong personal internal and external relationship
you will “make your mark” by leveraging client data sets and delivering meaningful analysis for clients that meet or exceed their goals
you will evolve your intellectual curiosity and learning to help drive company and client success

primary responsibilities

participate and/or lead initiatives to build and mentor a team of technical business analysts
work closely with the team to creatively push limits and increase efficiencies
understand how to communicate with executives, technical and marketing teammates
work with marketing directors and business executives to help them define goals, understand levers, and get meaningful insights from their data they can share with their ceo
provides accurate analysis of a variety of data sources, including clickstream digital analytics data
works closely with our data visualization team to adhere to specification and based on desired business questions, recommends approaches
ensures data integrity is maintained throughout analysis
builds technical documentation to record techniques and make reproducible analysis
researches and recommends new tools and analytics techniques
helps blast innovate and maintain a leadership in analytics

knowledge, skills, & abilities

motivated and passionate with ability to work independently and as part of the team
ability to act with client orientation and be attentive and responsive to internal and external customer concerns
strong attention to detail
strong analytical skills, intellectual curiosity and business acumen
strong working knowledge statistical methodologies
expertise with python and/or r
confident in one or more technologies: sql, mapreduce, hadoop, or hive
experience with attribution modeling, pathing analysis (sankey), forecasting, and/or machine learning
experience with data visualization to communicate results
bachelor’s degree, or equivalent combination of education and experience

are you a fit?
blast analytics & marketing is a small yet rapidly growing company that is continuously inspired to learn and tackle challenges in digital analytics and marketing. to get an idea of whether or not you would be a fit within our culture, please review our core values.
compensation & benefits
in addition to a competitive salary based on experience, blast offers extensive benefits for full-time employees, including medical, dental, and vision insurance, paid time off, a 401(k) plan, and much more. we provide a supportive, challenging, and fun work environment to ensure teamwork, productivity, and employee happiness.
how to apply
if you like what you’ve read thus far, please complete the application form and submit your cover letter and resume in .pdf format. ​ we read cover letters and weigh them heavily in our decision to consider an applicant.​ we are not interested in placement agencies or companies at this time.



apply for this position











			* required fields
		










first name*





last name*





email address*





location 





phone number*





resume*


attach resume or
					paste resume





						attach resume as .pdf, .doc, or .docx (limit 2mb) or
						paste resume



 




						paste your resume here or
						attach resume file



 



cover letter*





who referred you to this position?*





what’s your citizenship / employment eligibility?*

no answeri am a u.s. citizen/permanent residentnon-citizen allowed to work for any employernon-citizen allowed to work for current employernon-citizen seeking work authorizationi am a canadian citizen/permanent residentother



linkedin profile url:*





in 150 characters or fewer, tell us what makes you unique. try to be creative and say something that will catch our eye!*


















 



 
 




 
 
 







