















career portals









job search
login / register




we are now hiring
req #2
data scientist


salary
ft
friday, november 17, 2017








as a data scientist, you will evaluate and improve sphera's products. you willcollaborate with a multi-disciplinary team of engineers and analysts on a widerange of problems. this position will bring analytical rigor and statisticalmethods to the challenges of measuring quality, improving customer products, andunderstanding the behavior of end-users, advertisers, and publishers.
responsibilities 
·        - work with large, complex data sets. solve difficult, non-routineanalysis problems, applying advanced analytical methods as needed. conductend-to-end analysis that includes data gathering and requirementsspecification, processing, analysis, ongoing deliverables, and presentations.
·        - build and prototype analysis pipelines iteratively to provideinsights at scale. develop comprehensive understanding of sphera data structuresand metrics, advocating for changes where needed for both products developmentand sales activity.
·        - interact cross-functionally with a wide variety of people andteams. work closely with engineers to identify opportunities for, design, andassess improvements to products.
·        - make business recommendations (e.g. cost-benefit, forecasting,experiment analysis) with effective presentations of findings at multiplelevels of stakeholders through visual displays of quantitative information.
·        - research and develop analysis, forecasting, and optimizationmethods to improve the quality of sphera's products. 
minimum qualifications
·        - ms degree in a quantitative discipline (e.g., statistics,operations research, bioinformatics, economics, computational biology, computerscience, mathematics, physics, electrical engineering, industrial engineering)
·        - 3-5 years of relevant work experience in data analysis or relatedfield. (e.g., as a statistician / data scientist / computational biologist /bioinformatician).
·        - experience with statistical software (e.g., r, julia, matlab,pandas) and database languages (e.g., sql).
preferred qualifications
·        - phd degree in a quantitative discipline as listed in minimumqualifications.
·        - 5 years of relevant work experience (e.g., as a statistician / computationalbiologist / bioinformatician / data scientist), including deep expertise andexperience with statistical data analysis such as linear models, multivariateanalysis, stochastic models, sampling methods. analytical engagements outsideclass work while at school can be included.
·        - applied experience with machine learning on large datasets.
·        - experience articulating business questions and using mathematicaltechniques to arrive at an answer using available data. experience translatinganalysis results into business recommendations.
·        - demonstrated skills in selecting the right statistical tools givena data analysis problem. demonstrated effective written and verbalcommunication skills.
·        - demonstrated leadership and self-direction. demonstratedwillingness to both teach others and learn new techniques.
 



salary
usa chicago
chicago, il, usa









 

apply now
see all jobs






privacy policy © 2017
















