



senior ai data scientist















































honeywell careers





chinese (simplified)
czech (czech republic)
dutch (the netherlands)
english (us)
french (canada)
french (france)
german (germany)
portuguese (brazil)
spanish (spain)
create a profile|log in







 











yes
no


















show details













apply now

terms of use





                    refer job:
                        









 add to saved jobs






back




senior ai data scientist
innovate to solve the world's most important challenges
honeywell is a leading software industrial business, harnessing the power of artificial intelligence, machine learning, deep learning, data science, software engineering, cloud, mobile, data & analytics, iot and design thinking. we incubate, deploy, and scale breakthrough offerings that will impact the lives of those around us and the world. there is no better time to join our team, showcase your skills and play a key part in advancing our offerings, market presence and culture.  as a senior ai data scientist with honeywell, this is your opportunity to: develop relationships with team members by being proactive, displaying a thorough understanding of the business and technical processes, and by recommending innovative solutions.provide artificial intelligence, machine learning, deep learning, data modeling, data mining, pattern analysis, and data visualization solutions to address customer needs.work with our business, technology, and data science teams to develop a strategy that will clearly outline how our enterprise platforms can enable business growth & productivity by seamlessly combining structured and unstructured data into a single, self-service analytical environment  our ai team builds deep learning solutions that are operationalized, and integrated into new and existing products. ​​​​



25
deliver innovative solutions with team members


25
address customer needs


25
build strategies to enable business growth and productivity 


25
rapidly research, solve and implement unique solutions 







you must have at least 4 years of deep learning experience – including design, development, and deployment of neural network models. at least 2 years of neural network modeling experience with tensorflow. at least 5 years of programming experience in python, c++, java, and/or go. at least 3 years of experience with modeling and visualization software (tableau, r, python, go, spss, sas). bachelor's degree in computer science, data science, engineering, applied mathematics or related field, or relevant skills / experience.   we value master’s degree in computer science, data science, engineering, applied mathematics or related field, or equivalent skills / experience.superb problem solving-abilities, and an intense drive to rapidly research, solve, and implement solutions that are unique within the marketplace.  we are tackling bleeding-edge ai challenges, and are seeking the very best minds to solve them.domain expertise in speech recognition, natural language processing (nlp), natural language understanding (nlu), and computer vision.expertise with kaldi, especially using deep neural networks.experience with deep learning frameworks like mxnet, theano, keras, cntk, caffe, torch, or chainer.experience with visualization software (tableau, spotfire, qlikview, d3.js).experience in programming, software engineering, data engineering, and devops.expertise in docker, kubernetes, pachyderm, and go.experience working with remote and global teams.ability to work collaboratively with development/implementation staff through the design and build of new business processes and systems



exempt

how honeywell is connecting the world
includes

continued professional development
relocation provided
some travel required

additional information
job id: hrd13723 category: engineering location: 715 peachtree street, n.e., atlanta, ga 30308 usa 
honeywell is an equal opportunity employer. qualified applicants will be considered without regard to age, race, creed, color, national origin, ancestry, marital status, affectional or sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability, nationality, sex, or veteran status.







send to a friend










  
                                    please wait...






email this job ad to your friend(s) by adding their email address(es) along with your details to the field below:   *separate each recipient email address with a comma.

recipient email address(es):
                                            
                         
                

your first name:
 
                                                                                    
                

your last name:
                                              
                          
                
select which language the email should be sent in.

language:

chinese (simplified)
czech (czech republic)
dutch (the netherlands)
english (us)
french (canada)
french (france)
german (germany)
portuguese (brazil)
spanish (spain)





send


















 










						this job opening is already listed as one of your interests. you cannot add the same job opening to your list of interests more than one time.

to see your list of interests, navigate to the application status tab within my profile
					

























account warning













log in
cancel
ok


















honeywell is an equal opportunity employer. qualified applicants will be considered without regard to age, race, creed, color, national origin, ancestry, marital status, affectional or sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability, nationality, sex, religion, or veteran status.
for more information on applicable equal employment regulations, refer to the  eeo is the law poster . 
please refer to the eeo is the law supplement poster & the pay transparency policy.
if a disability prevents you from applying for a job through our website, request assistance here. no other requests will be acknowledged.
terms & conditions | privacy statement
© 2017 honeywell international inc.









