




  data scientist – gpc – 250276






















































































 

menu togglemenu hide



why choose gpc

our culture
our people
diversity & inclusion
transitioning military
benefits


job areas
our brands

napa
altrom
balkamp
eis
gpc
hvpg
motion industries
rayloc
rmds
s.p. richards


students & grads
events
locations
job search
help











  data scientist – gpc – 250276
orri6fwq

  





data scientist


category: information technology
job id: 250276
brand: s.p. richards
location: smyrna, ga
major market: ga – atlanta
date posted: november 2, 2017


apply

keep me in mind
add to cart

<< back to previous page







job descriptions
a data scientist leverages their technical abilities to translate complex analytics into quantifiable value for our business. data scientists are responsible for proposing, analyzing, and then sharing insights gleaned from data. develops predictive systems and algorithms for identifying trends and driving business solutions. utilizes industry-leading standards for working with very large datasets to extract meaningful business information using statistics, machine learning, and heuristics.
essential duties and responsibilities include the following. other duties may be assigned.

ability to perform comprehensive data preparation and analysis utilizing multiple platforms, and retrieval processes.
work with merchandising, marketing and sales, to drive profitable business decision.
understand spr’s various contract assignments as well as the competitive market conditions that affect pricing, and provide ongoing analysis of those shifting conditions and their impact on spr’s margins and sales.
utilize advanced analytical methods and models to illustrate price performance and margin opportunity while maintaining and improving market share
will be given authority for pricing changes that result in new approaches to pricing gains and streamlines the process to improve efficiency and customer service
successfully influence and manage internal relationships to achieve the agreed to price and margin objectives.
has responsibility for specific customers, contracts, or programs.
this position requires up to 5% of travel.

professional qualifications:

to perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. 
the requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. 
reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. 
highly analytical with the ability to solve problems in a complex business environment, as well as interpersonal skills to work with internal and external customers.

specifically:

experience with analytic algorithms.
familiarity with price concepts such as elasticity, value-based pricing, bundling, promotional effectiveness.
ability to work with numerous cross-functional teams to implement software and effect successful change management.

personal characteristics:

strong work ethic
customer focused (internal and external) – always responding  in a timely manner and bringing resolution to their needs
confident coupled with humility 
excellent oral and written communication skills
strong team orientation with ability to work collaboratively and influence across the organization
open minded with ability to listen and learn

education and/or experience:

a bachelor’s degree is required. 3 to 5 years of experience in office products, facilities or pricing is desirable, but not required.  
ideal candidate will possess cpp certification (certified pricing professional) or various industry credentials.

computer skills:

proficient in microsoft tools (excel, access, powerpoint, and word) for significant data manipulation and presentations.  
excel skills should include the ability to use vlookups, pivot tables, graphing, sub-totals, nested formulas and table arrays. mastery of big data tools such as alteryx, tableau, r, python or sql is preferred.

language skills:

ability to read, analyze, and interpret general business periodicals, professional journals, technical procedures, or governmental regulations.  
ability to write reports, business correspondence, and procedure manuals.  
ability to effectively present information and respond to questions from groups of managers, clients, customers, and the general public.

mathematical skills:

ability to calculate figures and amounts such as discounts, interest, commissions, proportions, percentages. ability to apply concepts of basic algebra and geometry. 
ability to identify patterns within number sequences, ranges, and relational identities within numerical data strings.

reasoning ability:

ability to define problems, collect data, establish facts, and draw valid conclusions. 
ability to interpret an extensive variety of technical instructions and deal with multiple variables.

physical demands: 

the physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job.
while performing the duties of this job, the employee is frequently required to sit and use hands to finger, handle, or feel.  
the employee is occasionally required to stand; walk; reach with hands and arms and talk and hear.  
the employee must occasionally lift and/or move up to 10 pounds.  
specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, color vision, and ability to adjust focus.
 this position requires up to 5% of travel.

work environment:

the work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. 
the noise level in the work environment is usually moderate to low.



250276


share this jobshare on facebookshare on twittershare on linkedinshare by mail

  

  






    recruiting support contact # 1-855-856-7201 
facebooklinkedintwitter





 












scroll to top



