



big data developer















































honeywell careers





chinese (simplified)
czech (czech republic)
dutch (the netherlands)
english (us)
french (canada)
french (france)
german (germany)
portuguese (brazil)
spanish (spain)
create a profile|log in







 











yes
no


















show details













apply now

terms of use





                    refer job:
                        









 add to saved jobs






back




big data developer
innovate to solve the world's most important challenges
join a company that is transforming from a traditional industrial company to a contemporary digital industrial business, harnessing the power of cloud, big data, analytics, internet of things, and design thinking. you will lead change that brings value to our customers, partners, and shareholders through the creation of innovative software and data-driven products and services. you will work with customers to identify their high value business questions and work through their data to search for answers. you will be responsible for working within honeywell to identify opportunities for new growth and efficiency based on data analysis.be a member of a team that delivers contemporary analytics solutions for all honeywell business groups and functionsjoin a high-performing team and distinguished talent pipeline build strong relationships with leadership to effectively deliver contemporary data analytics solutions and contribute directly to business success



25
big data development 


25
machine learning solutions


25
cross team collaboration


25
modeling software 







you must havebachelor's degree in computer science, engineering, applied mathematics or related fieldwe valuesignificant experience with modeling and developmentsome experience with modeling software (r, python, spss, sas)experience bringing prototypes to production on hadoop or nosql platformsexperience with visualization software (tableau, spot fire, qlikview, d3.js)understanding of best-in-class model and data configuration and development processesmaster's degree in computer science, engineering, applied mathematics or related fieldexperience working with remote and global teamsconsistently makes timely decisions even in the face of complexity, balancing systematic analysis with decisiveness



exempt

how honeywell is connecting the world
includes

continued professional development
some travel required
relocation provided

additional information
job id: hrd15383 category: information technology location: 715 peachtree street, n.e., atlanta, ga 30308 usa 
honeywell is an equal opportunity employer. qualified applicants will be considered without regard to age, race, creed, color, national origin, ancestry, marital status, affectional or sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability, nationality, sex, or veteran status.







send to a friend










  
                                    please wait...






email this job ad to your friend(s) by adding their email address(es) along with your details to the field below:   *separate each recipient email address with a comma.

recipient email address(es):
                                            
                         
                

your first name:
 
                                                                                    
                

your last name:
                                              
                          
                
select which language the email should be sent in.

language:

chinese (simplified)
czech (czech republic)
dutch (the netherlands)
english (us)
french (canada)
french (france)
german (germany)
portuguese (brazil)
spanish (spain)





send


















 










						this job opening is already listed as one of your interests. you cannot add the same job opening to your list of interests more than one time.

to see your list of interests, navigate to the application status tab within my profile
					

























account warning













log in
cancel
ok


















honeywell is an equal opportunity employer. qualified applicants will be considered without regard to age, race, creed, color, national origin, ancestry, marital status, affectional or sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability, nationality, sex, religion, or veteran status.
for more information on applicable equal employment regulations, refer to the  eeo is the law poster . 
please refer to the eeo is the law supplement poster & the pay transparency policy.
if a disability prevents you from applying for a job through our website, request assistance here. no other requests will be acknowledged.
terms & conditions | privacy statement
© 2017 honeywell international inc.









