



job application for data scientist  at ignitionone





















          apply now
        
data scientist 

        at ignitionone
      
(view all jobs)

        atlanta
      


 
level up with ignitionone

work in a high-velocity environment.
be integrated in a very flexible and fast decision taking work environment.
integrate the r&d team in charge of new product development.
play with the latest machine learning technologies on truly “big data”

you should bring

possesses a masters/phd in mathematics, statistics, computer science, applied math, economics, or quantitative social sciences degree
have experience with predictive modelling / data mining / machine learning (e.g., mllib, r)_
solid spark and sql expertise
experience working with amazon "big data" stack (s3, redshift, dynamodb) preferable
strong problem solving / solution design skills
good communication skills
at least 2 years relevant experience
have a passion for using data sciences to solve real-world problems

 
we give in return 

competitive salary
401(k) match
flexible hours
yearly performance bonus
friendly workspace
ping-pong, foosball, and bubble hockey
all the coffee and soda you can drink

 
who is ignitionone?
ignitionone is a global marketing cloud leader. the company’s digital marketing suite (dms), with a powerful customer data management platform (dmp) at its core, simplifies life for marketers by providing an integrated suite of solutions that significantly improve digital marketing performance across all devices. the dms encompasses algorithmic media management across channels such as search, programmatic display, mobile, email and social; advanced data management; user scoring, lead optimization and website personalization. with a global footprint of over 450 employees in 17 offices across 10 countries, ignitionone is one of the largest independent marketing technology companies in the world.
 ignitionone currently scores over 300 million users monthly in 75 countries and powers more than $30 billion in revenue each year for leading brands, including general motors, centurylink, bridgestone, la quinta and fiat, as well as advertising agencies such as 360i, groupm and iprospect.  work in a dynamic, entrepreneurial environment alongside some of the smartest thought leaders in advertising technology. be the member of a team that delivers innovative marketing technology that simplifies marketers’ lives and drives performance to new heights. have fun collaborating on ground-breaking, challenging assignments where your opinion matters, you grow professionally and high performers are recognized and rewarded. and join a company on the cutting edge of digital marketing and technology that is regularly honored with awards and has been featured in major news media such as wsj, nyt, bloomberg, adage, adweek and more.  ignitionone retains the right to change or assign other duties to this position.  ignitionone provides equal employment opportunities to all persons without regard to race, color, creed, religion, national origin, ancestry, sex, sexual orientation, pregnancy, age, disability, medical condition, genetic information, marital status, gender identity, gender expression, veteran status, status as a victim of domestic violence, or any other protected status under federal, state or local law.
 







apply for this job

* required
        


first name *



last name *



email *



phone



resume/cv


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 














cover letter


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 

















linkedin profile
    





website
    





how did you hear about this job?
    











 



share this job:    













powered by 

 
      read our privacy policy
















