





















time warner, inc. - job details












  time warner careers                    company  about us management operating divisions corporate governance corporate responsibility tw investments global media group strategy    investor relations   newsroom  press releases press contacts media & identity materials    blog   careers  working with us areas of operation search for jobs     facebook link twitter link youtube link instagram link              company   investor relations   newsroom   careers   blog           working with us  why time warner benefits career development diversity going green our stories stay connected    areas of operation  our divisions job spotlight industries interests internships locations    search for jobs   login to access your profile or create a new account.            ?

careers home  pagejob seeker     toolssearch  openingssearch  resultscurrent pagejob  details   

job detailstweetjob 1 of 1   submit to job   send to friend   save to cart          posting job title  tech spring 2018 - tdc consumer analytics data scientist intern   time warner  division  turner   business unit_tbs  corpo    industry advertisingcable/broadcast television networksgames – development & publishingonline content/services    area of interest  internship/trainee   location  united states - georgia - atlanta   requisition #  161402br   position type  intern   posting job description  the turner story turner is a division of time warner along with our sister companies, hbo and warner brothers.  we are better known as the folks who bring you cnn, hln, tnt, tbs, adult swim, cartoon network, turner sports and so much more!   we are up to exciting things; new shows, new businesses like e league, and the best election coverage on tv.  check it out at http://www.turner.com/    see what it’s like to work at turner! follow us on instagram, twitter and facebook.   what does our department do?  turner data cloud, consumer analytics team develops and executes consumer level analytical solutions enabled by turner data cloud data. consumer analytics team partners with turner’s brands and businesses to leverage turner’s data assets to create modeling solutions for audience targeting, experience personalization and subscription management.    what will you be doing?   creating consumer audience models to drive advertising sales developing predictive modeling solutions to target audiences interested in turner programming and product adoption  mining extensive tdc database to craft consumer profiles that inform brand marketing decisions interpreting data, analyze results using statistical techniques  building reports and dashboards performing ad hoc analyses and data extraction requestswhat do we require from you?   currently enrolled in a graduate program in statistics, mathematics, computer science, operations research, analytics or closely related field.  strong communication skills.  the ability to successfully communicate analytic results, business insights, and resulting business implications to non-technical business partners strong programming skills and proficiency in one or more of the following: r, python, scala, sql, hive basic understanding of statistical and data mining concepts and procedures including: regression, machine learning algorithms, and experimental design  ability to quickly absorb and synthesize business strategies & processes must be available to work up to 20 hours a week  what’s so great about this internship?   an opportunity to work with a great team that is passionate about the same thing you are! networking opportunities to meet people that you’d like to know! a speaker series that introduces you to cool executives and what they do for the best brands!   internship dates are january 16, 2018 – may 4, 2018.  all interns are expected to work a minimum of 20 hours per week, and paid competitively based on location (relocation is not provided). participation in the internship program is reserved for students who are currently enrolled or within 6 months post-graduation.  most positions are targeted to upperclassmen and graduate students. candidates must be qualified and available to work at the time the application is submitted.  full-time employment is not guaranteed at the end of the program.  turner broadcasting system, inc. and its subsidiaries are equal opportunity employers and e-verify users. qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, or protected veteran status.     submit to job   send to friend   save to cart        


         disclamer help international privacy policies       legal and privacy caution concerning forward-looking statements sitemap contact us shop  © time warner 2014. all rights reserved.      



