 









data scientist (python, hadoop) #0030 job at softvision - tams in johns creek, ga, powered by jobscore















































your browser cookies must be enabled in order to apply for this job. please contact support@jobscore.com if you need further instruction on how to do that.












data scientist (python, hadoop)
data science | north atlanta, ga | contract











‹
›




job description


we are a transformational partner
we marry design and engineering language in ways that produce impactful and memorable experience journeys. we partner all the way to continuously improve our clients’ digital maturity. our studio network brings the optimal combination of skill, scale, and cost for each stage of the product development lifecycle. and to do this we need great transformational people that want to impact the projects and organizations that they work with. 
we are looking for an exceptional data scientist (python, hadoop) to work with our cross-functional team onsite at our client in the north atlanta area. core to this need are:
 

5-7 years of data modeling and machine learning experience 
5-7 years of python & r- language experience 
5-7 years of hadoop-bigdata experience 
proficiency dealing with extraction and manipulation of relational databases (sql) 
3 -5 years of experience in advanced statistical techniques such as predictive statistical models, customer profiling, segmentation analysis survey design and analysis and data mining 
3-5 years of experience of learning systems to analyze and filter continuous data flows. 
3-5 years of experience of analyzing large data sets to develop custom models and algorithms to drive business solutions. 
3-5 years of experience building large data sets from multiple sources to build algorithms for predicting future data characteristics. 
experience developing custom data models to drive recommendations. 
experience working in a cross-functional environment. 
excellent communication skills 
good team player 
able to work independently with minimum guidance

we are a thriving community of top technology talent that is globally connected. we engage, make, run and evolve the technology that makes many brands that you know and love. so let’s take this journey together. no matter where you are on your digital career roadmap, we can help you grow and have fun doing it. 
pack and move relocation available. softvision llc is an equal opportunity employer. no 3rd party agency candidates.
 





return to softvision - tams


apply for this job










apply for this job


apply for this job


share










not the right job?

join our talent network


location





return to softvision - tams








powered by







applicant tracking


















