






senior data scientist - duluth, ga














































company
sustainability
news
careers
investors
contact us














products
markets
insights




search










all jobs
































 









join talent community

 




































senior data scientist - duluth, ga





duluth

/

georgia

/

united states






apply 




about westrock
about westrock westrock (nyse: wrk) partners with our customers to provide differentiated paper and packaging solutions that help them win in the marketplace. westrock’s 45,000 team members support customers around the world from more than 300 operating and business locations spanning north america, south america, europe, asia and australia. learn more at www.westrock.com.
senior data scientist - duluth, ga3950 shackleford rd, hampton greenduluth, georgia, 30096united states title:                     senior data scientistlocation:             duluth, gathe opportunity: as a senior data scientist at westrock, you will be part of a cross-functional team dedicated to building and delivering innovative products with high impact and visibility within the organization. you will leverage advanced techniques, such as optimization, data mining, statistical analysis and mathematical modeling, to develop solutions that help us operate more efficiently and cost-effectively. you will be expected to engage with our business partners to identify data-driven opportunities and develop corresponding predictive/prescriptive models to solve business problems. you will be responsible for collecting, organizing, analyzing, and then sharing insights gleaned from data. how you will impact westrock: ·         formulates and applies mathematical modeling and other optimizing methods to develop and interpret information that assists the business with decision making, policy formulation and/or other management functions through solutions that save time, cost, or improve processes.·         analyzes large data sets and use programming languages such as python, r, ibm spss modeler to develop statistical and optimization models to drive business solutions. ·         builds large data sets from multiple sources to build algorithms for predicting future data characteristics. those algorithms will be tested, validated, and applied to large data sets. ·         setups and deploys models/solutions in a live/production environment.·         identify data needs and requirements for data collection, transformation and integration to support modeling needs·         prepare technical reports, presentations, and status briefings to communicate status and results of analysis to other business partners within westrock.·         researches current trends in the industry and utilizes up-to-date technology (for example, hbase, mapreduce) and analytical skills to support their assigned project.·         mentors and develops the technical and business skills of other data scientists. what you need to succeed: required experience: ·         master's degree in industrial engineering, operations research, computer science, math or related quantitative field. ·         5+ years of experience in model prototyping through use of optimization tools including cplex, ampl, or opl·         strong programming, data mining and machine learning background ·         2+ years of experience in manufacturing and/or transportation industry·         analytical and detail oriented with the ability to prioritize, execute and deliver projects on time·         must be comfortable with unstructured, fast moving and constantly evolving high growth environment·         committed team player who is proactive, takes ownership over the success of their projects, and works hard to support those around them·         demonstrated ability in innovation to create business value and influence business strategy preferred qualifications: ·         phd in industrial engineering, operations research, computer science, math or related quantitative field. ·         experience with machine learning, graph analysis and statistical modeling.·         proficiency in at least one statistics/data analysis package, such as spark, python or r. ·         proficiency in at least one programming language, such as python or java, etc. ·         experience with deploying data science solutions in a live, production environment.·         solid coding practices including good design documentation, unit testing, and integration testing.  ·         strong communication and data presentation skills; ability to communicate with data-driven stories ·         ability to quickly adapt to new technologies, tools and techniques ·         flexible and responsive; able to perform in a fast paced, dynamic work environment and meet aggressive deadlines ·         ability to work with technical and non-technical team members *cbwrk

apply 









apply 






join our talent community
see the latest jobs, news and events by joining our talent community:










tel # (optional)



location (optional)



current company (optional)



current job title (optional)






if you would like to be contacted about new positions at westrock, please check here.




email frequency


daily
weekly
monthly




categories






countries






states






cities






{{alert.msg}}


sign up 


or sign in socially










facebook













linkedin









if you click to sign-in above, you will be added to the westrock talent network. your information will not be shared or sold.﻿









westrock company is creating and maintaining a diverse workforce. for us, diversity and inclusion are business drivers and we take it very seriously. it all starts with a diverse employee base operating in an inclusive environment. an environment where everyone feels valued and respected.
click here to find our affirmative action and equal employment opportunity policy statement.
westrock participates in e-verify e-verify información en español
accessibility
we do understand that some of our candidates may require a reasonable accommodation to complete any part of the westrock application process, including use of this website. if this is the case for you, please contact us at: email: talentacquisition@westrock.com or phone: 1-800-762-5836. only phone calls pertaining to disability assistance will be returned. one of our talent acquisition or human resources members will work with you to provide alternative means to submit your application.





















































































markets

beauty & personal care
beverage
commercial printing
food
foodservice
healthcare
home & garden
retail
tobacco







products

corrugated containers
containerboard
folding cartons
paperboard
dispensing solutions
displays
kraft paper
pulp
partitions & protective packaging
recycling







countries

brazil
china
india






company
careers
customer resources
supplier resources
sustainability
forest resources
news
investors
land and development
contact us

















© 2016 westrock company. all rights reserved worldwide. legal/privacy













