




  it intern, data scientist - digital content services - summer (2) – gpc – 215774






















































































 

menu togglemenu hide



why choose gpc

our culture
our people
diversity & inclusion
transitioning military
benefits


job areas
our brands

napa
altrom
balkamp
eis
gpc
hvpg
motion industries
rayloc
rmds
s.p. richards


students & grads
events
locations
job search
help











  it intern, data scientist - digital content services - summer (2) – gpc – 215774
215774

  





it intern, data scientist – digital content services – summer (2)


category: administrative/clerical
job id: 215774
brand: genuine parts company
location: atlanta, ga
major market: ga – atlanta
date posted: november 13, 2017


apply

keep me in mind
add to cart

<< back to previous page






  job description 
ready for a challenging and rewarding internship? this is your opportunity to work hands on with the leading automotive parts company and unleash your technology skills to move our business forward!
the digital content services group at gpc is offering a 2018 data science summer internship program for talented, curious and enthusiast graduate level students. as part of the group, you will be working with the data science team and business managers to use data-driven analytics to explore strategic business opportunities and prescribe actionable recommendation to the business. 
the intern will be responsible for assisting with multiple projects in any function, process, or business unit within the company. while the intern will report through the gpc digital content services, throughout the internship, the intern will be exposed to several other departments within the organization and may be required to assist in other areas as necessary.
  responsibilities  


as a data scientist at gpc, you will be working on cutting edge technologies and ai projects with focus on nlp, deep learning, product recommendation, regression analysis, clustering, and classification.


develop hypothesis, and provide exploratory analysis, data mining, and  machine learning techniques to identify strategic business opportunity


work on large scale data set


interact with internal team to sell new ideas and elicit feedback 


  qualifications  


currently pursuing graduate level degree in computer science, statistics, mathematics, industrial engineering, electrical or computer engineering.


strong problem solving and analytical skills


experience using statistical modeling and ml algorithms in r or python


experience using programming language


sql experience is preferred


excellent written, communication, and presentation skills. 


possess confidence, flexibility and be a team player


ability to manage multiple tasks at once and prioritize work


ability to communicate with individuals across all levels of the organization


strong organization skills and attention to detail


overall grade point average of at least 2.75 


proficient in microsoft office applications (especially excel)


strong work ethic


  closing statement  
genuine parts company (gpc) is a service organization engaged in the distribution of automotive replacement parts, industrial replacement parts, office products and electrical/electronic materials.  our products and services are offered through a network of over 2,000 operations, geographically located across the united states, canada and mexico.
with over 80 years of distribution expertise, our well-positioned, regionally located distribution centers provide us with the unique ability to adapt our product and service lines to better suit our customers’ needs.  gpc’s commitment and reputation for just-in-time service position us as a critical partner in our customers’ success.
gpc began to diversify its product lines over 30 years ago into several end-markets with strong growth opportunities.  although each product is unique, we have leveraged more than 80 years of distribution know-how to manage these businesses the gpc way – continually improving operating and distribution efficiencies.
we are an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.


215774


share this jobshare on facebookshare on twittershare on linkedinshare by mail

  

  






    recruiting support contact # 1-855-856-7201 
facebooklinkedintwitter





 












scroll to top



