




  senior data scientist - supply chain – 112623 – job details








































































































 

menu togglemenu hide 

click here for disability assistance
returning user

in-store hourly and distribution center hourly
corporate other
careerdepot/thd associate


news
careerdepot




 


 

we’re making some enhancements!
on monday, november 14th from 5 a.m. to 1 p.m. est, we'll be updating our application process to better serve you. if you are attempting to apply to an impacted job during that time, please check back after 1 p.m. est on monday, nov. 14. the following job types are impacted:
• in store hourly        • distribution center






click here for disability assistance
returning user
news
careerdepot













 home
 search jobs
 culture

diversity
military commitment


 career areas

retail careers
merchandising careers
supply chain careers
home services careers
contact center careers
corporate careers
technology careers
civilian careers


 campus connect
 events
 our brands
returning user

in-store hourly and distribution center hourly
corporate other
careerdepot/thd associate


news
careerdepot











  senior data scientist - supply chain – 112623 – job details
112623


job details



search jobsjob typecontact centercorporate/otherin-store and distribution center hourlysenior data scientist – supply chain
job id: 112623
store id:
brand: the home depot
location: atlanta, ga
job type: corporate/other
category: logistics/supply chain/import

apply



position purposea senior data scientist leverages their technical abilities to synthesize complex analytical tasks into easily understood data-driven stories. senior data scientists are responsible for proposing, analyzing, and then sharing insights gleaned from data. develops predictive systems and algorithms for identifying trends and driving business solutions. utilizes industry-leading standards for working with very large datasets to extract meaningful business information using statistics, machine learning, and heuristics. operates with minimal supervision and once given general assignments, prioritizes and executes tasks. works within a defined scope of the business and proposes new solutions based on data analyses. regularly communicates the output of their work and provides recommendations to senior leadership.major tasks, responsibilites and key accountabilities

25%-designs and develops algorithms and models that use large datasets to derive business insights. 
25%- establishes scalable and efficient processes for large scale data analyses, model development, and model implementation. 
20%- presents findings in easily understood ways and focuses on how data analytics fits into the bigger picture. 
20%- mentors and develops the technical skills of sr. analysts and data scientists. 
10%- defines best practices and articulates a clear vision for how data analyses should be done.

nature and scopeposition reports to senior director supply chainthis position has no direct reportsenvironmental job requirementsenvironment: located in a comfortable indoor area. any unpleasant conditions would be infrequent and not objectionable.travel: typically requires overnight travel less than 10% of the time.additional environmental job requirements: minimum qualificationsmust be eighteen years of age or older.must be legally permitted to work in the united states.
education required:the knowledge, skills and abilities typically acquired through the completion of a bachelor’s degree program or equivalent degree in a field of study related to the job.years of relevant work experience: 5 yearsphysical requirements:most of the time is spent sitting in a comfortable position and there is frequent opportunity to move about. on rare occasions there may be a need to move or lift light articles.additional qualifications:

b.s. in computer science, math, engineering, or related quantitative field. 
work experience with sql server, teradata, oracle, or comparable database systems. 
expert knowledge in large scale information retrieval and statistical analysis.

preferred qualifications:

work experience in data mining, statistical analysis, and/or forecasting. 
a master’s degree in analytics, engineering, math, statistics, or related quantitative field. 
advanced technical skills to retrieve, manipulate, analyze and interpret large amounts of data (>1 billion rows). 
a thorough understanding of sql and advanced knowledge of one other scripting/compiled/statistical programming language (vba, python, r, sas, .net, c++, java). 
prior direct experience in analyzing the relevant subject matter (supply chain, merchandising, operations).

knowledge, skills, abilities and competencies:

critical thinking skills to identify the strengths and weaknesses of alternative solutions; ability to understand and foresee implications of new information for current and future problems solving. 
an unquenchable intellectual curiosity for getting at the underlying story being told within the data. 
ability to build scalable systems and solutions that analyze huge data sets and make actionable recommendations. 
strong written and verbal communications skills. ability to persuade, inform, and influence others based on findings. a track record of taking complex results and communicating them in an easily understood way. 
ability to quickly adapt to new technologies, tools, and techniques.



 

share this jobshare on facebookshare on twittershare on linkedinshare by mail
   

 





corporate info 
about the home depot
partnerships

investor relations
privacy & security
contact us

business customers 
contractor services
government customers
homedepotlink
hdconnect
supplier diversity

other sites 
homedepot.com
the home depot canada
the home depot mexico
the home depot moving
the home depot foundation
the home depot gear

legal disclaimer 
the home depot is an equal opportunity/m/f/vet/disabled employer. available positions may vary by location. bilingual candidates are encouraged to apply. © 2005-2017 homer tlc, inc. all rights reserved. know your rights. click here to view federal labor law posters.







 

 















scroll to top



