



sr data scientist















































honeywell careers





chinese (simplified)
czech (czech republic)
dutch (the netherlands)
english (us)
french (canada)
french (france)
german (germany)
portuguese (brazil)
spanish (spain)
create a profile|log in







 











yes
no


















show details













apply now

terms of use





                    refer job:
                        









 add to saved jobs






back




sr data scientist
join a team recognized for leadership, innovation and diversity
honeywell is a leading software industrial business, harnessing the power of cloud, mobile, data & analytics, iot and design thinking. with the addition of our state-of-the-art software and innovation center in midtown atlanta, we will incubate, deploy and scale breakthrough offerings that will impact the lives of those around us and the world. there is no better time to join our team, showcase your skills and play a key part in advancing our offerings, market presence and culture.  join our atlanta team and… be the agent of change and a catalyst that is transforming a fortune 100 industrial company into a connected, digital, software industrial leader. work collaboratively with like-minded, innovative and passionate people and together bring ideas from inception through to market launch. have endless opportunities to progress your career as you develop new offerings that impact a wide range of industries, improve the quality of life, and truly change the world.   as a data scientist with honeywell, this is your opportunity to: develop relationships with business team members by being proactive, displaying a thorough understanding of the business processes and by recommending innovative solutions provide data modeling, mining, pattern analysis, data visualization and machine learning solutions to address customer needs work with our businesses and infrastructure teams to develop a strategy that will clearly outline how our enterprise platforms can enable business growth & productivity by seamlessly combining structured and unstructured data into a single, self-service analytical environment this position is eligible for the student loan paydown benefit​​



35
scripting


35
visualization


30
machine learning











you must have bachelor's degree in computer science, engineering, applied mathematics or related fieldat least 2 years of modeling/development experience at least 2 years of experience with modeling software (r, python, spss, sas)   we value master’s degree in computer science, engineering, applied mathematics or related fieldexperience bringing prototypes to production on hadoop and/or nosql platforms experience with visualization software (tableau, spotfire, qlikview, d3.js) experience working with remote and global teams ability to work collaboratively with development/implementation staff through the design and build of new business processes and systems  



exempt

how honeywell is connecting the world
includes

relocation provided
some travel required


additional information
job id: hrd9431 category: engineering location: 715 peachtree street, n.e., atlanta, ga 30308 usa 
honeywell is an equal opportunity employer. qualified applicants will be considered without regard to age, race, creed, color, national origin, ancestry, marital status, affectional or sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability, nationality, sex, or veteran status.







send to a friend










  
                                    please wait...






email this job ad to your friend(s) by adding their email address(es) along with your details to the field below:   *separate each recipient email address with a comma.

recipient email address(es):
                                            
                         
                

your first name:
 
                                                                                    
                

your last name:
                                              
                          
                
select which language the email should be sent in.

language:

chinese (simplified)
czech (czech republic)
dutch (the netherlands)
english (us)
french (canada)
french (france)
german (germany)
portuguese (brazil)
spanish (spain)





send


















 










						this job opening is already listed as one of your interests. you cannot add the same job opening to your list of interests more than one time.

to see your list of interests, navigate to the application status tab within my profile
					

























account warning













log in
cancel
ok


















honeywell is an equal opportunity employer. qualified applicants will be considered without regard to age, race, creed, color, national origin, ancestry, marital status, affectional or sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability, nationality, sex, religion, or veteran status.
for more information on applicable equal employment regulations, refer to the  eeo is the law poster . 
please refer to the eeo is the law supplement poster & the pay transparency policy.
if a disability prevents you from applying for a job through our website, request assistance here. no other requests will be acknowledged.
terms & conditions | privacy statement
© 2017 honeywell international inc.









