



springbot - jobs: fullstack software developer - apply online

























all jobs
→
fullstack software developer

fullstack software developer
atlanta, georgia, united states · development

descriptionspringbot is seeking a fullstack developer to join one of the fastest growing and most innovative startups in atlanta. we’re looking for someone who wants to take an idea, design the underlying architecture to support it, and build the production ready code. responsibilities include attending system design discussions, pair programming with other like minded developers, collaborating with a ux and qa team, and, of course, developing the software.this job can stuff your resume with the latest buzzwords like big data, machine learning, agile development, and cookie pool, but that’s the least important thing about it. this job is hard and, you may not know it yet, but it’s your dream job.requirements 3+ years in web programming 3-5+ years ruby and ruby on rails experience 3+ years working with angularjs (not “experimenting”… actual coding) proven ability to architect, build, maintain and scale a complete system from blank page to production experience integrating distributed/disparate systems via api experience scaling a system (clustering, memory leak, bottleneck identification, etc) experience defining and implementing rest apis hands on experience with frontend development (html, scss, javascript, jquery, etc) ensure the technical feasibility of ui/ux designs strong interpersonal and collaboration skills ability to articulate, defend and evolve an idea an always-positive-but-brutally-honest attitude extra credit: solid database experience (postgresql, mongodb, redis) magento, shopify, bigcommerce or other ecommerce platform development build/deployment process management facebook, twitter, pinterest, instagram, or other 3rd party api experience data science/analytics background open source contributions benefitswhy join springbot?this position is based in atlanta, right in the heart of midtown atlanta. we offer a base salary with a competitive bonus plan, ridiculously good benefits, and an extremely fun environment. we also work with some of the world’s most innovative companies like facebook, instagram, mailchimp, adroll, google, amazon, towerdata, and more. for a behind the scenes look at the life of the springbots, visit our facebook and instagram pages!ready to join one of atlanta business chronicle’s best places to work for the past three years? apply below with your resume and a short note telling us why want to make the world a better place for small and medium businesses (and what you like to do for fun!).live our values:• we deliver on our promises• we celebrate what makes us unique• we grow customers into fans• we live the journey as a teamabout springbotspringbot provides advanced ecommerce marketing technology for small to mediumsize retailers. we make the overwhelming task of running and tracking multi-channel marketing campaigns ridiculously simple, from e-mail and social marketing, to online ads, amazon marketplace and more. the key is springbot’s integration with big commerce, magento and shopify to deliver the power of data management, marketing automation and analytics. we then take that information and make data-driven marketing recommendations specifically tailored for your needs.

apply for this job











springbot website

powered by
workable





