


careers | beyondsoft |data scientist














































please enable cookies to continue
please enable cookies in your browser to experience all the personalized features of this site, including the ability to apply for a job.







welcome page







returning candidate?

log back in!












data scientist


job locations

us-tx-dallas





job id

2017-1235


# of openings

1









overview






beyondsoft is a leading it consulting and managed services provider specializing in consulting, product engineering, it services and business process outsourcing. beyondsoft combines business and technology experience to help clients successfully deliver on each of their web based initiatives. we are looking for an experienced data scientist to join our team in dallas in a this is a full-time, long term benefited position with competitive compensation. in this role you will identify meaningful insights from complex datasets and develop machine-learning based models for improving merchandising processes. you will maintain awareness of emerging analytics and big-data technologies. you will design efficient algorithms with programming languages and tools for data manipulation and statistical analysis, as well as efficient data mining frameworks with related tools.  








responsibilities






assist with developing the new prediction platformanalyze large amounts of data to discover trends and patternsbuild predictive models and machine-learning algorithmsprocess, cleanse, and verify the integrity of data used for analysisenhance data collection procedures to include information that is relevant for building analytic systemspropose solutions and strategies to business challenges








qualifications






bachelor’s degree in computer science, mathematics, or related field2+ years of experience using r or python for data analytics2+ years of experience using sqlunderstanding of machine-learning algorithms and advanced statistics: regression, time-series forecasting, clustering, decision trees, exploratory data analysis methodology, simulation, scenario analysis, modeling, optimization, unstructured data analysis, and neural networksexperience designing algorithms with statistical program environmentsexperience with integration and cleansing of disparate or incomplete data sets to deliver insightnosql, data warehouseexperience developing bi reporting and dashboardstrong verbal and written communication skills and ability to lead effectively across teamscomputer skills: ms office, ms project, ms visiohands-on aws experience preferredcertifications are a plus





options

apply for this job onlineapplyshareemail this job to a friendrefer


sorry the share function is not working properly at this moment. please refresh the page and try again later.

share on your newsfeed




need help finding the right job?




we can recommend jobs specifically for you!

click here to get started.







application faqssoftware powered by icimswww.icims.com









