


careers & employment | wunderman |vice president, data science - machine learning
















































please enable cookies to continue
please enable cookies in your browser to experience all the personalized features of this site, including the ability to apply for a job.







welcome page







returning candidate?

log back in!












vice president, data science - machine learning


job locations

us-tx-dallas





requisition id

2017-3921


# of openings

1


category 

data and analytics









overview






 wunderman is looking for a smart, vice president, data science that is intimately familiar with turning data into advanced solutions to drive positive client outcomes. the vice president will lead the data sciences practice area and will oversee all data science and machine learning across the agency, reporting to the north america analytics delivery lead. in this role, you will lead the charge to advance the machine learning practice by providing client facing thought leadership and building on our current capabilities in our advanced analytics practice.     








responsibilities






 own the strategic direction and delivery for the data science vertical across the agency while working collaboratively with other functional teams.act as a subject matter expert within the space of machine learning, artificial intelligence, and applied statistics; designing and overseeing projects involving large scale cookie level analysis, advanced attribution, and moreoversee the data science road map based on the business priorities working with all divisionsmanage existing team of 10-15 data scientists to help execute on your strategic visionact as a thought leader in the industry. contribute to the success of other team members by providing training and leadership in thought generation, analysis, coding, and mentorshipsupport new business by partnering with our account teams and engagement managerspartner with data engineering leadership to design a world-class machine learning infrastructure and production environmentchampion a data-driven culture and drive long-term business value creation through development of best-in-class data science capabilitiescreate new analyses, models, and/or tools that deliver insights that enable the business partners to further their objectivemanage a pipeline of projects/products and their on-time delivery








qualifications






 phd in statistics, data science, econometrics, computer science, operations research, or related quantitative degree is required.expert command of artificial intelligence and machine learning, statistical modeling, state-of-the-art tools, and engineering best practices.minimum of 12 years analytics experience in business environment6+ years of work experience in the data scientist role with fortune 500 companies or top consulting background. experience in digital analytics or marketing analytics requiredexceptional people manager, mentor, and leader. you will have a minimum of 5 years of experience managing a team of data scientists with high retention rates.  must be collaborative.proven track record of overseeing multiple data science and machine learning projects at all stages, from idea generation to objectives formulation to implementation and deliverables.proficiency in both python and r.expert knowledge of data mining techniques and tools with sas, python, r, etc. is required. expert proficiency interrogating relational data bases with sql and with using, managing workload with distributed computing tools (map/reduce, hadoop, hive, etc.)excellent project management skills, with a proven track record of on-time and within-budget delivery. exceptional ability to manage priorities across multiple stake holders.must be willing to travel up to 25%





options

apply for this job onlineapplyshareemail this job to a friendrefer


sorry the share function is not working properly at this moment. please refresh the page and try again later.

share on your newsfeed




stay updated with wunderman!




not ready to apply? connect with us for general consideration.






application faqs









