


careers center - etl developer


















































please enable cookies to continue
please enable cookies in your browser to experience all the personalized features of this site, including the ability to apply for a job.







welcome page







returning candidate?

log back in!












etl developer


job locations

us-tx-us hq addison





flsa status

exempt


type

regular full-time









mission






solera’s global data sciences & services team is seeking an exceptional etl developer to normalize and cleanse our massive dataset of automotive service, maintenance and repair data into data analytics tools to assists players in the automotive space and to support the design and development of bi solutions. this is a unique opportunity to join a new, multidisciplinary team of creative and passionate individuals destined to change the face of the automotive industry. we are focused on the company’s agenda, and work on high-impact projects utilizing big data analytics and machine learning to improve supply chain knowledge and vehicle and parts information. we’re a lean, flat and experimental team combining science and engineering to identify and inject high-value insights into automotive processes at their point of highest impact. the team works in quick iterations, using the techniques and algorithms best suited for solving the challenging problems of the automotive space.








position 80s






what you’ll be doing:advocate, evangelize and build data-fueled products that help our customers improve their supply chain and product mix.develop complex data transformations using elt and etl approach for bi data warehouse modelsprovide mappings from proprietary data sets to industry standard data sets to allow data to be shared in common nomenclaturetranslate business requirements into detailed data requirements by performing source data profiling and requirement analysisbecome an expert on our automotive datasets working with cross-functional team members of our industry-leading software packages to identify and prioritize actionable, high-impact insights across a variety of core business areas.








qualifications






required qualificationsbachelors or equivalent degree in a business, technical, or related fielddemonstrated strong sql server, hadoop, data warehouse, etl design and development expertise:at least 7 years of experience with data warehouse etl design, development and maintenance with successful implementation of large enterprise bi solutionsexperience in working with rdbms mainly sql server 2008/2012 and oracle 11gexperience in hadoop data lake (cloudera distribution or hortonworks) as source for data cleansing and transformation into data warehouse environmentstrong technical experience in designing and implementing data-intensive data warehouse solutionshigh proficiency writing sqlstrong knowledge of logical and physical data modeling (relational, dimensional data modeling)





options

apply for this job onlineapplyshareemail this job to a friendrefer


sorry the share function is not working properly at this moment. please refresh the page and try again later.

share on your newsfeed






application faqssoftware powered by icimswww.icims.com









