

















microsoft careers: my job details






skip to main content





































                this site uses cookies for analytics, personalized content and ads. by continuing to browse this site, you agree to this use.
            learn more















 microsoft careers
















sign in


















account central

apply history

help center

job alerts

job watch list

recommended jobs

resumes


















welcome!









if you have an existing microsoft careers account, sign in below. if you are new to the site, create a microsoft careers account by clicking on one of the following:













microsoft


linkedin


google


facebook




cancel










working at microsoft 


benefits and perks


businesses and teams


mission and culture


office locations




students and graduates 


apply


events and webinars


find your recruiter


international opportunities


programs




find a job 


students and graduates


industry professionals




things to do 


create a careers account


explore recommended jobs


locate events and webinars


find your recruiter


review interview tips





working at linkedin
































 escalation engineer









as cloud goes main stream, azure leads the way. azure’s continued success depends on providing customers a world class support experience. love services, support in the cloud? customer obsessed? data driven? collaborator? communicator? troubleshooter? debugger? then come & join arr team to lead, serve, and make the difference. azure rapid response (arr) team is oneservice team award winner and a true global team staffed in america, asia, and emea.  &nbsp we provide end-to-end azure solution support for the most critical enterprise customers and the top startup’s.  &nbsp we are looking for true technical leaders to join us and lead the way!the successful candidate should demonstrate great accountability, customer obsession and technical leadership.  &nbsp beyond troubleshooting complex technical problems and managing critical situations, the candidate should be passionate of driving bigger impacts – being increasing customer values, improving diagnostic tools and/or driving product feedback.  &nbsp responsibilities include:• ability to build business relationship with key customer contact and tam, and enhance the trust.• ability to quickly identify customer issues to specific azure services or azure platform; and being able to conduct in-depth diagnostics on azure platform and services, and be able to work with engineering group effectively.  &nbsp   &nbsp • respond to and resolve critical customer issues.• develop tools, scripts to automate troubleshooting activities and explorer diagnostic opportunity on tenant based monitoring/alerts. basic qualifications:• bachelor’s degree in computer science or 5 years of business experience. • 5 years of it,technical customer, or product support experience. soft skills:• customer communication & situation management.  &nbsp • accountability & team work.• driving cross-team engagement/collaboration.expert knowledge of one or more of the following domains: • azure core platform (compute, storage, networking)• subject matter expert of os system admin (windows, linux), and networking  &nbsp • data platform: sql, azure db• application development & debugging experience (c/c++/c#, python, node.js, etc.) • azure application development or support experiences with azure paas services (redis cache, service bus, event hub, cloud service, iot suite, mobile apps, etc.)• web site troubleshooting and coding experience: iis, azure web apps, php, apache, tomcat, wordpress, etc.• bigdata: hdinsight/hadoop, machine learning, azure stream analytics• identity and authentication, sso/federation, ad/azure ad, experience:• at least 5 years of it or technical support experience (in tier 3).  &nbsp ability to meet microsoft, customer and/or government security screening requirements are required for this role. these requirements include, but are not limited to the following specialized security screenings:microsoft cloud background check: this position will be required to pass the microsoft cloud background check upon hire/transfer and every two years thereafter. microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. if you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com.









job #






322044
1072447







locations





united states, las colinas (tx)






job families





customer service & support






teams





cloud and enterprise










empower your future.








































apply
when you complete this final step in the application process, your resume will be sent to staffing and you will get an email confirmation of submission. you may be contacted directly be a recuiter if there is a match. 


select resume
the resume you have selected will be used for the below job openings.




edit this resume

create new resume













the resume noted above will be used for applying to the position(s) listed in the table. please make sure that these are the openings you are interested in.
are you ready to proceed with submitting your resume for the above position(s)?





affirmative action information


microsoft is committed to a diverse work environment and this commitment is demonstrated, in part, through its affirmative action program. to assist us in meeting this commitment, we encourage you to complete the below information for our records. this information is solicited from all individuals applying for u.s. - based positions with microsoft, as required by u.s. law. completion of this section is strictly voluntary. declining to provide this information will not result in any adverse treatment of your application for employment. the ethnicity/race categories listed below are defined by the u.s. equal employment opportunity commission.





gender

malefemaledecline to state



race/ethnicity
view definitions
close definitions









what prompted you to apply to microsoft?






























































        to confirm that you are a person and not an automated program, please enter all the characters you see in the image. you can avoid this by signing in.
        


				
            notes:your computer must be able to play audio in wav format. the audio file is intentionally distorted to prevent automated programs from reading it. if the file plays in another program, remember the numbers, return to this page, and then type them in the field.
        
			









play audio































            update contact information?

some of the contact information you just provided is different from what we have in your existing microsoft careers account. do you want us to update your account with the latest information?











            great! updates to your account have been saved.









you need a resume to apply


to apply for this job, you must to submit a resume. 


if you already have a saved resume,
sign in













            the selected job(s) were added to your job watch list
        













feedback





x












get started


explore recommended jobs


search jobs


manage job alerts


manage resumes




life at microsoft


diversity


jobsblog


news center


stories


the fire hose


women at microsoft




tips and tools


apply history


frequently asked questions


help center


interview tips


job watch list




connect with us





































legal
privacy
contact us
©2017 microsoft





















