











director, data science at capital one - us






















skip navigation




usa
united kingdom
canada








menu
        





teams & roles






















life at capital one

overview
benefits
inclusion
military


campus careers



saved jobs












director, data science
apply now
save
job id r38243 updated date 11/17/2017
location plano, texas
plano town center (31064), united states of america, plano, texasat capital one, we’re building a leading information-based technology company. still founder-led by chairman and chief executive officer richard fairbank, capital one is on a mission to help our customers succeed by bringing ingenuity, simplicity, and humanity to banking. we measure our efforts by the success our customers enjoy and the advocacy they exhibit. we are succeeding because they are succeeding.                                               guided by our shared values, we thrive in an environment where collaboration and openness are valued. we believe that innovation is powered by perspective and that teamwork and respect for each other lead to superior results. we elevate each other and obsess about doing the right thing. our associates serve with humility and a deep respect for their responsibility in helping our customers achieve their goals and realize their dreams. together, we are on a quest to change banking for good.director, data scienceat capital one, data is at the center of everything we do. when we launched as a startup we disrupted the credit card industry by individually personalizing every credit card offer using statistical modeling and the relational database, cutting edge technology in 1988! fast-forward a few years, and this little innovation and our passion for data has skyrocketed us to a fortune 200 company and a leader in the world of data-driven decision-making.department summary:here in dallas, we are supporting our financial services division. using data science to improve our mortgage, home equity, and auto loan businesses.the focus of this role is in capital one’s financial services line of business, specifically in auto and home loan products and services.role summary:as a data scientist at capital one, you’ll be part of a team that’s leading the next wave of disruption at a whole new scale, using the latest in distributed computing technologies and operating across massive datasets to unlock the big opportunities that help everyday people save money, time and difficulty in their financial lives.on any given day you’ll be:-evaluating the landscape of tools to understand what will unlock new capabilities and performance and what is just a distraction-leading multiple teams and initiatives involving exploration and analysis of data across a variety of data platforms-motivating and mentoring a team of data scientists to grow their skills and careers-leveraging extensive, deep technical knowledge and team leadership skills to drive the development of data science solutions and implement data-driven recommendations and outcomes-building relationships within capital one across the external data science community to continue shaping the capital one data science brand and attracting top-tier talentthe ideal candidate will be:-technical: you have hands-on experience developing data science solutions, from concept to production, and selecting the right tool for the job at hand.  you understand modern cloud computing.  you have experience prototyping and implementing data science solutions in an enterprise.  you know r, scala, and/or python.-communicator: you can communicate complex ideas clearly.  your team knows their priorities and you manage expectations with your broader cross-functional stakeholder network ad leadership team-innovative. you continually research and evaluate emerging technologies. you stay current on published state-of-the-art algorithms and models.-business-minded.  you can analyze customer needs and drive towards impactful business outcomes.-leader. you challenge conventional thinking and traditional ways of operating and you work with stakeholders to identify and improve the status quo.twenty-five years after capital one was started it’s still led by its founder. be ready to join a community of the smartest people you’ve ever met, who see the customer first, and want to use their data skills to make a difference.basic qualifications:- bachelor’s degree plus 8 years of experience in data analytics, or master’s degree plus 6 years of experience in data analytics, or phd plus 4 years of experience in data analytics-at least 3 years’ coding experience with open source programming languages such as r, python, or scala;-at least 3 years’ experience developing commercial data science solutions leveraging one or more of the following: operations research, natural language processing, machine learning, deep learning, video/image analysis, or time-series analysis.preferred qualifications:-master’s degree or ph.d. in a “stem” major (science, technology, engineering, or math)-at least 1 year experience working with aws, azure, or similar cloud platform-at least 5 years’ experience developing commercial solutions in python, scala, or r-at least 5 years’ experience developing commercial data science solutions leveraging one or more of the following: operations research, natural language processing, machine learning, deep learning, video/image analysis, or time-series analysis.-at least 3 years of experience mentoring junior data scientists and providing technical governance and oversightcapital one will consider sponsoring a new qualified applicant for employment authorization for this position. no agencies please.  capital one is an equal opportunity employer committed to diversity and inclusion in the workplace. all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, race, color, age, national origin, religion, physical and mental disability, genetic information, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity/assignment, citizenship, pregnancy or maternity, protected veteran status, or any other status prohibited by applicable national, federal, state or local law. capital one promotes a drug-free workplace.  capital one will consider for employment qualified applicants with a criminal history in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable laws regarding criminal background inquiries, including, to the extent applicable, article 23-a of the new york correction law; san francisco, california police code article 49, sections 4901-4920; new york city’s fair chance act; philadelphia’s fair criminal records screening act; and other applicable federal, state, and local laws and regulations regarding criminal background inquiries.if you have visited our website in search of information on employment opportunities or to apply for a position, and you require an accommodation, please contact capital one recruiting at 1-800-304-9102 or via email at recruitingaccommodation@capitalone.com. all information you provide will be kept confidential and will be used only to the extent required to provide needed reasonable accommodations.for technical support or questions about capital one's recruiting process, please send an email to careers@capitalone.comcapital one does not provide, endorse nor guarantee and is not liable for third-party products, services, educational tools or other information available through this site.capital one financial is made up of several different entities. please note that any position posted in canada is for capital one canada, any position posted in the united kingdom is for capital one europe and any position posted in the philippines is for capital one philippines service corp. (copssc).
apply now





share this job

facebook
twitter
linkedin
email







our location





job alerts
sign up here for job alerts and other communications from capital one.
email addressinterested inselect a job category from the list of options. select a location from the list of options. finally, click “add” to create your job alert.job category*select a job categoryanalyticsbrand/marketingbusiness bankingcafécafé ambassadorcafé coachcampus opportunitiescommercial bankingcompany builderscustomer advocatescustomer caredata engineeringdata sciencedesigndevopsengineeringfinanceinformation technologyinvestinglegalmachine learningmarket leadmclean data engineeringmclean devopsmclean engineeringmclean machine learningmclean softwareoperationspeople & workplacepersonal bankingproduct innovatorsproduct managementproject/process managementrisk management/auditsalessoftware engineeringstrategytechnology explorerstechnology operationsstate*select locationalabama, united statesarizona, united statescalabarzon, philippinescalifornia, united statescolorado, united statesconnecticut, united statesdelaware, united statesdistrict of columbia, united statesengland, united kingdomflorida, united statesgeorgia, united statesillinois, united statesindiana, united stateskansas, united stateslouisiana, united statesmaryland, united statesmassachusetts, united statesmichigan, united statesminnesota, united statesmississippi, united statesmissouri, united statesnebraska, united statesnevada, united statesnew jersey, united statesnew york, united statesnorth carolina, united statesohio, united statesoklahoma, united statesontario, canadaoregon, united statespennsylvania, united statesquebec, canadasouth carolina, united statestennessee, united statestexas, united statesutah, united statesvirginia, united stateswashington, united stateswisconsin, united statesadddata science, plano, texas, united statesremovestrategy, plano, texas, united statesremovecompany builders, plano, texas, united statesremoveproduct innovators, plano, texas, united statesremoveremove

confirm email






*required field




similar jobs


senior manager, project management
plano, texas


senior associate, loan servicing copywriter
plano, texas


product/technical writer
plano, texas









keywords



location




radius
radius
5 miles
15 miles
25 miles
35 miles
50 miles



search





match jobs to your linkedin profile.

welcome back, login








dallas campus







more than just a bank







our take on interviews









facebook
linkedin
instagram
twitter
youtube
glassdoor



legal

privacy
security
terms & conditions
patriot act cert. *
service members civil
relief act

member fdicequal housing lender


capital one is an equal opportunity employer committed to diversity and inclusion in the workplace. capital one promotes a drug-free workplace.
all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, race, color, age, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, protected veteran status, disability or other protected status.
if you have visited our website in search of information on employment opportunities or to apply for a position, and you require an accommodation, please contact capital one recruiting at  1-800-304-9102 or via email at recruitingaccommodation@capitalone.com. all information you provide will be kept confidential and will be used only to the extent required to provide needed reasonable accommodations.
capital one is a federally registered service mark. all rights reserved. blank check® is a registered trademark of capital one services, llc. capital one does not provide, endorse, nor guarantee and is not liable for third party products, services, educational tools, or other information available through this site.
fortune and fortune 100 best companies to work for are registered trademarks of time inc. and are used under license. from fortune magazine, march 15, 2017 ©2017 time inc. used under license. fortune and time inc. are not affiliated with, and do not endorse products or services of, capital one financial corporation.
*plugins required [adobe®reader®]
e-verify® is a registered trademark of the u.s. department of homeland security 


this link opens in new tab.















