













 bank of america job - sas/sql analytics & reporting analyst- enterprise fraud analytics & reporting team (efar) , phoenix, az; westlake village, ca; newark, de; dallas, tx;  - united states













skip to main content
menu





navigation

home 
our company

our business


working here

culture, inclusion, people
military & veterans
benefits & advantages
career development & learning
recruitment tips


locations
career areas

search jobs
events
applicants with disabilities

united states
change location

argentina
australia
bahamas
bahrain
belgium
brazil
canada
cayman islands
chile
china
colombia
costa rica 
france
germany
greece
hong kong
india
indonesia
ireland
isle of man
israel
italy
japan
jersey
lebanon
luxembourg
malaysia
mexico
monaco
netherlands
norway
panama
peru
philippines 
poland
portugal
russia
saudi arabia
singapore
south africa
south korea
spain
sweden
switzerland
taiwan 
thailand
turkey
united arab emirates
united kingdom
united states
uruguay
venezuela







search jobs





sas/sql analytics & reporting analyst- enterprise fraud analytics & reporting team (efar)
phoenix, az; westlake village, ca; newark, de; dallas, tx;  - united states
job number: 17075654
back to job search results


apply now for this job >



job description

job description:responsible for enterprise analytics and reporting performing end to end analysis to show fraud performance and metrics at an enterprise level and at detailed unit and segment level. this position requires interaction across multiple business partners to understand and develop metrics and understand processes. responsibilities also include ability to conduct ad-hoc analysis as needed and present the data to stakeholders. key functions involve working with the transformation pillar teams to support the setup of the data infrastructure, data mart designs and maps, maintain repository of centralized data definitions and methodologies, working with other partners within efmc to understand data needs, share reporting with stakeholders within and outside of efmc, and participate in routines with various stakeholders for data reviews and make recommendations where gaps exist. ability to multitask and work in a fast paced fraud environment. proven track record of converting concepts to analysis to cases for change in business environment. experience with risk and gap analysis, ability to prioritize and manage multiple tasks. strong analytic skills including the ability to take complex issues and break them down to simple solutions. 2-5 years analytics and reporting experience.job description & responsibilities:develop and maintain centralized reporting in collaboration with efmc and line of business partnersdevelop enterprise executive dashboards and reportingsupport data management and setup of enterprise wide data marts and table viewsconduct analytics to identify business opportunities and recommendationspresenting reporting results at various forums internal and external to efmcwork with cross functional project teams to bring the teams to consensus on definitions and metricssupport setup of infrastructure for centralized repositories and data definitionsconduct variance analysis and reportinggather data from various sources and areasreview data for completeness and accuracyrequired skills & experience:3-5+ years of sas & sql experienceexcel and other applications to support large data aggregation and managementadvanced data analytics in a big data environment within a risk & fraud function is idealexperience in reporting and automation toolsdata and reporting experience and attention to detailability to create trend reports and discuss anomalies with cross functional teamsability to present the data and communication skillsmanage, structure, and consolidate large amounts of data (building in validation to ensure accuracy)ability to collect, organize and disseminate significant amounts of information with attention to detail and accuracyeffective multi-tasker, able to manage multiple filesdesired skills & experience:experience with machine learning and/or other advanced data mining technique such as python/r/java, etc.experience with statistical modeling techniques including matching algorithm, time-series analysis, user profiling, clustering and classification.tableau and microstrategy experience a plusknowledge of orcit and ops risk loss reporting is a plusknowledge of processes, products represented by data (enables validation, resolution); operational risk and fraud experience data analysis experience and attention to detailability to work with cross functional teamsexperience with financial institutions in the area of fraud analytics and risk managementexceptional written and verbal communication skills, a team player with open mind.experience with digital banking, payments and/or payment networks.experience with fintech solution vendors and/or consulting projects implementation.strong intellectual curiosity and passionate about innovation. master degree in quantitative discipline, economics, statistics or computer science desiredenterprise role description:responsible for performing more complex analysis and modeling for multiple products with the goal of maximizing profits and asset growth and minimizing risk and operating losses and/or other financial and marketing exposures. develops complex program models to extract data and uses multiple databases to acquire statistical and financial data. utilizes portfolio trends to propose policy/procedural changes within segmentation structure to produce optimal results. excels at risk/reward trade off. build relationships with external agencies. participates in the rollout of company-wide pilot programs developed as a result of programmed models. duties primarily include the regular use of discretion, independent judgment, the ability to communicate with multiple levels of management and the utilization of core leadership behaviors. sas and/or microstrategy experience preferred; 2-5 years experience preferred.


posting date: 11/09/2017 
location: phoenix, az, catalina bldg, 1825 e buckeye rd, westlake village, ca, 31303 agoura rd (ca6917), newark, de, deerfield i, 655 paper mill rd, dallas, tx, dallas infomart, 1950 n stemmons fwy,  - united states 

travel: yes, 5% of the time 


full / part-time: full time 
hours per week: 40 
shift: 1st shift  
weekly  schedule: monday-friday 8am-5pm 




already have a candidate profile? log in to access and update your current profile to access and update your current profile.  
assistance for applicants with disabilities
bank of america is committed to ensuring that our online application process provides an equal employment opportunity to all job seekers, including individuals with disabilities. if you believe you need a reasonable accommodation in order to search for a job opening or to submit an application, please visit the applicants with disabilities page. 
diversity & inclusion
at bank of america, our commitment to diversity and inclusion is helping us to create not only a great place to work, but also an environment where our employees, our customers and our communities around the world can reach their goals and connect with each other. all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. 
frequently asked questions 
need to know how to apply online, view a list of your submitted job applications or reset your password? visit our faq section for answers to these questions and more.

bank of america employees
bank of america employees should access the internal jobs database.






return to top


faq | 
events | 
campus | 
about us | 
returning job seekers | 
pay transparency | 
privacy policy | 
eeo statement | 
site map 


© bank of america, n.a. member fdic. equal housing lender. © 2014 bank of america corporation. all rights reserved.

follow us:

go to twitter page

twitter page :  bofa_careers
twitter page :  ml_careers


go to facebook page
go to linkedin page

linkedin page :  bank of america
linkedin page :  merrill lynch 






life's better when we're connected 








thanks for your interest in this job
we're updating our website and regret that we cannot accept your job application right now. please try again after 1 a.m. gmt monday, 12 december. 
thank you for your patience!
life’s better when we’re connected ®











