

director- software engineer/application development - iri - chicago il














menu

back
 



apply





job title
director- software engineer/application development

job location
chicago, il

job type
full-time regular

position id
2017-289

job description
director - software development
if you enjoy not just using state-of-the-art technologies but define those technologies that lead the way for very heavy big data analytics and set example for rest of the industry, passionate about building scalable and distributed technologies that drive actionable and prescriptive insights from trillions of data points in matter of seconds, we are looking for you! iri is looking for a vp of software development with the vision, experience, and proven track record to lead the development of our leading world class analytical platform. this person will be responsible for designing, developing innovative ways for users to drive actionable and prescriptive insights from trillions of data records. this role will require close partnerships with business partners and other development teams in the organization, sometimes other organizations. he or she will be responsible for defining the technology strategy/vision/roadmap, successful delivery of multiple programs and provide leadership in an innovative and fast-paced environment. he or she will participate in the overall planning, execution, and success of team, work closely with research and other development teams, actively participate in recruitment of candidates for technical positions and mentor technical staff.
 
what are the qualifications?- bs/ms in computer science or equivalent- 8+ years of software development and management experience- 5+ years of experience leading a software and/or analytics development team through full development lifecycle.- experience working with and managing geographical distributed teams (india, europe) is required- expertise in python, java, sql, html5- hands on working experience with data/analytics- experience building complex, high-performance, and highly-available distributed software systems that have been successfully delivered to customers.- experience in cpg and market research industry is preferred.- a passion for people management and mentorship.- strong verbal and written communication skills.- demonstrated focus on continuous improvement of systems, software and processes through data analysis and metrics.


about usas one of the original innovators in big data, iri integrates the world’s largest set of otherwise disconnected purchase, media, social, causal and loyalty data to help cpg, retail, over-the-counter health care and media companies grow their businesses. we combine this data with predictive analytics to uncover new consumer insights and integrate them on the most technologically-advanced, cloud-based visualization platform. learn more about us here and on youtube.
our benefitswe offer a comprehensive benefit package (health, paid time off, 401(k), etc.) with additional unconventional offerings such as volunteer time off, flexible work arrangements, virtual doctor access, etc., along with the unrivaled benefit of working with our people - the best in the business.
our culturewe’re thrilled we get to work on the most interesting business challenges facing the cpg and retail industries. we regularly uncover new “aha moments!” by closely collaborating with our colleagues and developing competencies centered around the following values: collaboration, personal development, executional excellence, client growth, innovation and creativity.
iri is an equal opportunity employer. we evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, veteran status, and other legally protected characteristics. the eeo is the law poster is available here: dol poster. iri is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodations to individuals with disabilities. if you need a reasonable accommodation because of a disability for any part of the employment process, please send an e-mail to talent.acquisition@iriworldwide.com and let us know the nature of your request and your contact information.
#li-dnp


apply








