 









senior data scientist - ml, dl, & nlp #0001 job at highpoint technology solutions, inc. in tempe, az, powered by jobscore











































highpoint technology solutions, inc.



your browser cookies must be enabled in order to apply for this job. please contact support@jobscore.com if you need further instruction on how to do that.












senior data scientist - ml, dl, & nlp
engineering | tempe, az | full time






job description


about us:
highpoint technology solutions is the leader in mobile and financial aid automation solutions for peoplesoft higher education with close to 130 institutional clients and 3 million students. highpoint mobile is integrated out-of-the-box with oracle peoplesoft enterprise campus solutions via smart phone and mobile devices such as iphones, ipads, android phones and other tablets. we offer a broad range of automation tools that accelerate campus administrator activities as well as student success solutions that engage students into the campus experience, educate them on their personal development options, and empower them with tools for academic success.
responsibilities:
we’re looking for a visionary coach/player with a professional history as an excellent data scientist to lead research into ai/chatbot technology for our mobile install base. if you have designed architecture and/or implemented components of digital assistants/nlp/ai solutions like apple siri, microsoft cortana, amazon alexa, google home/assistant, ibm watson, and/or salesforce einstein please apply today! 
requirements:

implement business or end consumer software solutions leveraging nlp (natural language processing) and/or voice interfaces
design architecture and/or implemented components of self-service frameworks or ml platforms/pipelines to enable developers to apply algorithms and/or to tune ml models for real world challenges (e.g. to implement ecommerce chatbots or to identify crucial insights in a large number of images)
leverage deep learning frameworks to solve real world challenges (not only in research or pocs) 

bonus points:

m.s. or ph.d. - machine learning - deep learning - natural language processing 
statistics - predictive modeling - operations research - informatics and tools, e.g., spss, sas, r, python
java, c++, json, xml 
agile development environments
credentials from top schools and/or top employers who are leading in data science (amazon, google, facebook, microsoft, apple, netflix, airbnb, uber, etc.)






return to highpoint technology solutions, inc.


apply for this job










apply for this job


apply for this job


share










not the right job?

join our talent network




return to highpoint technology solutions, inc.








powered by







applicant tracking













