


find a job - general dynamics mission systemscognitive computing algorithms engineer

















































please enable cookies to continue
please enable cookies in your browser to experience all the personalized features of this site, including the ability to apply for a job.







welcome page







returning candidate?

log back in!












cognitive computing algorithms engineer




posted date

2 months ago



id

2017-28394



job location


usa-az-scottsdale


required clearance

ts/sci with polygraph


category

engineering-systems


employment type

full time


hiring company

gdms - legacy gdais rate structure









basic qualifications  






bachelor's degree in systems engineering, a related specialized area or field is required (or equivalent experience) plus a minimum of 5 years of relevant experience; or master's degree plus a minimum of 3 years of relevant experience. agile experience preferred








responsibilities for this position






general dynamics mission systems is seeking an cognitive computing algorithms engineer that will contribute to the development of a cognitive computing embedded project, as well as productize and optimize other prototype algorithms and solutions. the project is a research-based initiative taking concepts through development to test and ultimately fielded into an integrated system.we are looking for an experienced cognitive computing algorithms engineer.  the engineer will join a fast paced, rapid prototyping team focused cognitive computing algorithms engineer on applied cognitive computing (including artificial intelligence and machine learning) solutions for embedded applications.    representative duties and tasks:develop novel, complex algorithms for autonomous embedded systems that must interpret large amounts of input state, constraint, and event data to generate actions and scheduled to achieve higher level goalsuse cognitive technologies to partially and fully automate critical systems for scheduling, planning and resource allocationteach and mentor others in the use of cognitive computing concepts and algorithmsexperience with a representative set of the following cognitive computing concepts/algorithms: artificial intelligence, machine learning, deep learning, artificial neural networks, multilayer perceptron, radial basis function, maxnet, self-organizing map, feedforward network, reinforcement learning, generative models, machine reasoning, unstructured content/data analytics, data science, knowledge extraction and representation, feature extraction, principle component analysis, clustering, classification, machine vision, natural language processing, statistical relational learning, expert systems, pattern recognition, large scale data mining,  probabilistic methods, bayesian networks, hidden markov models, inference engines, training, and digital signal processing (dsp) for software defined radiosmathematically minded with experience in manipulating high-volume, high-dimensionality data from varying sources to highlight patterns, anomalies, relationships and trends with machine learning techniquesdevelop requirements, evaluate and benchmark cognitive computing technologiesalgorithm development experience including the optimization of solutions on embedded hardware platformsapply and utilize historic, current and emerging techniques, technologies, and tools in creative waysfamiliarity with one or more neural network frameworks / tools such as theano, torch, caffe, tensorflow, matlab, and pythonability to work in a cross-functional environmentexcellent problem solving, critical thinking, networking and communication skillspreferred degree types and experience:   qualified candidates must have a bachelors, masters, or phd in electrical engineering, computer engineering, computer science, physics, mathematics or other related technical field  clearance requirements: department of defense ts/sci security clearance is required at time of hire.  applicants selected will be subject to a u.s. government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information. due to the nature of work performed within our facilities, u.s. citizenship is required.








company overview






general dynamics mission systems (gdms) engineers a diverse portfolio of high technology solutions, products and services that enable customers to successfully execute missions across all domains of operation.  with a global team of 13,000+ top professionals, we partner with the best in industry to expand the bounds of innovation in the defense and scientific arenas.  given the nature of our work and who we are, we value trust, honesty, alignment and transparency.  we offer highly competitive benefits and pride ourselves in being a great place to work with a shared sense of purpose.  you will also enjoy a flexible work environment where contributions are recognized and rewarded.  if who we are and what we do resonates with you, we invite you to join our high performance team! general dynamics is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer that is committed to hiring a diverse and talented workforce.  eoe/disability/veteran





apply

apply for this job onlineapplysharerefer this job to a friendrefer


sorry the share function is not working properly at this moment. please refresh the page and try again later.

share on your newsfeed




connect with us!




connect with us





interested in this opportunity?  socialize this job opportunity to a friend, colleague, or family member:










application faqssoftware powered by icimswww.icims.com









