































supply chain planner solutions engineer job in chandler, az for microchip technology inc. | information technology












			join us for our engineering career fair! learn more


microchip is seeking experienced engineers in all disciplines including applications, software, design, validation, verification, product, test, and marketing. meet with hiring managers representing all aspects of microchip's business.

date: thursday, september 7, 2017
time: 5:30-7:30 pm
location:
				microchip technology inc.
				building c4 (microchip cafetorium)
				2355 w. chandler blvd. chandler, az 85224
			









supply chain planner solutions engineer

chandler, az




search other jobs
apply now











search again


job attributes

job id
5757
req id
ncg16-18
category
information technology
job type
full-time
job education
bachelor's degree
job level
entry level
job hires needed
1
job location
chandler, az

apply now

share this on




















home
about us
working here
career areas
share this on:





new search
previous search





supply chain planner solutions engineer
                          chandler, az                      



job description
make an impact
the it supply chain planning team takes great pride in making a positive impact on microchip’s growth and bottom-line results. the team creates solutions that influence hundreds of decisions every day in response to customer demand and changes in our capacity and supply. in this techno-functional group, we have positions that provide opportunities to learn and improve supply chain operations by transforming business logic into code that produces optimized planning and scheduling instructions. our rich combination of supply chain knowledge and technical skill enables us to keep pace with new complexities in our product offerings and manufacturing flow options. we seek individuals with the talent and passion to extend and transform these capabilities as microchip continues to innovate and grow.
we use software tools to extract, transform and load data from source to target systems and specialized planning software to code and process our business logic. we are also exploring new technologies that expand our analytic capabilities and enable strategies that improve planning responsiveness and precision.
our measures of success
• on-time product delivery
• quality lead times to customers
• overall inventory health
• accuracy of work
• automation of instructions for manufacturing and operations
our planning systems
we use a combination of off-the-shelf software solutions and internally developed custom code for our etl and supply chain applications.
job requirements
• bachelors degree in mathematics, computer science, industrial engineering, or supply chain required
courses should include but not required:
• abstract modeling
• heuristics and linear programming
• graph theory
• data analytics
• complex problem solving
• full software life cycle including design, development, and testing
exposure to programming:
• tcl
• python
• .net/java
• r/sas/tableau
• relational databases, such as oracle or sql server
• nosql databases, such as mongodb or neo4j
• machine learning models
equal opportunity employer
						microchip is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer of disabled / veterans / minorities / women. we provide equal employment and affirmative action opportunities to applicants and employees without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, disability, or any other basis protected under applicable federal, state or local laws.
						for more information on applicable equal employment regulations, please refer to the eeo is the law poster and the eeo is the law poster supplement. please also refer to the pay transparency policy statement.
applicants with disabilities
						if you need accommodation for any part of the employment process because of a medical condition or disability, please send us an email here with "applicant accommodation request" in the subject line of the email.  alternatively, you may call us at 480-730-7330 to let us know the nature of your request.
						                      

apply now













		microchip is an equal opportunity / affirmative action employer | applicants with disabilities


			microchip is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer of disabled/veterans/minorities/women. we provide equal employment and affirmative action opportunities to applicants and employees without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, disability, or any other basis protected under applicable federal, state or local laws.
			for more information on applicable equal employment regulations, please refer to the eeo is the law poster and the eeo is the law poster supplement. please also refer to the pay transparency policy statement.
		

			if you need accommodation for any part of the employment process because of a medical condition or disability, please send us an email here with “applicant accommodation request” in the subject line of the email.  alternatively, you may call us at 480-730-7330 to let us know the nature of your request.
		





site map
home
about us
working here
career areas
job search
visit microchip.com


follow us









career opportunities
 accounting (7 jobs)
administrative and support services (13 jobs)
advertising/marketing/public relations (9 jobs)
computers, hardware (32 jobs)
computers, software (24 jobs)
customer service (6 jobs)
customer service and call center (1 job)
electronics (32 jobs)
engineering (246 jobs)
finance (7 jobs)
 human resources/recruiting (4 jobs)
information technology (12 jobs)
installation, maintenance, and repair (5 jobs)
legal (2 jobs)
manufacturing and production (16 jobs)
other (1 job)
sales (39 jobs)
supply chain/logistics (7 jobs)
support services (8 jobs)
technical (64 jobs)
 

			© copyright 2017 microchip technology inc. all rights reserved.
microchip is an equal opportunity employer.












