



sugarcrm careers - senior software engineer - ai / machine learning / data science



























 













                                                    sugarcrm careers                                            







                senior software engineer - ai / machine learning / data science
    
    

                            engineering (r&d)            
                                                cupertino,
                                        california
                                                
                                        atlanta,
                                        georgia
                                                
                                        austin,
                                        texas
                                                
                                        boston, ma,
                                        massachusetts
                                                
                                        chicago,
                                        illinois
                                                
                                        houston,
                                        texas
                                                
                                        los angeles,
                                        california
                                                
                                        new york city,
                                        new york
                                                
                                        philadelphia,
                                        pennsylvania
                                                
                                        raleigh,
                                        north carolina
                                                
                                        salt lake city,
                                        ut
                                                
                                        seattle,
                                        washington
                                                
                                        washington, d.c.,
                                        district of columbia
                            
                        



        apply
    


description

this position is located in cupertino, california.who is sugarcrmsugarcrm enables businesses to create extraordinary customer relationships with the most empowering, adaptable and affordable customer relationship management (crm) solution on the market. we are the industry’s leading company focused exclusively on customer relationship management. helping our clients build a unique customer experience through great customer relationships is our sole focus.recognized by leading market analysts as a crm visionary and innovator, sugar is deployed by more than 2 million individuals in over 120 countries and 26 languages. companies large and small are turning from yesterday’s crm solutions to rely on sugar to manage customer relationships.descriptionthe relationship intelligence team is on the forefront of combining technology, data, and advanced analytics to enthrall our customers.  you’ll be responsible for building out a new product line that is chartered with finding and delivering actionable insights to allow our customers to execute seamlessly in how they run and operate their business.  we are looking for exceptional full stack engineers with a background or focus around quantitative analysis, machine learning, or data science. impact you will make in the role:the rare opportunity to work on a new product line under the umbrella of an already solid and mature crm leaderwork with product management to help define the roadmap and set the strategic direction of the productresearch and implement algorithms and models based on our vast customer data setspush the envelope of software design and architectureexpertise you will bring in:5+ years in software developmentbs degree in computer science, or equivalentdeep understanding of distributed systemsintimate knowledge of backend technologies including goland, java, nodejs, etc.the desire to make an impact.  one day you may be working on engineering a new data pipeline for real time events and the next you may be the actual consumer familiarity with microservices architectures, messaging, nosql and relational databases, and restful apis,a background or familiarity with artificial intelligence, machine learning, or statistical analytics is highly desirable. location: cupertino, ca * sugarcrm is not sponsoring immigration at this time. relocation to the san francisco bay area will be supported for the right candidate. *benefits and perks:beyond a stellar work environment, friendly people, and inspiring, innovative work, we have some great benefits and perks:competitive salariescompany stock options for all employeesexcellent medical, dental and vision coverage for you and your family, along with other benefit plans like 401(k)12 paid holidays with 1 floating holiday per year; 3 weeks paid time off policy for new hiresweekly catered lunch & learns, fully stocked kitchens, and nearby access to cupertino’s newest restaurants and stores at main street cupertinoquarterly chair massagesfree crossfit and yoga classesfitness reimbursementand more!we are an equal opportunity, affirmative action employer. minorities, women, veterans and individuals with disabilities are encouraged to apply. note to recruiters and placement agencies:  sugarcrm does not accept unsolicited agency resumes. please do not forward unsolicited agency resumes to our website or to any sugarcrm employee. sugarcrm will not pay fees to any third party agency or firm and will not be responsible for any agency fees associated with unsolicited resumes. unsolicited resumes received will be considered property of sugarcrm and will be processed accordingly. 




        apply
    

        apply later    


            ← back to current openings        




share





linkedin




facebook




twitter




email











powered by jobvite









