


welcome to our career site

















careers












job title:

java developer - slc




date posted:

10/24/2017




job function:

 




location:

salt lake city, ut






share
|




|email this job





rpc solutions is currently seeking a java developer to join business and financial technology team working onsite at our fortune 100 client’s office located in salt lake city, ut.    our client offers environments for their employees to contribute, learn and advance their career.  we work to help you accomplish your career goals and achieve a path for success. from automated trading systems to risk management techniques, data architectures and distributed computing platforms, our developers and quantitative professionals build and provide robust, scalable best-in-class solutions to some of the most complex problems in the industry. job title: java developerwork location: new york, ny, jersey city, nj, dallas, tx, and salt lake city, utahlength of position: direct perm hire job description:create solutions across a variety of domains and software stacks to create leverage in various business lines.such as:
order management, electronic trading and client connectivity systemsadaptable algorithmic trading platformsperformance-sensitive user interfaces data lake/warehousingreal-time in-memory distributed systemscomplex event processorspricing, risk and booking systems
 requirements/experience:
a software engineer programming in a complied language such as c++, java or c# or interpreted such as python.comfortable with core programming concepts and techniques (e.g. concurrency, memory management).enjoys working with algorithms and data structures (e.g. trees, hash maps, queues).a keen interest and experience with machine learning libraries and techniques.large scale, distributed systems or grid computing;developing in functional programming languages like scala, haskell and erlang;natural language processing libraries and techniques;any knowledge or experience of the financial industry and financial products.
 education: 
bachelor of science in computer science, system/computer engineering, or other stem degrees. 
 please reach back at recruiter@rpc-solutions.comfor more information or to view other opportunities, visit us at www.rpc-solutions.com.  
						




would you like to apply to this job?
apply for the java developer - slc position















careers



return to job search
register







copyright © | powered by jobscience recruiting



january
february
march
april
may
june
july
august
september
october
november
december
2016
2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
sunmontuewedthufrisat
       
       
       
       
       
       
today