varo money - senior software engineersenior software engineersalt lake cityengineeringfull-timeapply for this jobvaro is a challenger app-based bank account for the millions of ambitious, responsible millennials who are hands-off with their money and want a bank that’s going to work for them. varo is building a unique mobile banking experience to challenge the traditional banking system. unlike traditional banks or other fintech apps, varo is building an all-in-one solution with frictionless, integrated, and automated deposit, budgeting, savings, and lending products that help customers bank with ease and achieve better financial outcomes. there’s no reason for a bank branch on every corner anymore when all customers need is a smartphone to meet their banking needs. based in san francisco and privately held, varo has raised $34m with an early funding round led by warburg pincus in may of 2016, one of the largest-ever for an early-stage financial technology company.we are currently looking for a senior software engineer to join our engineering team. if you are looking for growth - this position is for you. we are a startup, and we need to build a lot of new systems. this is a unique opportunity to learn amazing technologies, be part of a great team, improve the financial lives of others, and have a lot of fun too! in our engineering team we value teamwork, technical excellence, and quality!for this role, we are looking for...5+ years experience in java software development.deep understanding of soa, orm, microservicesexperience in building public and internal rest apis.strong experience with transactional databases. big data and machine learning is a plus.understanding of rule engines, event processing, real-time data analysis (preferably drools, spark).experience with scalable messaging systems (aws kinesis or kafka is preferred).deep understanding of the software security practices.experience with nlp is a big plus.knowledge of maven and good understanding of ci and continuous deployment.experience in unit-testing.comfortable to use jira, confluence, jenkins, git.understanding of scrum process.it would be great if you also had the following but it is not a deal breaker:experience with financial systems (banking, lending, payments).join our growing engineering team!  help us build the next-generation mobile consumer banking experience. give millions of people the tools they need to achieve financial freedom and security.learn more about varo by following us at:facebook - https://www.facebook.com/varomoney/instagram - https://www.instagram.com/varomoney/linkedin - https://www.linkedin.com/company/10630755apply for this jobvaro money home pagejobs powered by 