


assistant professor (lecturer) business analytics























skip to main content
























toggle navigation







home
search jobs
create account
log in
help








assistant professor (lecturer) business analytics

bookmark this posting |
    print preview |
        apply for this job



posting details
the university of utah, an aa/eo employer, encourages applications from women and minorities, and provides reasonable accommodation to the known disabilities of applicants and employees.the university of utah values candidates who have experience working in settings with students from diverse backgrounds, and possess a strong or demonstrated commitment to improving access to higher education for historically underrepresented students.


position information



proposed faculty rank
assistant professor (lecturer)


department
00044 - marketing department


track
non tenure track


new position to begin
january 2018


details
the david eccles school of business at the university of utah has an opening for one full-time career-line (non-tenure-track) faculty member at the rank of assistant professor (lecturer) to support the rapidly growing masters of science in business analytics (msba) program. the msba degree as well as the graduate certificate in business analytics are offered jointly by the department of marketing and the department of operations and information systems. the position requires particular expertise and experience in the areas of big data, data visualization, and machine learning in addition to more traditional statistical and econometric approaches. experience with digital marketing and e-commerce are a plus. the program uses r, hadoop, tableau, and python as its preferred languages and platforms. the appointment will be at the level of assistant professor (lecturer) or associate professor (lecturer), depending on experience and qualifications. the anticipated teaching load consists of six semester long courses. candidates with a ph.d. are preferred although candidates with a master’s degree and significant work experience are also encouraged to apply. the position is open to individuals with degrees in any relevant area, including business, statistics, computer science, and mathematics. salary is competitive and benefits are excellent. more information about the msba program can be found at: http://eccles.utah.edu/programs/master-of-science-in-business-analytics/.
the university of utah is located in salt lake city, the capitol of the state of utah, the fastest growing tech state in the us. host to the 2002 winter olympic games, nine ski & snowboard resorts are nestled in the mountains above salt lake city, all within an hour’s drive of campus. the university is also within a day’s drive of five national parks. the american economic development institute named utah the “no. 1 pro-business state” in the country, the first state west of the mississippi river to earn that recognition from the nonpartisan think tank, which noted the state’s leadership in economic development, innovation and entrepreneurship.
the university of utah values candidates who have experience working in settings with students from diverse backgrounds and possess a demonstrated commitment to improving access to higher education for historically underrepresented students.


eeo/diversity information
the university of utah is an affirmative action/equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate based upon race, national origin, color, religion, sex, age, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression, status as a person with a disability, genetic information, or protected veteran status. individuals from historically underrepresented groups, such as minorities, women, qualified persons with disabilities and protected veterans are encouraged to apply. veterans’ preference is extended to qualified applicants, upon request and consistent with university policy and utah state law. upon request, reasonable accommodations in the application process will be provided to individuals with disabilities. to inquire about the university’s nondiscrimination or affirmative action policies or to request disability accommodation, please contact: director, office of equal opportunity and affirmative action, 201 s. presidents circle, rm 135, (801) 581-8365.the university of utah values candidates who have experience working in settings with students from diverse backgrounds, and possess a strong commitment to improving access to higher education for historically underrepresented students.


notice
the university is a participating employer with utah retirement systems (“urs”). to be eligible for retirement contributions, you must be hired into a benefit-eligible position. employees with prior urs service may elect to enroll in the urs within 30 days of hire. regardless of whether they are hired into a benefit-eligible position or not, individuals who previously retired and are receiving monthly retirement benefits from urs must notify the benefits department upon hire. please contact utah retirement systems at (801)366-7770 or (800)695-4877 or the university’s benefits department at (801)581-7447 for information. this position may require the successful completion of a criminal background check and/or drug screen.


special instructions for candidates



open date
08/25/2017


close date



open until filled
yes


requisition number
prn00143cf


type
faculty





posting specific questions

required fields are indicated with an asterisk (*).



applicant documents

required documents

resume
cover letter
list of references

optional documents

appropriate discharge document (such as a dd-214 – member copy 4) – veteran only – call 801.581.2169
addendum to the university of utah - veteran only - call 801.581.2169 after submission














 















