

	job posting search results



















            currently logged in as 
            
[sign out]








session expiration warning


you've been inactive for a while. for your security, we'll log you out automatically. click "stay online" to continue your session. 
your session will expire in 120 seconds.


stay online
logout












        ? help
    


            job posting search results
        
showing results on a single job code: 18-01066




engineer - research engineer - materials engineering
18-01066


email a friend


printer friendly


                    job summary:
				

use advanced computational and experimental techniques and facilities to address a wide range of biomechanics challenges; use advanced motion capture systems and other sensor data (e.g. force plate, emg, accelerometer, etc.) in combination with biomechanical modeling and simulation to determine the performance of the human body during various activities including physical rehabilitation, physical athletic training, and other human performance applications; apply advanced probabilistic mechanics and reliability methods to investigate how uncertainties associated with biological systems affect predictions of musculoskeletal performance and functionality; participate and eventually lead individual and collaborative research projects as well as develop, promote and write proposals for research programs; interact with commercial and government clients; write and present reports and technical papers; and manage the technical and financial performance of projects.

                    education/experience:
				
requires a ms degree in mechanical engineering, engineering mechanics or biomedical engineering with at least a 3.25 gpa and 0 - 5 years of experience.  must have experience in developing multi-body dynamics models of musculoskeletal systems; experience with commercial motion capture systems, force plates, wearable sensors, and emg; experience with commercial and open source software and programming languages such as opensim, anybody, python, and matlab; experience in uncertainty analysis or probabilistic mechanics, experimental methods and data collection, machine vision, machine learning, and advanced data analysis methods desired. a valid/clear driver's license is required.

                    this position requires passing the  test.
	            

                    special considerations:
				

job locations: san antonio, texas


                    military friendly: your military experience may apply to this position
	            
for more information about this division, visit the <a href="http://www.swri.org/4org/d18/d18home.htm" target="_blank">mechanical engineering</a> home page.

                    an equal employment opportunity/affirmative action employer
                    race/color/religion/sex/sexual orientation/gender identity/national origin/disabled/veteran
                    committed to diversity in the workplace
                






job title
applied on
job code



engineer - research engineer - materials engineering

18-01066











    if you need assistance, please contact us

back to top




            to save a new automated job alert - you must be logged into your profile. click 'login' to either save this job alert by logging in, or registering a new profile. 
        





