

	job posting search results



















            currently logged in as 
            
[sign out]








session expiration warning


you've been inactive for a while. for your security, we'll log you out automatically. click "stay online" to continue your session. 
your session will expire in 120 seconds.


stay online
logout












        ? help
    


            job posting search results
        
showing results on a single job code: 10-00989




engineer - research engineer - machine learning
10-00989


email a friend


printer friendly


                    job summary:
				

join a team that develops artificial intelligence-based solutions for existing and future next-generation technologies for machine learning, including embedded systems for electric power, oil & gas, automotive and space applications; interact with technical clients and colleagues to understand requirements and constraints of the task objectives; work in various phases of the system lifecycle, including applied research, requirements generation, design, implementation, testing, integration, installation, and documentation.

                    education/experience:
				
requires a bs, ms or phd degree in computer engineering, electrical engineering, computer science, biomedical engineering, aerospace engineering, mechanical engineering or other related disciplines with at least a 3.25 gpa and 0-3 years of experience. must have course work or experience in one or more of the following: a) machine learning b) microprocessor software and/or hardware, c) signal processing, d) instrumentation and sensors, e) embedded systems; experience in c, c++, and/or python preferred; experience with deep learning, computer vision, caffe, tensorflow, linux, opencv, real-time operating systems, multithreaded programming, a plus; interest and/or experience in working with hardware a plus; excellent verbal and written communication skills required; must be able to work in project team environments and independently; must have excellent problem-solving skills, be self-motivated, and be driven by challenging problems; must have good organizational skills and attention to detail; aptitude for continuous learning and leadership potential. applicants with energy, enthusiasm, initiative and a desire to excel in their field will receive primary consideration. occasional travel is required. a valid/clear driver's license is required.

                    this position requires passing the  test.
	            

                    special considerations:
				
applicant selected will be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information.  applicant must be a u.s. citizen.
job locations: san antonio, texas


                    military friendly: your military experience may apply to this position
	            
for more information about this division, visit the <a href="http://www.swri.org/4org/d10/d10home.htm" target="_blank">intelligent systems</a> home page.

                    an equal employment opportunity/affirmative action employer
                    race/color/religion/sex/sexual orientation/gender identity/national origin/disabled/veteran
                    committed to diversity in the workplace
                






job title
applied on
job code



engineer - research engineer - machine learning

10-00989











    if you need assistance, please contact us

back to top




            to save a new automated job alert - you must be logged into your profile. click 'login' to either save this job alert by logging in, or registering a new profile. 
        





