

jazzhr » job listings












































« back to jobs




fractal analytics
senior consultant, advanced analytics
usa - san antonio, tx - full time




summary:
s/he will be expected to deliver an analytics engagement at client location independently. this will include problem solving, hypothesis testing, advanced analysis, creating models & solutions and compelling visualizations to make the solutions scalable and easily understood.  the senior consultant will collaboratively work along with senior engagement managers & lead a team of analysts and data scientists across the globe. 
position expectations in detail:

solve business problems & develop business solution:  use problem solving methodologies to propose creative solutions to solve business problem. recommend design and develop state-of-the-art data driven analysis using statistical & advanced analytics methodologies to solve business problems. develop models & recommend insights. form hypothesis and run experiments to gain empirical insights and validate hypothesis.   identify and eliminate possible obstacles and identify alternative creative solution.  
project management:  lead at least one client engagement independently. execute end to end client engagements. ensure regular client updates & meetings, stakeholder management, any failure or risk analysis of the project, data sources, tracking execution & success metrics is done effectively & efficiently.
client relationship management: build deep client relationship, network & be a thought partner. anticipate business problems & deliver par excellence.
sales support & account growth: actively focus on opportunities to grow the client along with the senior engagement manager. support the sales team as required for rfps and regular sales pitches
firm building: contribute to firm growth by participating and conducting training sessions. also, participate in other activities which make fractal an employer of choice.
coaching & grooming: coach & groom the team on gaining knowledge & skills on first principles of analytics techniques, problem solving, project management, client relationship management & team work skills. conduct regular reviews with team members.

skills & qualifications:

over all experience  of 5 to 6 yrs with at least 3 to 4 years of hands on experience in running data analytics projects
knowledge of data conversion strategy, capturing data, creating source to target definitions for etl/ data flow process, data quality and data base management
expertise in  sql /r/sas & advanced analytics/statistics techniques such as general linear model, anova, decision trees, linear regression, bayesian etc
knowledge of any one visualization tool such as tableau, spotfire or equivalent
problem solving, project management and communication skills & creative thinking
high learning orientation & agility
attention to detail
project management skills
experience in processing and synthesising large data sets
ability to think on his/her feet and engage with both the business and analytical community
ability to adapt with ambiguity in cross functional environment
good to have: experience big data tolls such as hadoop, hive, impala and python
graduate in computer science, mathematics, operational research, information science, engineering, statistics. (ms or mba preferred)
certification in any r, sas,sql, visualization tools, machine learning, bayesian and/or regression etc. (preferred)



apply now


 

 

 














			apply: senior consultant, advanced analytics		

			* required fields
		















first name*





last name*





email address*





location 





phone number*





resume*


attach resume or
					paste resume





						attach resume as .pdf, .doc, or .docx (limit 2mb) or
						paste resume



 




						paste your resume here or
						attach resume file



 



cover letter





are you willing to relocate?*

no answeryesno



what’s your citizenship / employment eligibility?*

no answeri am a u.s. citizen/permanent residentnon-citizen allowed to work for any employernon-citizen allowed to work for current employernon-citizen seeking work authorizationi am a canadian citizen/permanent residentother



linkedin profile url:





twitter





website, blog or portfolio:





desired salary





earliest start date?















forward this position




				recipient email address (one)
			

 



				your name
			

 



				your email address
			

 



				enter a message (optional)
			

 








human check*





  



















