
engineer – data and analytics job - loaddelivered logistics - chicago, il | indeed.com






















skip to job description, searchclose










find jobscompany reviewsfind salariesfind resumesemployers / post job







upload your resume


sign in







:







what
where





advanced job search


 

 



 



job title, keywords or company


city, state, or zip












engineer – data and analytics

loaddelivered logistics
     -
chicago, il


engineer – data and analyticswhy loaddelivered?we’re your go-to supply chain engineers, and we approach things differently. why? because we get that the old way of moving goods isn’t the best in the rapidly changing world of logistics. and we don’t just say we’re different – we transparently prove it by building the industry’s most innovative technology to meet the needs of our fortune 500 customers. we are looking for sharp, ambitious, and enthusiastic members to add to our team.here at loaddelivered, we’re building a powerful company culture by hiring tenacious, humble a-players who know how to work well together. the result? a high-energy, positive environment with opportunities to elevate our people through mentorship and talent development programs, upward mobility, and community involvement. we understand the importance of work-life balance so we offer an in-office gym, monthly in-office haircuts and manicures, professional learning seminars, and more. recognized by inc. as one of the fastest-growing companies for five consecutive years, we’re experiencing exponential growth, and so can your career.what you’ll master: as an engineer - data and analytics, this role will wear many hats in our engineering department. with an emphasis on data management, you will be responsible for creating efficient ways to organize, store and analyze data. work-flow based automation and some programing will be necessary. we are looking for creative, solutions-oriented individuals, possessing the capacity and willingness to learn and apply innovative technologies on a continuous basis. this position will be reporting directly to the director of business process.some of the specific job duties include, but are not limited to:developing and implementing data analyses, data collection systems and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and qualityacquiring data from primary or secondary data sources and maintaining databasesinterpreting data, analyzing results using statistical techniquesformulating management techniques for quality data collection to ensure adequacy, accuracy and legitimacy of datadevising and implementing efficient and secure procedures for data management and analysis with attention to all technical aspectstroubleshoot data-related problems and manage maintenance or modificationswhat we’re looking for: strong programming/analytical background with an emphasis on problem solvingsolid understanding of flat file, hierarchical and relational databases (data migration experience a plus)at least 2 years of experience working with relational databases such as microsoft sql/mysql (tsql experience a plus)willing to learn data visualization (tableau, alteryx, r experience a plus)working knowledge of programming languages like ruby/ruby on rails, java, c#, c++ is desiredexperience working in an agile development environment (scrum, kanban) and version control (github) desiredexposure to ssis, stored procedures and knowledge of rest services a pluswhat we bring to the table: downtown chicago locationability for upward mobilityhealth, dental, vision, disability, and life insurancepto & paid holidays401(k) company matchphilanthropy eventsdiscounted chicago athletic clubs membershipcasual dress codecorporate workout facilitysponsored intramural sportsfree food! including breakfasts, free lunch fridays, snacks, cold brew coffee & tea on tap.job type: full-timejob location:chicago, ilrequired education:bachelor'srequired experience:data visualization: 2 yearsrelational database: 2 yearsprogramming language: 2 years

1 day ago   -  save job









» apply now

            please review all application instructions before applying to loaddelivered logistics.







 




                        loaddelivered logistics


                about loaddelivered:
founded in 2008, loaddelivered has built an impressive portfolio of national customers and carriers, ranging from...



let employers find youthousands of employers search for candidates on indeedupload your resume










about - help center


©2017 indeed - cookies, privacy and terms



let employers find you  upload your resume











