

	job posting search results



















            currently logged in as 
            
[sign out]








session expiration warning


you've been inactive for a while. for your security, we'll log you out automatically. click "stay online" to continue your session. 
your session will expire in 120 seconds.


stay online
logout












        ? help
    


            job posting search results
        
showing results on a single job code: 10-00928




research engineer - sr. research engineer - manufacturing robotics
10-00928


email a friend


printer friendly


                    job summary:
				

we are expanding our team working on leading technologies in industrial robotics and are looking for talented and motivated candidates to join us.  qualified candidates have the opportunity to work in a flexible and stimulating environment on diverse technical challenges in applied research and development.  job responsibilities will include: provide technical leadership in the development and application of advanced robotic solutions for industrial, manufacturing, and defense clients; manage open source repositories and collaborate with international teams on open source development; design, build, debug and install industrial robotic and automation systems; develop and test new manufacturing and industrial processes; develop software for industrial controls and manufacturing systems; lead the preparation of proposals and cost estimates; interact with customers to promote new business and develop technical requirements; participate on and lead technical teams; perform other duties as assigned.

                    education/experience:
				
requires a ms or phd degree in robotics, mechanical engineering, electrical engineering, computer science, computer engineering, or related field with at least a 3.5 gpa. must have at least 5 - 15 years of experience with developing software and controls for robotics and automation and have experience with large scale c++ software development.  beneficial skills include: ros (robot operating system) development, opencv and vision system development, optimal and search-based planning for high degree of freedom systems, open source software project management.  beneficial knowledge includes: industrial robotics, mobile robotics, 2d/3d computer vision, path planning for robotics, machine learning, optimization, perception/sensing for robot guidance, localization.  travel on an as needed basis to conduct project work.  a valid/clear driver's license is required.

                    this position requires passing the  test.
	            

                    special considerations:
				
applicant selected will be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information.  applicant must be a u.s. citizen.
job locations: san antonio, texas


                    military friendly: your military experience may apply to this position
	            
for more information about this division, visit the <a href="http://www.swri.org/4org/d10/d10home.htm" target="_blank">intelligent systems</a> home page.

                    an equal employment opportunity/affirmative action employer
                    race/color/religion/sex/sexual orientation/gender identity/national origin/disabled/veteran
                    committed to diversity in the workplace
                






job title
applied on
job code



research engineer - sr. research engineer - manufacturing robotics

10-00928











    if you need assistance, please contact us

back to top




            to save a new automated job alert - you must be logged into your profile. click 'login' to either save this job alert by logging in, or registering a new profile. 
        





