

	job posting search results



















            currently logged in as 
            
[sign out]








session expiration warning


you've been inactive for a while. for your security, we'll log you out automatically. click "stay online" to continue your session. 
your session will expire in 120 seconds.


stay online
logout












        ? help
    


            job posting search results
        
showing results on a single job code: 16-00869




research engineer - sr. research engineer - rf systems
16-00869


email a friend


printer friendly


                    job summary:
				

design, develop, test, document and deploy innovative embedded radio frequency solutions for problems in electronic warfare, radio communications, geolocation and remote sensing; design and develop software-defined radios; create dynamically modifiable realtime signal processing components and high performance implementations for heterogeneous processing resources such as socs, fpgas, dsps, gpus and gpps; architect and develop robust, reusable and reconfigurable software modules from own designs or detailed designs prepared by co-workers with expertise in areas such as dsp, machine learning, autonomy, visualization, and embedded command and control; interface with swri senior engineering staff and client representatives to solve engineering issues related to embedded system designs; issues include architectures, component abstraction, resource utilization, energy management, timing, synchronization, signal processing, decision engines, and bandwidth optimization; contribute to the architecture of application-specific schemas, networking techniques, and hosting for multi-processor distributed radio implementations; lead the development of services, components and interfaces; prepare, present, and deliver engineering design development workflow documentation such as requirements documents, design descriptions, major design reviews, test plans, test reports and user documents; support technical proposal writing and business development; identify, lead, and pursue new business opportunities based on knowledge of client needs.

                    education/experience:
				
requires a bs degree in in electrical or computer engineering or engineering sciences w/focus in electrical engineering or ms degree in electrical or computer engineering or computer science or with at least a 3.3 gpa and 2 – 5 years of experience.  must have excellent verbal, written and presentation skills; must be able to work on the bench within an integrated hardware, software and rf instrumentation development environment; must be proficient in linux, c, c++, hdl/vhdl, rtos, matlab; must be proficient in hardware and software configuration management and version control; must be organized, methodical, able to address complex technology development objectives and divide the work into logical sub-tasks with defined entry and exit criteria; must be able to create charts, diagrams and illustrations to communicate complex technical solutions and discuss trade-offs; must be knowledgeable of standards and architectures such as gnuradio, redhawk, vita-49, openvpx, opencpi and opencl; must be knowledgeable of emerging technology trends in embedded electronics and rf components; must be experienced with processor optimization in resource-constrained systems; must be experienced implementing systems utilizing high-throughput data interfaces; must be knowledgeable of government clients and comms/sigint/ew capability gaps and emergent needs.  a valid/clear driver's license is required.

                    this position requires passing the  test.
	            

                    special considerations:
				
applicant selected will be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information.  applicant must be a u.s. citizen.
job locations: san antonio, texas


                    military friendly: your military experience may apply to this position
	            
for more information about this division, visit the <a href="http://www.swri.org/4org/d16/d16home.htm" target="_blank">defense & intelligence solutions</a> home page.

                    an equal employment opportunity/affirmative action employer
                    race/color/religion/sex/sexual orientation/gender identity/national origin/disabled/veteran
                    committed to diversity in the workplace
                






job title
applied on
job code



research engineer - sr. research engineer - rf systems

16-00869











    if you need assistance, please contact us

back to top




            to save a new automated job alert - you must be logged into your profile. click 'login' to either save this job alert by logging in, or registering a new profile. 
        





