



job application for data engineer at celmatix






















          apply now
        
data engineer

        at celmatix
      
(view all jobs)

        new york, ny
      


we are seeking a data engineer to join our growing data engineering team. reporting to the chief information officer, you will work on the implementation and support of various tools intended to extract, organize, and analyze data for internal teams. this position is dynamic and fast-moving, requiring a combination of software architecture and implementation expertise.
responsibilities:

support the design, implementation, and management of the tools supporting the celmatix next-generation sequencing analysis infrastructure
support the collection, management, storage, and analysis of electronic medical records data and other sources of clinical data
develop software integration between functional systems, including laboratory information systems (lims), analytics tools (both commercial and in-house), dash-boarding and reporting, et al
create schemas, frameworks, software, and usage patterns supporting the ingest, structure, and management of data in a range of database systems, including both relational and nosql database platforms
work closely with celmatix scientists and medical experts to develop reports and visualizations of genetic/genomic data in the context of reported symptoms, clinical diagnoses, and other information
develop systems leveraging reactive streams (including kafka, akka, scala, spark, et al.) as well as integrating pub-sub tools (including messaging systems such as rabbitmq, celery, et al.) in support of a robust and rapidly-growing services-oriented architecture
work closely with the celmatix science teams to carry out research and communicate findings

qualifications:

bs in computer science or related field
2+ years of professional experience in a professional software development setting
professional experience with formal software engineering development methodologies and tools, specifically including git, jira, and experience working in an agile or related setting
professional experience in java, c/c++ and unix/linux shell scripting, as well as standard scripting languages such as python/perl/r
expertise in database programming, including both relational and nosql platforms
competence with high performance linux/unix computing environments, local and remote-hosted cloud computing experience

strongly preferred qualifications:

experience developing stream-based data processing pipelines (including kafka, akka, scala, spark, et al.) a plus and/or expertise with messaging systems such as rabbitmq, celery and similar tools
familiarity with scala and/or go a major plus, as is functional programming expertise
exposure and/or experience in statistics and advanced analytical techniques

more about celmatix
named one of fast company's "50 most innovative companies in 2017," celmatix is changing the face of women’s health through the development of digital tools and genetic insights focused on fertility potential. our unique approach combines data science and genomics to bring personalized medicine to fertility. we offer a full range of benefits including excellent medical insurance, pre-tax fsa and transit benefits, generous parental leave, and a 401k retirement plan.
celmatix inc. is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate with regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, marital status, disability, or veteran status. all are invited to apply.
 







apply for this job

* required
        


first name *



last name *



email *



phone *




              location (city)
            



resume/cv *


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 














cover letter *


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 

















linkedin profile
    





website
    





how did you hear about this job?
    







u.s. equal opportunity employment information (completion is voluntary)


  individuals seeking employment at celmatix are considered without regards
  to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical
  or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation. you are
  being given the opportunity to provide the following information in order to help us
  comply with federal and state equal employment opportunity/affirmative action record
  keeping, reporting, and other legal requirements.


  completion of the form is entirely voluntary. whatever your decision,
  it will not be considered in the hiring process or thereafter. any information that you
  do provide will be recorded and maintained in a confidential file.


gender
please selectmale
female
decline to self identify


are you hispanic/latino?
please selectyes
no
decline to self identify


please identify your race
please selectamerican indian or alaskan native
asian
black or african american
hispanic or latino
white
native hawaiian or other pacific islander
two or more races
decline to self identify


      race & ethnicity definitions


  if you believe you belong to any of the categories of protected veterans listed below,
  please indicate by making the appropriate selection.  as a government contractor
  subject to vietnam era veterans readjustment assistance act (vevraa), we request this
  information in order to measure the effectiveness of the outreach and positive
  recruitment efforts we undertake pursuant to vevraa. classification of protected
  categories is as follows:


  a "disabled veteran" is one of the following: a veteran of the u.s. military, ground,
  naval or air service who is entitled to compensation (or who but for the receipt of
  military retired pay would be entitled to compensation) under laws administered by the
  secretary of veterans affairs; or a person who was discharged or released from active
  duty because of a service-connected disability.


  a "recently separated veteran" means any veteran during the three-year period beginning
  on the date of such veteran's discharge or release from active duty in the u.s.
  military, ground, naval, or air service.


  an "active duty wartime or campaign badge veteran" means a veteran who served on active
  duty in the u.s. military, ground, naval or air service during a war, or in a campaign
  or expedition for which a campaign badge has been authorized under the laws
  administered by the department of defense.


  an "armed forces service medal veteran" means a veteran who, while serving on active
  duty in the u.s. military, ground, naval or air service, participated in a united
  states military operation for which an armed forces service medal was awarded pursuant
  to executive order 12985.


veteran status
please selecti am not a protected veteran
i identify as one or more of the classifications of a protected veteran
i don't wish to answer



form cc-305
omb control number 1250-0005
expires 1/31/2020

voluntary self-identification of disability
why are you being asked to complete this form?

  because we do business with the government, we must reach out to, hire, and provide
  equal opportunity to qualified people with disabilities1.  to help us
  measure how well we are doing, we are asking you to tell us if you have a disability or
  if you ever had a disability.  completing this form is voluntary, but we hope that you
  will choose to fill it out.  if you are applying for a job, any answer you give will be
  kept private and will not be used against you in any way.


  if you already work for us, your answer will not be used against you in any way.
  because a person may become disabled at any time, we are required to ask all of our
  employees to update their information every five years.  you may voluntarily
  self-identify as having a disability on this form without fear of any punishment
  because you did not identify as having a disability earlier.

how do i know if i have a disability?

  you are considered to have a disability if you have a physical or mental impairment or
  medical condition that substantially limits a major life activity, or if you have a
  history or record of such an impairment or medical condition.

disabilities include, but are not limited to:

blindness
deafness
cancer
diabetes
epilepsy
autism
cerebral palsy
hiv/aids
schizophrenia
muscular dystrophy
bipolar disorder
major depression
multiple sclerosis (ms)
missing limbs or partially missing limbs
post-traumatic stress disorder (ptsd)
obsessive compulsive disorder
impairments requiring the use of a wheelchair
intellectual disability (previously called mental retardation)


disability status
please selectyes, i have a disability (or previously had a disability)
no, i don't have a disability
i don't wish to answer

reasonable accommodation notice

  federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified
  individuals with disabilities. please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation
  to apply for a job or to perform your job.  examples of reasonable accommodation
  include making a change to the application process or work procedures, providing
  documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using
  specialized equipment.


1section 503 of the rehabilitation act of 1973, as amended.  for more
  information about this form or the equal employment obligations of federal contractors,
  visit the u.s. department of labor's office of federal contract compliance programs
  (ofccp) website at www.dol.gov/ofccp.


  public burden statement:  according to the paperwork reduction act of 1995 no persons
  are required to respond to a collection of information unless such collection displays
  a valid omb control number. this survey should take about 5 minutes to complete.








 



share this job:    













powered by 

 
      read our privacy policy
















