



job application for data engineer at khan academy























          apply now
        
data engineer

        at khan academy
      

        mountain view, ca / remote friendly (us + canada)
      


khan academy is looking for passionate software developers to help change education – join us on our mission to provide a free, world-class education for anyone, anywhere.
we’re fun, quirky people that come from a variety of backgrounds. our team includes people from google, apple, facebook, mozilla, microsoft, pixar, fog creek, and tiny startups. khan academy attracts talent from some of the top organizations in the bay area; our team includes individuals who attended private universities and community colleges, as well as folks who didn't graduate from college. together, we’re a small but strong team, deeply invested in your future.
our data engineering team will be growing in the latter half of 2017. if you're looking for a faster timeline, please consider our immediate openings for software engineer or marketing analyst (data scientist). 
what you’ll build:
as part of the broader software engineering team, you’ll have the opportunity to work on backend projects as well as user-facing product features alongside frontend and mobile developers. you’ll build functionality that unlocks users’ access to their learning histories and accelerates their learning. you will empower the team with data we need to understand our users’ needs. you will design infrastructure and run a/b tests to experiment with different presentations and pedagogies, enabling a richer learning experience for learners of all ages. our team has the unique flexibility to work across the stack to bring new functionality directly to the learners who need it.
examples of things we’ve worked on include:

building a machine learning pipeline to drive individualized content recommendations
leveraging model predictions to speed up the progression for a student in a grade-level “mission”
building leaderboards for competition between hundreds of thousands of students in learnstorm 2016
integrating with the college board to provide personalized sat practice based on psat scores

our tools:

our team uses a diverse set of tools, including jupyter notebooks running python, r studio, google bigquery / cloud dataflow, tableau, and even excel. on the frontend we use javascript and react.
you do not have to have experience in any one technology but you should be aware of industry trends and be excited to evaluate and learn new technologies.
we value simple and reliable solutions over customizability and buzzword compliance - a good solution now is better than an expensive custom, perfect solution in a year.

you need:

excitement about helping khan academy bring a free, world-class education to the world.
experience writing code. students, teachers and internal decision makers need trustworthy data, and that means building stable, reliable and scalable systems that can regularly process terabytes of historical data with minimal errors.
expertise in statistical modeling, machine learning, and/or numerical analysis, so you can spot biases or bad probabilistic inference and look for patterns in the data.
cross-team communication skills. you’ll need to understand the product implications of data transformations or a/b test conversions and be able to convey uncertainties and caveats with the data
empathy for learners around the world. you love learning and are excited about helping others learn to love learning. you’re motivated to learn new things and share what you learn with the world.

we offer the following benefits:
we may be a non-profit, but we reward our team well!

the opportunity to improve real lives, solve hard problems, and change the world.
competitive salaries and annual bonuses.
ample paid time off as needed. we’ll support you in maintaining a healthy life-work balance.
delicious catered lunch every day, plus tons of snacks and beverages.
an inclusive, excited, and friendly team that trusts you and gives you the freedom to be brilliant.
a great location – we’re only 0.5 miles from the caltrain and downtown mountain view. we also pay for remote employees to fly out a few times a year, and our san francisco dwellers are encouraged to work from home a few days a week to save the commute time.
awesome team events and weekly board game nights.
oh, and we offer all those other typical benefits as well: 401(k) + 4% matching & comprehensive insurance including medical, dental, vision, and life.

how to apply:

attach your resume below
address the following prompt in the space provided below: at khan academy, we believe that reaching all learners requires an engineering team that is diverse in every respect, and we are looking for individuals who will help us fulfill our mission by adding to the diversity of our team's experiences, perspectives, and mindsets. with that in mind, tell us briefly how your experiences and perspectives— whether personal, professional, academic, or otherwise— could contribute to the diversity of our team.

optional:

links to projects (we really like these, but they are not a requirement). we especially like living, breathing projects, demos, or commentaries on your work. please don’t just send code – show or tell us why you wrote it, what it’s for, what you like about it, how it helps someone, etc. no project is too small if it’s something you care about. if you're feeling especially creative feel free to include a link to a project that you've built on our programming platform. 
if you’d like to provide a more traditional cover letter addressing your interest in ka (in addition to the diversity-based response), please feel free to attach that below.

to learn more about our work:

data science team blog
sal’s ted talk
ka engineering team blog
lead engineering manager ben kamens's blog
our team
what our learners have to say about khan academy

as an organization and as individuals, we are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, gender identity, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, pregnancy, medical conditions, genetic information, disability, or veteran status. we strongly encourage all candidates to complete the eeoc questions below so that we can continue to monitor our processes and ensure we are creating an environment that allows candidates to feel comfortable and display their best selves across many lines of difference.  
finally, if you feel under-qualified, remember that we’ve all been there too. here are some great posts on building up the courage and skills to apply for your dream job, from awesome people who have worked at ka:

courage
skills








apply for this job

* required
        


first name *



last name *



email *



phone *



resume/cv *


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 














cover letter


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 

















skype id *






are you available to work full-time from our office in mountain view, california? *



--
yes
no


will you now, or in the future, require sponsorship to work in the u.s.? *



--
yes
no


if you answered 'yes' above, please provide additional details. 
    






personal website / blog
    





links to projects
    





have you used khan academy before? *



--
yes
no


how did you hear about this job? *






at khan academy, we believe that reaching all learners requires an engineering team that is diverse in every respect, and we are looking for individuals who will help us fulfill our mission by adding to the diversity of our team's experiences, perspectives, and mindsets. with that in mind, tell us briefly how your experiences and perspectives— whether personal, professional, academic, or otherwise— could contribute to the diversity of our team. *

please keep in mind that responses that do not address the prompt will not be moved forward. 






would you also like to be considered for a role at duck duck moose, a wholly owned subsidiary of khan academy? *



--
yes
no


is there anything else you'd like us to know about you?
    








u.s. equal opportunity employment information (completion is voluntary)


  individuals seeking employment at khan academy are considered without regards
  to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical
  or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation. you are
  being given the opportunity to provide the following information in order to help us
  comply with federal and state equal employment opportunity/affirmative action record
  keeping, reporting, and other legal requirements.


  completion of the form is entirely voluntary. whatever your decision,
  it will not be considered in the hiring process or thereafter. any information that you
  do provide will be recorded and maintained in a confidential file.


gender
please selectmale
female
decline to self identify


are you hispanic/latino?
please selectyes
no
decline to self identify


please identify your race
please selectamerican indian or alaskan native
asian
black or african american
hispanic or latino
white
native hawaiian or other pacific islander
two or more races
decline to self identify


      race & ethnicity definitions


  if you believe you belong to any of the categories of protected veterans listed below,
  please indicate by making the appropriate selection.  as a government contractor
  subject to vietnam era veterans readjustment assistance act (vevraa), we request this
  information in order to measure the effectiveness of the outreach and positive
  recruitment efforts we undertake pursuant to vevraa. classification of protected
  categories is as follows:


  a "disabled veteran" is one of the following: a veteran of the u.s. military, ground,
  naval or air service who is entitled to compensation (or who but for the receipt of
  military retired pay would be entitled to compensation) under laws administered by the
  secretary of veterans affairs; or a person who was discharged or released from active
  duty because of a service-connected disability.


  a "recently separated veteran" means any veteran during the three-year period beginning
  on the date of such veteran's discharge or release from active duty in the u.s.
  military, ground, naval, or air service.


  an "active duty wartime or campaign badge veteran" means a veteran who served on active
  duty in the u.s. military, ground, naval or air service during a war, or in a campaign
  or expedition for which a campaign badge has been authorized under the laws
  administered by the department of defense.


  an "armed forces service medal veteran" means a veteran who, while serving on active
  duty in the u.s. military, ground, naval or air service, participated in a united
  states military operation for which an armed forces service medal was awarded pursuant
  to executive order 12985.


veteran status
please selecti am not a protected veteran
i identify as one or more of the classifications of a protected veteran
i don't wish to answer



form cc-305
omb control number 1250-0005
expires 1/31/2020

voluntary self-identification of disability
why are you being asked to complete this form?

  because we do business with the government, we must reach out to, hire, and provide
  equal opportunity to qualified people with disabilities1.  to help us
  measure how well we are doing, we are asking you to tell us if you have a disability or
  if you ever had a disability.  completing this form is voluntary, but we hope that you
  will choose to fill it out.  if you are applying for a job, any answer you give will be
  kept private and will not be used against you in any way.


  if you already work for us, your answer will not be used against you in any way.
  because a person may become disabled at any time, we are required to ask all of our
  employees to update their information every five years.  you may voluntarily
  self-identify as having a disability on this form without fear of any punishment
  because you did not identify as having a disability earlier.

how do i know if i have a disability?

  you are considered to have a disability if you have a physical or mental impairment or
  medical condition that substantially limits a major life activity, or if you have a
  history or record of such an impairment or medical condition.

disabilities include, but are not limited to:

blindness
deafness
cancer
diabetes
epilepsy
autism
cerebral palsy
hiv/aids
schizophrenia
muscular dystrophy
bipolar disorder
major depression
multiple sclerosis (ms)
missing limbs or partially missing limbs
post-traumatic stress disorder (ptsd)
obsessive compulsive disorder
impairments requiring the use of a wheelchair
intellectual disability (previously called mental retardation)


disability status
please selectyes, i have a disability (or previously had a disability)
no, i don't have a disability
i don't wish to answer

reasonable accommodation notice

  federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified
  individuals with disabilities. please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation
  to apply for a job or to perform your job.  examples of reasonable accommodation
  include making a change to the application process or work procedures, providing
  documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using
  specialized equipment.


1section 503 of the rehabilitation act of 1973, as amended.  for more
  information about this form or the equal employment obligations of federal contractors,
  visit the u.s. department of labor's office of federal contract compliance programs
  (ofccp) website at www.dol.gov/ofccp.


  public burden statement:  according to the paperwork reduction act of 1995 no persons
  are required to respond to a collection of information unless such collection displays
  a valid omb control number. this survey should take about 5 minutes to complete.








 



share this job:    













powered by 

 
      read our privacy policy
















