captech consulting data scientist | smartrecruiters

data scientistcharlotte, nc, usafull-timecompany descriptioncaptech is an award-winning national management technology-consulting firm with an enterprising, entrepreneurial environment. we have achieved four straight years ranked in the top 10 of consulting magazine’s best firms to work for, including a #5 ranking overall in 2015. additionally, we placed 28th within the vault consulting 50 for the second year in a row, including a #5 ranking in work/life balance.at captech you’ll experience a flat organizational structure with access to constant learning -- where your career path isn’t set in stone, and you have unlimited potential for growth. captech is based upon a culture of mutual respect. we look for, and hire the best. the creatively innovative, the technically insightful, the driven, the self-managed, the value conscious, the caring, and the gracious person – these are all qualities that we look for along with a love and a passion for the work that we do.  job descriptioncaptech data scientists are responsible for designing and implementing data-driven solutions for our clients, with specific focus on advanced analytical methods, data models and visualizations. captech employees enjoy a collaborative environment and have many opportunities to learn from and share knowledge with other captech analysts, architects, and our clients.specific responsibilities for the data science position include:strategizing with clients on and implementing new analytical approaches (e.g., designing new segments to analyze customer behavior).developing data models and transformations, visualizations and reports using a variety of enterprise-level data platforms, e.g., hadoop, teradata, amazon web services.designing and developing advanced analytical methods on client data (e.g., link analysis, natural language processing, decision trees and risk scoring).deconstructing client needs into data-driven processes/models and analytical measures.growing captech’s data science practice through client presentations, writing proposals, attending various business development events and leading teams of junior data analysts.qualificationsspecific qualifications for the data scientist position include:5+ years of hands-on experience manipulating and analyzing large (multi-billion record) data sets.comfort and proficiency in generating cross-industry business requirements and translating them down to data-driven approaches. experience in three (or more) of the following analytical practices: consumer analysis, marketing analysis, financial analysis, website analysis, healthcare analysis and/or social media analysis.expert proficiency in sql, mapreduce/hive, nosql and/or other data transformation techniques.moderate to expert proficiency in modern data manipulation techniques: machine learning, natural language processing/text mining, predictive intelligence/statistics and simulation.3+ years of demonstrable python programming experience5+ years of experience with enterprise reporting platforms (e.g., tableau, microstrategy, business objects, etc.) and developing advanced data visualizations.expert proficiency with data warehousing tools/environments: base sas, teradata, oracle, hadoop, sql server.5+ years of experience developing analytical metrics and measures for business/c-suite level reporting.strong communication, powerpoint and writing skills.additional informationwe offer challenging and impactful jobs with professional career paths. all captechers can keep their hands on technology no matter what position they hold. our employees find their work exciting and rewarding in a culture filled with opportunities to have fun along the way.at captech we offer a competitive and comprehensive benefits package including, but not limited to:competitive salary with performance based bonus opportunitiessingle and family health insurance plans, including dental coverageshort-term and long-term disabilitymatching 401(k)competitive paid time offtraining and certification opportunities eligible for expense reimbursementteam building and social activitiesmentor program to help you develop your careerat this time, captech cannot transfer nor sponsor a work visa for this position. applicants must be authorized to work directly for any employer in the united states without visa sponsorship.candidates must be eligible to work in the u.s. for any employer directly (we are not open to contract or “corp to corp” agreements).   captech is an equal opportunity employer.  captech is a drug-free work place. candidates must have the ability to work at captech’s client locations.  all positions include the possibility of travel.captech has not contracted/does not contract with any outside vendors in its recruitment process. if you are interested in this position, please apply to captech directly.i'm interestedi'm interestedrefer a friendshare this jobpowered by