













 bank of america job - quantitative finance analyst , atlanta, ga; charlotte, nc;  - united states













skip to main content
menu





navigation

home 
our company

our business


working here

culture, inclusion, people
military & veterans
benefits & advantages
career development & learning
recruitment tips


locations
career areas

search jobs
events
applicants with disabilities

united states
change location

argentina
australia
bahamas
bahrain
belgium
brazil
canada
cayman islands
chile
china
colombia
costa rica 
france
germany
greece
hong kong
india
indonesia
ireland
isle of man
israel
italy
japan
jersey
lebanon
luxembourg
malaysia
mexico
monaco
netherlands
norway
panama
peru
philippines 
poland
portugal
russia
saudi arabia
singapore
south africa
south korea
spain
sweden
switzerland
taiwan 
thailand
turkey
united arab emirates
united kingdom
united states
uruguay
venezuela







search jobs





quantitative finance analyst
atlanta, ga; charlotte, nc;  - united states
job number: 17074294
back to job search results


apply now for this job >



job description

job description:the quantitative analyst will focus on the analysis and development of quantitative methods/tools on varied data sources. the primary focus of this role will be to support the quantitatively research, machine learning analytics, and technological development of enterprise risk analytics solutions.in addition the quantitative  analyst will have the opportunity to assist in the development and support of quantitative credit risk models,  data science/machine learning innovation initiatives in the risk space. the position requires strong quantitative and technical skills.responsibilities•         support the quantitative research and technological development function with varied data sources•         support data science, predicative analysis, and machine learning initiatives in global risk analytics •         collaborate and communicate analytical findings, orally and visually•         provide analytical and technical support in enhancing existing quantitative tools•         develop analytical solutions by asking the right questions and finding the right answerqualifications•         undergraduate degree in math, statistics, computer science and/or engineering•         strong knowledge of machine learning and data science - supervised/unsupervised learning algorithms, and feature engineering techniques.•         strong technical skills in database and statistical packages: python, r, sas, sql, excel, vba•         strong ability to effectively communicate quantitative topics and concepts•         good ability to code a plus:  java, scala, pig/hive, and spark a plus•         graduate level finance/mathematical related degree a plus•         1 to 3 years work experience at another financial services firm in the area of quantitative research/development•         good knowledge of financial, mathematical and statistical theory and practice


posting date: 11/03/2017 
location: atlanta, ga, atlanta plaza, 600 peachtree st ne, charlotte, nc, bank of america corporate center, 100 n tryon st,  - united states 

travel: yes, 5% of the time 


full / part-time: full time 
hours per week: 40 
shift: 1st shift  




already have a candidate profile? log in to access and update your current profile to access and update your current profile.  
assistance for applicants with disabilities
bank of america is committed to ensuring that our online application process provides an equal employment opportunity to all job seekers, including individuals with disabilities. if you believe you need a reasonable accommodation in order to search for a job opening or to submit an application, please visit the applicants with disabilities page. 
diversity & inclusion
at bank of america, our commitment to diversity and inclusion is helping us to create not only a great place to work, but also an environment where our employees, our customers and our communities around the world can reach their goals and connect with each other. all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. 
frequently asked questions 
need to know how to apply online, view a list of your submitted job applications or reset your password? visit our faq section for answers to these questions and more.

bank of america employees
bank of america employees should access the internal jobs database.






return to top


faq | 
events | 
campus | 
about us | 
returning job seekers | 
pay transparency | 
privacy policy | 
eeo statement | 
site map 


© bank of america, n.a. member fdic. equal housing lender. © 2014 bank of america corporation. all rights reserved.

follow us:

go to twitter page

twitter page :  bofa_careers
twitter page :  ml_careers


go to facebook page
go to linkedin page

linkedin page :  bank of america
linkedin page :  merrill lynch 






life's better when we're connected 








thanks for your interest in this job
we're updating our website and regret that we cannot accept your job application right now. please try again after 1 a.m. gmt monday, 12 december. 
thank you for your patience!
life’s better when we’re connected ®











