








apply for siemens intern -  operation expert - machine learning for engineering job - human resources - charlotte, north carolina
























skip to main content




















global job opportunities

toggle navigation











global job opportunities
life at siemens
what we do
search careers
faq


global job opportunities
life at siemens
what we do
search careers
faq



careers home
search jobs


					check application status / manage profile
					



global jobs






















































siemens careers






share this job


























intern -  operation expert - machine learning for engineering


locations:
charlotte, north carolina




job family: human resources





apply

english (us)






job description



division: corporate technologybusiness unit: corporate technologyrequisition number: 219129primary location: united states-north carolina-charlotteassignment category: full-time regularexperience level: entry leveleducation required level: master's degreetravel required: nodivision description:siemens is a global technology powerhouse that has stood for engineering excellence, innovation, quality, reliability and internationally for more than 165 years. as a global technology company, siemens is rigorously leveraging the advantages that this setup provides. to tap business opportunities in both new and established markets, the company is organized in nine divisions: power and gas, wind power and renewables, energy management, building technologies, mobility, digital factory, process industries and drives, healthineers and financial services. our support functions are split into two organizations, corporate core and corporate services. these organizations provide essential services to better enable responsible and profitable growth. for more information, please visit: http://www.siemens.com/businesses/us/en/job description:  intern – optimization guru - machine learning for engineering
 
description: 
are you interested in driving the revolution from automated to autonomous systems in real industrial applications?
 
here’s the right internship opportunity for you!
 
join our research group future of automation located in charlotte, nc, for a 6 month internship, and investigate new methods to introduce automation in diverse application areas such as advanced manufacturing in smart factories, materials informatics, automation in process structure property linkages and robotics. our close contact to different business units in siemens provides the opportunity to contribute to and gain experience in real industrial applications. during this internship, you will experience the excitement and challenges of industrial research. an internship with siemens corporate technology is a great opportunity for student to gain real world experience in a diverse work environment.
 
siemens background
 
for nearly 170 years, pioneering technologies, and the business models developed from them, have been the foundation of siemens’ success. our central research and development unit, corporate technology (ct) plays an important role in this. together with its global network of experts, ct is a strategic partner to siemens’ operative units. it provides important services along the entire value chain – from research and development to production and quality assurance, as well as optimized business processes. the support provided to the businesses in their research and development activities is ideally balanced with ct’s own future-oriented research. siemens’ central research and development arm sees itself as a strategic partner to the company’s businesses. it plays a key role in achieving and maintaining leading competitive positions in the fields of electrification and automation while at the same time helping siemens fully tap into the growth field of digitalization.
 
our charlotte facility is recognized for providing a stimulating environment for highly talented and self-motivated students. you will have the opportunity to test your knowledge in a challenging problem-solving environment. you will be encouraged to think out-of-the-box, innovate and find solutions to real-life problems. our team has a strong publication record in leading journals and conferences.
 
what are my responsibilities?
 


you will contribute to industrial research projects on machine learning applied to real engineering and production/ manufacturing data

you will collaborate and exchange ideas with experts in the fields of optimization, automation, machine learning and engineering disciplines

you will implement concepts and solutions to create a demonstrator prototype.
 
what skills are needed to qualify for this internship?
 

a current student pursuing a ms/ phd degree in computer science, applied statistics, engineering design or mechanical engineering
profound knowledge of engineering fundamentals and an appetite for systems thinking
good mathematical background with a strong orientation towards statistical thinking and multi-disciplinary optimization
experience in developing metamodels using dimensionality reduction (principal component analysis) and regression techniques
good programming knowledge in c++, python, r e.g. writing reusable code
practical experience in developing scripts for tools automation e.g. scripts for excel plug in to mathcad, nx plug in through excel, ansys,  et cetra 
domain knowledge in machine learning algorithms and techniques is preferred, especially in the area of bayesian inference, neural networks and model calibration
excellent team working and communication (verbal & written) skills in english
flexibility and adaptability to work in a growing, dynamic, interdisciplinary team of experts.
 
successful candidate must be able to work with controlled technology in accordance with us export control law. us export control laws and applicable regulations govern the distribution of strategically important technology, services and information to foreign nationals and foreign countries. siemens may require candidates under consideration for employment opportunities to submit information regarding citizenship status to allow the organization to comply with specific us export control laws and regulations. additional information on the us export control laws & regulations can be found on https://www.bis.doc.gov/index.php/policy-guidance/deemed-exports/deemed-exports-faqs



equal employment opportunity statement

      siemens is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer encouraging diversity in the workplace. all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to their race, color, creed, religion, national origin, citizenship status, ancestry, sex, age, physical or mental disability, marital status, family responsibilities, pregnancy, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender expression, gender identity, transgender, sex stereotyping, protected veteran or military status, and other categories protected by federal, state or local law.
    

eeo is the law

      applicants and employees are protected under federal law from discrimination. to learn more,
      click here.
    

pay transparency non-discrimination provision

      siemens follows executive order 11246, including the pay transparency nondiscrimination provision. to learn more,
      click here.
    






 





check application status / manage profile



global jobs
united states jobs


us only: review accommodations for disability
contact us




© siemens ag, 1996 – 2017 |
corporate information |
privacy policy |
cookie policy |
terms |
digital id


jobs & careers on:













jobs & careers on:








© siemens ag, 1996 – 2017 |
imprint






















