



job application for data analytics instructor at trilogy ed






















          apply now
        
data analytics instructor

        at trilogy ed
      
(view all jobs)

        university of north carolina at charlotte
      


are you an experienced data analyst who is passionate about education and making an impact? do you love empowering others to find life-changing opportunities? then this may be the position for you!
at trilogy education services, we create innovative programs to train new audiences for careers in the digital economy. our programs have been in existence since october 2015, and since that first class, we've launched an additional 300 classes across the nation. we have hired more than 900 instructors and teaching assistants to support our students, and along the way, we have never changed our model for the experiences that define a successful instructor:

tutoring
ta
mentor
coaching a little league
volunteering (for literally anything)
meetups (running your own or attending one)
publishing an article
conducting guitar lessons (or any instrument)
theater experience
stand-up comedy

you'll notice above that prior teaching experience isn't a prerequisite for success as an instructor. if you bring knowledge, strong communication, and a positive energy to the classroom, you're going to help students along their transformative path to a successful and rewarding career.
we'll provide the guidance, training, lesson plans, and tools to support you on your journey of impacting lives in the classroom.
check out the program details here.
skills & requirements
must haves:

at least 5 years of experience recommended
bachelor's degree

tech skills:

python pandas
matplotlib
beautiful soup
html5
css3
d3
leaflet
sql, nosql
tableau
machine learning, hadoop

what you will do:

follow detailed lesson plans that are taught in classrooms across the country
support students individually as they go through an emotional roller coaster
infuse empathy, support, and encouragement into all educational materials you create

logistics:

24-week program
mon/wed/sat or tue/thu/sat schedule
weekday classes: 5:45 - 10pm (includes office hours and break)
saturday classes: 9:30 - 2:30pm (includes office hours and lunch break)

other perks:

maintain your current career while teaching
nonstop learning
plenty of room for advancement
ongoing training and a culture of investing in employee growth
university .edu email address (discounts!)








apply for this job

* required
        







first name *



last name *



email *



phone *




              location (city)
            



resume/cv


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 














cover letter *


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 

















linkedin profile
    





website
    





how did you hear about this job?
    





github profile:
    











 



share this job:    













powered by 

 
      read our privacy policy
















