













 bank of america job - data technical lead- aml/financial crimes technology (charlotte, nc) , charlotte, nc, united states













skip to main content
menu





navigation

home 
our company

our business


working here

culture, inclusion, people
military & veterans
benefits & advantages
career development & learning
recruitment tips


locations
career areas

search jobs
events
applicants with disabilities

united states
change location

argentina
australia
bahamas
bahrain
belgium
brazil
canada
cayman islands
chile
china
colombia
costa rica 
france
germany
greece
hong kong
india
indonesia
ireland
isle of man
israel
italy
japan
jersey
lebanon
luxembourg
malaysia
mexico
monaco
netherlands
norway
panama
peru
philippines 
poland
portugal
russia
saudi arabia
singapore
south africa
south korea
spain
sweden
switzerland
taiwan 
thailand
turkey
united arab emirates
united kingdom
united states
uruguay
venezuela







search jobs





data technical lead- aml/financial crimes technology (charlotte, nc)
charlotte, nc, united states
job number: 17070458
back to job search results


apply now for this job >



job description

job description:manages a function or unit within the technology environment. manages application programmers and makes all decisions on personnel actions including staffing, performance management and compensation decision-making. supports systems through maintenance, modification, problem resolution to support ongoing delivery of services and/or operations. formulates/designs systems scope and objectives for the applications/development of a major project or multiple lesser projects. responsible for instructing, directing, and checking the quality and timeliness of other systems professionals. works on most difficult or complex systems. may provide expertise in determining the strategic technical direction and system architecture for initiatives. provides training and technical assistance to more junior associates. typically requires 5-7 years of applicable experience.line of business job description and responsibilities:join a talented team of aml/financial crimes technology professionals responsible for providing e2e solutions in support of aml data platform(s), ai and machine learning capabilities in support of gfcc (global financial crimes compliance). responsibilities include end-to-end technology leadership, delivery management, and be the primary point of contact with the business partners for prioritization and acceptance of the final product.• lead requirements gathering sessions with business partners.  work in a fast-paced, cross-functional team environment to identify key business requirements that address competitive differentiators, client usability, and overall customer satisfaction• lead a group of technology developers across us and india, represent the business sponsor and ensure the original business objectives (scope) are met and that projects stay “on time and on budget”.  this will also involve providing project updates to senior managers as part of weekly routines •  lead and manage vendor employees to ensure on-time and high quality deliverables required skills:10+ years of hands-on technology development experience with data (sql, teradata, oracle, hadoop. etc.)6 to 8 years of banking and financial services experience, especially in the data sourcing, and data processing side4 to 6 years of hands-on technology leadership (technical lead) experience with data (sql, teradata, oracle, hadoop. etc.)good communication and presentation/articulation skillsdesired skills:experience with bank data across these domains - customer, account, transactionsexperience with aml processes - kyc as well as mentoring and detectionsexperience with requirements gathering and facilitating the conversationsexposure to agile sdlcexposure to big data (hadoop)


posting date: 11/01/2017 
location: charlotte, nc, one independence center, 101 n tryon st,  - united states 

travel: no 


full / part-time: full time 
hours per week: 40 
shift: 1st shift  




already have a candidate profile? log in to access and update your current profile to access and update your current profile.  
assistance for applicants with disabilities
bank of america is committed to ensuring that our online application process provides an equal employment opportunity to all job seekers, including individuals with disabilities. if you believe you need a reasonable accommodation in order to search for a job opening or to submit an application, please visit the applicants with disabilities page. 
diversity & inclusion
at bank of america, our commitment to diversity and inclusion is helping us to create not only a great place to work, but also an environment where our employees, our customers and our communities around the world can reach their goals and connect with each other. all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. 
frequently asked questions 
need to know how to apply online, view a list of your submitted job applications or reset your password? visit our faq section for answers to these questions and more.

bank of america employees
bank of america employees should access the internal jobs database.






return to top


faq | 
events | 
campus | 
about us | 
returning job seekers | 
pay transparency | 
privacy policy | 
eeo statement | 
site map 


© bank of america, n.a. member fdic. equal housing lender. © 2014 bank of america corporation. all rights reserved.

follow us:

go to twitter page

twitter page :  bofa_careers
twitter page :  ml_careers


go to facebook page
go to linkedin page

linkedin page :  bank of america
linkedin page :  merrill lynch 






life's better when we're connected 








thanks for your interest in this job
we're updating our website and regret that we cannot accept your job application right now. please try again after 1 a.m. gmt monday, 12 december. 
thank you for your patience!
life’s better when we’re connected ®











