


careers - tealium -data scientist














































please enable cookies to continue
please enable cookies in your browser to experience all the personalized features of this site, including the ability to apply for a job.







welcome page







returning candidate?

log back in!












data scientist


job locations

us-ca-san diego





req no

2017-1596


category

201 engineering


type

regular full-time









overview






who we aretealium is the leader in real-time unified marketing solutions, helping brands seamlessly integrate their siloed applications and data, and drive more profitable interactions across all digital touchpoints. tealium’s open real-time universal data hub (udh) is a platform that enables digital marketers, data and analytics, and it the ability to manage, govern, enrich, activate, and own their overarching corporate data strategy, reducing chaos and building better customer experiences. founded in 2008, tealium is the most trusted vendor in its space and its award-winning solutions are used by hundreds of global enterprises, including ancestry.com, t-mobile, microsoft, hp, uber, facebook, kimberly-clark, lds church, petco, american airlines, priceline, univision, orange, sony, and many others. what we are looking forwe are seeking an enthusiastic data scientist ready to fully leverage vast data sets of the tealium universal data hub using machine learning, optimization techniques, and predictive modeling.








responsibilities/qualifications






your day to daycollaborate with our product development and digital strategy teams to build the next generation predictive-based action platform.discover insights across a wide range of industries, including e-commerce, enterprise lead generation, content providers, and more.leverage your engineering skills in both research and product development capacities.create models to optimize marketing and ad campaigns, product recommendations, spend optimization, and beyond. why you are the perfect fityou bring industry experience in marketing, ecommerce, and/or ad networks you possess a master’s degree in data science or comparable studies.you have a strong machine learning software development skills in java or r.you have experience with data processing platforms and technologies such as hadoop and spark.you have experience with aws technologies such as dynamodb and emr.you possess knowlege of tensorflow, scikit-learn and pythonyou enjoy challenging yourself in kaggle competitions and maybe even ranked high as a competitor








perks/company overview






why you want to work herethe highly relevant and differentiated positioning of tealium and our universal data hub (udh) make this a unique career opportunity that could be once in a lifetime.  organizations from small businesses to large global enterprises are standardizing on tealium to drive improvements in their overall data and digital efforts, and we are a foundational platform to the smartest organizations and their strategy moving forward.  there are over 750 global enterprises now using tealium and we have >92% renewal rates, which is best in class. our corporate headquarters is located in sunny san diego! our office space in torrey pines is just minutes from the beach and surrounded by beautiful hiking trails.  our beautiful location is just one of the many perks we offer! at tealium we dress casual (but professional), enjoy the perks of a competitive paid time off policy, rich benefit plans, company holidays, 401(k) match, and employee stock options - just to name a few. not to mention we get to surround ourselves with amazing colleagues we enjoy working with daily.





options

apply for this job onlineapplysharerefer this job to a friendrefer


sorry the share function is not working properly at this moment. please refresh the page and try again later.

share on your newsfeed




socialize this job opportunity to a friend, colleague, or family member:










application faqssoftware powered by icimswww.icims.com









