
















qualcomm careers - job detail












skip navigation













































toggle navigation   

qualcomm


search jobs

drop & go


my profile



how to apply & faqs








go to qualcomm careers












search jobs









myprofile


































job detail



















 







job id
												



													e1960249
												


job title
												

deep learning  research engineer (qualcomm research, san diego)




post date
													

11/29/2017
													






														company
													
														-
													
														division
													
												



																	qualcomm technologies, inc.
																
																	-
																
																	corporate research & development
																
															





job area
												


													engineering - systems                           
													




location
												


													california - san diego
													




job overview
													



qualcomm research is looking for world-class researchers in machine learning/deep learning. come join a high-energy team of engineers building best-in-class solutions for computer vision, speech processing and video processing. you will be part of a multi-disciplinary team in a world-class team that has repeatedly won the major deep learning competitions, such as the imagenet large scale visual recognition challenge. collaborate with cross-functional teams spanning hardware, software and systems. see your design in action on industry-leading chips embedded in the next generation of smartphones, autonomous vehicles, robotics, and iot devices.  

the r&d work responsibility can include the development of new fundamental methods in the following areas
research minimal computation techniques to for speed and power efficiency
bayesian deep learning for mission-critical risk assessment
adversarial learning for robustness
generalized equivariance for data efficiency and model robustness
reinforcement learning for behavioral planning and resource management 
active learning on massive datasets for training efficiency
training at the edge for personalization and privacy








all qualcomm employees are expected to actively support diversity on their teams, and in the company.



minimum qualifications
													



3+ years in the following areas required: experience in deep networks (cnn, dbn, rnn, lstm, dcn) or reinforcement learning (rl)experience implementing dl/rl algorithms in high-level languages/packages (e.g. c++, java, matlab, or python) experience with classification and regression algorithms (e.g. svm, mlp)  



preferred qualifications
													



strong understanding of machine learning algorithms & principles, and numerical optimization 
experience using machine learning toolboxes (e.g. caffe, tensorflow, or pytorch) 
experience implementing machine learning algorithms on embedded platforms 
track record of research excellence and high quality publications 
knowledge of application areas, such as computer vision or speech analysis  














education requirements
												


required: master or phd degree with a focus on deep learning and/or computer vision.




													keywords
												













														you will need to  
														login
														into your profile to apply for this job.
														
														if you are a  
														new user, click here
														to create a profile.
													




messages








 




return to search results


send this job to a friend



 

  


applicants:

												if you need an accommodation, during the application/hiring process, you may request an accommodation by sending email to accommodationsupport@qualcomm.com





to all staffing and recruiting agencies:

											our careers site is only for individuals seeking a job at qualcomm.
											staffing and recruiting agencies and individuals being represented
											by an agency are not authorized to use this site or to submit profiles,
											applications or resumes, and any such submissions will be considered
											unsolicited. qualcomm does not accept unsolicited resumes or applications
											from agencies. please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias,
											qualcomm employees or any other company location. qualcomm is not
											responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes/applications.
											





eeo employer: including race, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, disability & veterans status.

















about qualcomm
contact us
careers
offices


qualcomm


twitter
facebook
linkedin
youtube
googleplus
pinterest






terms of use
privacy
cookie policy
©2013 qualcomm incorporated and/or its subsidiaries. all rights reserved.

nothing in this material is an
						offer to sell any of the components or devices referenced herein.
						references to "qualcomm" may mean qualcomm incorporated, or
						subsidiaries or business units within the qualcomm corporate
						structure, as applicable.materials that are as of a specific date,
						including but not limited to press releases, presentations, blog
						posts and webcasts, may have been superseded by subsequent events
						or disclosures.










