










jcvi: careers / career listings







 








 
 
 

 

 




home
about
research
sustainable lab
publications
education
giving
press
careers
contact






 
 






why choose jcvi?
career listings

internships



career opportunities













staff scientist - biostatistics



requisition code:info1317

location:la jolla, california

department:informatics

schedule:full time

  



job responsibilities

jcvi seeks to recruit a staff scientist with expertise in biostatistics as applied to the field of bioinformatics, genomics and machine learning.  the major focus will be to provide biostatistical expertise in the analysis of various “omics”-type data generated by jcvi research programs, with special emphasis on collaborative analysis of data generated by single cell genomics and flow cytometry technologies.  this will require not only the application of existing state-of-the-art statistical approaches, but also the development of novel statistical methods.  the staff scientist will also be given the opportunity to develop their own independent research program, on a path toward independence. in general, staff scientists at jcvi are responsible for making major scientific contributions to faculty research projects. as a member of a scientific team led by one or more faculty members, staff scientists are also expected to help develop new scientific projects by assisting with the preparation of proposals that seek resources to support new or ongoing projects. collaborate with jcvi faculty members to provide experimental design guidance and statistical analysis support for ongoing research projects, with a special emphasis on genomics and cytometry assay data.  develop an independent biostatistical research program, and obtain external support through funded grants and/or contracts.  communicate new technical/scientific approaches for the analysis and interpretation of these data to jcvi investigators and collaborators.  make contributions to the scientific literature and scientific conferences, and otherwise plays a key role in the advancement of the research project(s) and institute goals.  make substantial contributions towards the improvement of statistical analysis technology platforms used at jcvi.  develop new statistical analysis technology platforms as needed to achieve the scientific goals of the relevant research projects.  plan, design and execute analytical experiments in a self-directed manner; interpret experimental results. consistently produce reproducible scientific data and analyses. interact with project team and peers outside the team.    attend scientific meetings and trainings to keep abreast of latest scientific findings and developments.   publish results of scientific work in peer-reviewed journals or equivalent on a consistent basis.  participate in jcvi laboratory meetings and scientific working groups.  perform other related duties as assigned.  strictly adhere to all documented jcvi policies and procedures to include carrying out all functions required of institute employees (i.e. completion of timesheets in an accurate and timely manner). 

qualifications

 ph.d. in biostatistics, bioinformatics or related relevant field is required.  possess highly sophisticated skills in biostatistics and exhibits expert knowledge essential to the work of the project.  this includes familiarity and training with both frequentist and bayesian statistical methods, and r programming skills.  proficiency in high dimensional biological data analysis, including microarray, rna-seq, mirna-seq, genomic, epigenetic, metabolomics, proteomics, and flow cytometry data.  demonstrated initiative by introducing or informing themselves or others of new approaches, technologies and/or scientific resources.  demonstrated contribution to biomedical research projects and scientific papers.  demonstrated development of independence and initiative in research.   ability to conduct investigations in relevant scientific areas, formulate experimental hypotheses, and analyze and interpret scientific data.  strong computer aptitude, including experience with statistical, data analysis, and database software.  excellent organization and time management skills; flexibility to handle a variety of tasks and shift priorities simultaneously.  strong interpersonal skills; ability to effectively interact with all levels of staff and external contacts; ability to work as an effective team member.  cooperative and service-oriented attitude; must be able to work under pressure and maintain a professional demeanor.  superior verbal and written communications skills.  jcvi offers an excellent working environment and a competitive benefit package. equal opportunity employer. 

  


















 
 




careers  >  career listings


© j. craig venter institute | privacy statement | data disclaimer 



