


        senior data analyst / scientist -        hookit -         job board
    

























 






view our website



view all jobs















thanks for visiting the hookit job board. please review our current openings and apply to the positions that match your qualifications. 



senior data analyst / scientist


solana beach, ca                    

full time                

data science                    

senior manager/supervisor                


















 
senior data analyst / scientist
at hookit, we help brands maximize their sponsorship investments while empowering athletes, teams, leagues, and federations to prove and increase their value to sponsors. we are growing our team to support our meteoric growth in the new media, data-driven and insight focused sports sponsorship analytics space - an industry and approach we pioneered nearly five years ago. 
this year, more than $130b will be invested globally in sports sponsorship and related marketing activation. in years past, the value of sports sponsorship was broadly estimated based on assumptive, impression-based measurement of traditional media channels like television, print, and radio. with the massive growth and shift to social and digital media, these modern channels demand modern methods to track engagement and sponsorship value with real-time, verified data and insights.
hookit developed the first, most trusted standard in the global marketplace that effectively measures $5b per month of previously unknown sponsorship value that brands receive from athletes, teams, leagues, venues, and events in social and digital media. now actively tracking nearly 500,000 sports entities across the largest social and digital media platforms, hookit has become a must-have tool for digitally-focused, forward-thinking companies like major league soccer, soccer united marketing, canadian olympic team, monster energy, gopro, mclaren honda f1, kantar media, liverpool fc, pga european tour and world surf league, who use hookit’s platform to drive increased roi on their sponsorships.
overview
our ideal candidate has a passion for turning raw data into tangible, actionable insights.
responsibilities:

identify, research and support the integration of data sources and enrichments needed to derive actionable insights and ultimately, sponsorship roi
identify & develop appropriate machine learning/data mining/text mining techniques to uncover the value of the data
lead the full cycle of iterative big data exploration, including hypothesis formulation, algorithm development, data cleansing, testing, insight generation/visualization, and action planning
support the design and continued evolution of the data model, data storage schemes and infrastructure for efficient data manipulation and information retrieval
work closely with the sales, marketing, account management, implementation teams and customers to identify market need, translate into deliverable insights
work seamlessly with engineers & designers to deliver innovative product and amazing customer experience
input into product development and business strategies and direction

qualifications:

bs/ms degree in a quantitative discipline (mathematics, statistics, economics, computer science, etc.)
3+ years of relevant work experience in data analysis or related field
expertise in statistical software (preferably r) and sql
experience with nosql databases
experience with a general purpose programming language (python, c#, java, c++, etc.)
applied experience with machine learning on large datasets
experience with a business intelligence platform (tableau, palantir, i2, etc.)
experience articulating business questions and using statistical techniques to arrive at an answer.  experience translating analysis results into business recommendations.

our story
hookit began as sponsorhouse, a game-changing service to connect amateur athletes with sponsors online.  athletes & founders scott tilton and rj kraus developed a platform that connected hundreds of thousands of athletes with millions of deals, gathering mountains of data in the process. and, as the data grew, so did the story it was starting to tell... 
today, we are a fast growing team of 30 sports and technology experts widely recognized for solving our customer’s needs with innovative, reliable and easy to use tools.
based on the coast in solana beach, california, our culture is rooted in ensuring our team is happy with the work they are doing, where they are doing it and who they are doing it with. we want hookit to be the best, most fulfilling job everyone on our team has ever had.

read more



apply for position








            apply for this position        
required*



apply with linkedin







apply with indeed









first name*



last name*



email address*



address
















phone*



resume*

attach resume
                    or
                    paste resume



                        attach resume as .pdf, .doc, or .docx (limit 2mb) or
                        paste resume


 




                            paste your resume here or
                            attach resume file









cover letter*



who referred you to this position?



linkedin profile url:*



website, blog or portfolio:



desired salary*



the following questions are entirely optional.

                        to comply with government equal employment opportunity / affirmative action reporting regulations, we are requesting (but not requiring) that you enter this personal data. this information will not be used in connection with any employment decisions, and will be used solely as permitted by state and federal law. your voluntary cooperation would be appreciated. learn more.
                    



gender

decline to answerfemalemale

 


race/ethnicity

decline to answerwhite (not hispanic)african american/black (not hispanic)hispanic/latinoasianpacific islanderamerican indiannative alaskannative hawaiianmulti-racial

 



invitation for job applicants to self-identify as a u.s. veteran


a “disabled veteran” is one of the following:
                                        
a veteran of the u.s. military, ground, naval or air service who is entitled to compensation (or who but for the receipt of military retired pay would be entitled to compensation) under laws administered by the secretary of veterans affairs; or
a person who was discharged or released from active duty because of a service-connected disability.


a “recently separated veteran” means any veteran during the three-year period beginning on the date of such veteran's discharge or release from active duty in the u.s. military, ground, naval, or air service.
an “active duty wartime or campaign badge veteran” means a veteran who served on active duty in the u.s. military, ground, naval or air service during a war, or in a campaign or expedition for which a campaign badge has been authorized under the laws administered by the department of defense.
an “armed forces service medal veteran” means a veteran who, while serving on active duty in the u.s. military, ground, naval or air service, participated in a united states military operation for which an armed forces service medal was awarded pursuant to executive order 12985.




veteran status

 i identify as one or more of the classifications of protected veteran listed above i am not a protected veteran i don’t wish to answer
		



voluntary self-identification of disability

                                voluntary self-identification of disability form cc-305
                                omb control number 1250-0005
                                expires 1/31/2020
                            

why are you being asked to complete this form?

because we do business with the government, we must reach out to, hire, and provide equal opportunity to qualified people with disabilities.i to help us measure how well we are doing, we are asking you to tell us if
                                    you have a disability or if you ever had a disability. completing this form is voluntary, but we hope that you will choose to fill it out. if you are applying for a job, any answer you give will be kept private and will not be used against you in any way.
if you already work for us, your answer will not be used against you in any way. because a person may become disabled at any time, we are required to ask all of our employees to update their information every five years. you may voluntarily self-identify as having a disability on this form without fear of any punishment because you did not identify as having a disability earlier.


how do i know if i have a disability?


you are considered to have a disability if you have a physical or mental impairment or medical condition that substantially limits a major life activity, or if you have a history or record of such an impairment or medical condition.
disabilities include, but are not limited to:

blindness
deafness
cancer
diabetes
epilepsy
autism
cerebral palsy
hiv/aids
schizophrenia
muscular dystrophy
bipolar disorder
major depression
multiple sclerosis (ms)
missing limbs or partially missing limbs
post-traumatic stress disorder (ptsd)
obsessive compulsive disorder
impairments requiring the use of a wheelchair
intellectual disability (previously called mental retardation)



please check one of the boxes below:




                                                yes, i have a disability (or previously had a disability)                                            


                                                no, i don’t have a disability                                            


                                                i don’t wish to answer                                            




you must enter your name and date







your name
today's date





reasonable accommodation notice


federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified individuals with disabilities. please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job or to perform your job. examples of reasonable accommodation include making a change to the application process or work procedures,
                                    providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment.

isection 503 of the rehabilitation act of 1973, as amended. for more information about this form or the equal employment obligations of federal contractors, visit the u.s. department of labor's office of federal contract compliance programs (ofccp) website at www.dol.gov/ofccp. 

public burden statement: according to the paperwork reduction act of 1995 no persons are required to respond to a collection of information unless such collection displays a valid omb control number. this survey should take about 5 minutes to complete.






submit application














×close
forward this position





recipient email address (one)



your name



your email address



enter a message (optional)
the message cannot contain links




human check*




















powered by















