illumio data engineer | smartrecruiters

data engineersunnyvale, cafull-timecompany descriptionillumio, the leader in micro-segmentation, prevents the spread of cyber threats inside data centers and cloud environments. enterprises such as morgan stanley, bnp paribas, salesforce, workday, and oracle netsuite use illumio to reduce cyber risk and achieve regulatory compliance. illumio’s adaptive security platform™ uniquely protects critical information with real-time application dependency mapping and micro-segmentation that works in any data center, public cloud, or across hybrid deployments on bare-metal, virtualization, and containers. for more information about illumio, visit www.illumio.com/what-we-do and follow us @illumio.job descriptionwe are looking for a motivated and passionate engineer to join the data team of the policy compute engine (pce), the central brain of illumio’s adaptive security platform product. our data team is growing, and works in three primary areas: illumination - our flagship data visualization feature, data analytics, and cyber strategy. all are based on massive amounts of network flow data, joined with pce metadata such as labels, and with external data such as process and user information. illumination provides live insights across customer environments, visualizing complex application dependencies, identifying hidden risk, and automatically recommending optimized security policies (policy generator). our data analytics team builds scalable and fault-tolerant data pipeline infrastructure, and creates interfaces to ask questions of current and historical data (explorer). we are just getting started with our cyber strategy roadmap and have an exciting path ahead.  our goal is to take complex problems in the security space and make it simple and intuitive for the customer to protect their organizations. if you are interested in any or all of the above areas then this job is for you!qualificationsas an engineer on the data team at illumio, we expect you to have a basic system understanding and build new components from the ground-up with guidance from the engineering leads. we seek self-driven, independent, engineers who want to be hands-on and to deliver infrastructure as well as features in the above space. we want you to ask the right questions, articulate design trade-offs and propose solutions. we expect you to write and own code, both during and after release. we want you to move the product forward, and embody our ‘customers first’ philosophy. we want you to have experience building large scale and performant distributed systems, and building rest-ful web services and have the ability and desire to mentor interns, collaborate with peers within and across teams, and leaders in our organization. at illumio, we design systems and write code that runs both in our own multi-tenant cloud service and in customer datacenters around the world. we write unit and integration tests, as things need to just work ™. and we’re kept honest by a world-class qa team who will let us know if it doesn’t.our data team codes mostly in ruby, and do not use much of rails - web services are either passenger or thin-based. asynchronous coding is common, and enabled via eventmachine. our primary databases are postgresql; we use redis extensively for caching and data aggregation.  as we make our roadmap a reality, we are looking for someone who can work with these tools, and is open to working with new technologies as required.additional informationall your information will be kept confidential according to eeo guidelines.i'm interestedi'm interestedrefer a friendposted byaly schaefershare this jobpowered by