




data engineer























search for more jobs
forward this job to a friend

apply by email without registering
apply by creating/using  account


sign in


            language
        


                english
            


                français
            

                español
            










from:




to:



subject:



message:















ok
cancel
























email:



password:



forgot your password?
log in











please enter your registered email address, and we'll email you a link to reset your password right away.

your email






ok








from




subject



resume





browse





browse




browse







message





how were you referred to us? 









ok
cancel






























				previous
			


data engineer





			next
		





ref no.:
17-01308

location: 
santa clara, california

position type:contract




	description
are you a fan of data and enthusiastic about applying data (big and small) to real product? can you help to make significant contributions in an innovative application project with cutting edge client, data science and ai skill? does it sound exciting to you to improve billions of people's daily life and convenience?
if these describe you, we would love to hear from you!
duties and responsibilities (including essential functions)
¿ help to evolve large scale big data platform and tools in all aspects, from data collection to data processing, exploration, visualization and modeling.
¿ create and implement large scale solutions.
¿ apply client algorithms and solution in real business engagements.
¿ help create and demonstrate significant business values.
job specifications
education/knowledge:
¿ major/discipline: computer science/statistics/math/ee or related.
¿ degree requirement: master's degree with a minimum of 3 years of experience.
skills & abilities (technical or general):
requirements:
¿ knowledge of basic data analysis techniques (probability, statistics, machine learning).
¿ experience in building analytics platform for big data and cloud application;
¿ experience in data pre-processing, data cleansing and access;
¿ scale up from prototypes to production solution in big data and cloud environment.
¿ experience in implementing and validating data algorithms and models with solid programming skills (such as python, r, java or other) and machine learning libraries(such as tensorflow, keras, mllib, scikit-learn or other)
¿ familiar with big data tools such as hadoop, spark and flink.
¿ strong communication skills and ability to work well as part of a team.
	



apply by creating/using  account




for all w2 contract positions, no c2c is allowed.  please respond only if you are applying for position yourself and can be a direct employee of intellipro group inc.  *no recruiters or c2c*










ok





