
















qualcomm careers - job detail












skip navigation













































toggle navigation   

qualcomm


search jobs

drop & go


my profile



how to apply & faqs








go to qualcomm careers












search jobs









myprofile


































job detail



















 







job id
												



													e1958533
												


job title
												

software research engineer – neural processing engine




post date
													

11/28/2017
													






														company
													
														-
													
														division
													
												



																	qualcomm technologies, inc.
																
																	-
																
																	corporate research & development
																
															





job area
												


													engineering - software                          
													




location
												


													california - san diego
													




job overview
													



do you want the chance to create software that brings cutting edge machine learning technology to mobile devices? do you want to apply your software engineering skills across a range of computing cores like cpu, gpu, dsp, and custom machine learning hardware? 

qualcomm research does research in a wide range of areas such as 4g, 5g, internet of things, machine learning, robotics, computer vision, augmented reality, context-aware computing, multimedia streaming, low-power networks, wwan and next-generation wi-fi. 

in this role, you'll be a member of the software team in our deep learning research project, focused on developing the snapdragon neural processing engine software, the software that executes neural networks on all cores of a qualcomm snapdragon chip (e.g. cpu, gpu, dsp).
you will help design and implement the next generation neural processing engine software. you will work closely with other engineers both inside and outside of the project to enable new neural networks and machine learning applications on mobile devices.

working closely with software, hardware and systems engineers, your tasks and responsibilities will include the following: 

helping define the next generation software architecture for executing neural networks on mobile
gathering and helping define requirements for supporting new neural network architectures and machine learning applications
integrating and debugging software on device
supporting the commercialization of the neural processing engine software










all qualcomm employees are expected to actively support diversity on their teams, and in the company.



minimum qualifications
													



5+ years combined experience in the areas listed below:c++/c++11 programmingobject oriented designsoftware architecture definition



preferred qualifications
													



real-time software development
gpu and/or dsp programming
algorithm performance optimizations on either of cpu, dsp, gpu, preferably on snapdragon
compiler development
scripting (e.g. python, perl, shell), 
linux development environment
embedded software development
deep learning frameworks (e.g. caffe2, tensorflow, caffe)













education requirements
												


required: bachelor's, computer engineering and/or computer sciencepreferred: master's, computer engineering and/or computer science




													keywords
												


													software, machine learning, deep learning, architecture, compiler, c++, optimization
												










														you will need to  
														login
														into your profile to apply for this job.
														
														if you are a  
														new user, click here
														to create a profile.
													




messages








 




return to search results


send this job to a friend



 

  


applicants:

												if you need an accommodation, during the application/hiring process, you may request an accommodation by sending email to accommodationsupport@qualcomm.com





to all staffing and recruiting agencies:

											our careers site is only for individuals seeking a job at qualcomm.
											staffing and recruiting agencies and individuals being represented
											by an agency are not authorized to use this site or to submit profiles,
											applications or resumes, and any such submissions will be considered
											unsolicited. qualcomm does not accept unsolicited resumes or applications
											from agencies. please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias,
											qualcomm employees or any other company location. qualcomm is not
											responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes/applications.
											





eeo employer: including race, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, disability & veterans status.

















about qualcomm
contact us
careers
offices


qualcomm


twitter
facebook
linkedin
youtube
googleplus
pinterest






terms of use
privacy
cookie policy
©2013 qualcomm incorporated and/or its subsidiaries. all rights reserved.

nothing in this material is an
						offer to sell any of the components or devices referenced herein.
						references to "qualcomm" may mean qualcomm incorporated, or
						subsidiaries or business units within the qualcomm corporate
						structure, as applicable.materials that are as of a specific date,
						including but not limited to press releases, presentations, blog
						posts and webcasts, may have been superseded by subsequent events
						or disclosures.










