
















qualcomm careers - job detail












skip navigation













































toggle navigation   

qualcomm


search jobs

drop & go


my profile



how to apply & faqs








go to qualcomm careers












search jobs









myprofile


































job detail



















 







job id
												



													e1960066
												


job title
												

connected camera systems engineer (qct camera san diego) 




post date
													

12/06/2017
													






														company
													
														-
													
														division
													
												



																	qualcomm technologies, inc.
																
																	-
																
																	cdma technology
																
															





job area
												


													engineering - systems                           
													




location
												


													california - san diego
													




job overview
													



the candidate will be a member of qualcomm's connected camera systems team and will be responsible for developing new ip camera features encompassing 2d/3d image capture, image/video post-processing etc. the main responsibility is to develop and optimize advanced image processing features such as high dynamic range, motion compensated temporal filter, fisheye lenses correction, etc. in embedded systems. the candidate may need to provide support to domestic and international customers. 







all qualcomm employees are expected to actively support diversity on their teams, and in the company.



minimum qualifications
													



5+ years industry experience required in the following areas:  development experience in the ip (security or surveillance) camera industry camera signal processing, isp pipeline, and computer vision video encoders including h.264, h. 265 c/c++ and matlab coding fix-point implementation hands on experience with on-target development and debugging in embedded environment experience with translating advanced algorithms into real optimized implementation 



preferred qualifications
													



 phd degree preferred 
 advanced algorithm exp. - machine learning, computer vision
embedded sw experience such as arm and/or dsp is a plus 












education requirements
												


required: master's, computer engineering and/or computer science and/or electrical engineering preferred: doctorate, computer engineering and/or computer science and/or electrical engineering 




													keywords
												


													camera, image processing, video processing
												










														you will need to  
														login
														into your profile to apply for this job.
														
														if you are a  
														new user, click here
														to create a profile.
													




messages








 




return to search results


send this job to a friend



 

  


applicants:

												if you need an accommodation, during the application/hiring process, you may request an accommodation by sending email to accommodationsupport@qualcomm.com





to all staffing and recruiting agencies:

											our careers site is only for individuals seeking a job at qualcomm.
											staffing and recruiting agencies and individuals being represented
											by an agency are not authorized to use this site or to submit profiles,
											applications or resumes, and any such submissions will be considered
											unsolicited. qualcomm does not accept unsolicited resumes or applications
											from agencies. please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias,
											qualcomm employees or any other company location. qualcomm is not
											responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes/applications.
											





eeo employer: including race, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, disability & veterans status.

















about qualcomm
contact us
careers
offices


qualcomm


twitter
facebook
linkedin
youtube
googleplus
pinterest






terms of use
privacy
cookie policy
©2013 qualcomm incorporated and/or its subsidiaries. all rights reserved.

nothing in this material is an
						offer to sell any of the components or devices referenced herein.
						references to "qualcomm" may mean qualcomm incorporated, or
						subsidiaries or business units within the qualcomm corporate
						structure, as applicable.materials that are as of a specific date,
						including but not limited to press releases, presentations, blog
						posts and webcasts, may have been superseded by subsequent events
						or disclosures.










