
















qualcomm careers - job detail












skip navigation













































toggle navigation   

qualcomm


search jobs

drop & go


my profile



how to apply & faqs








go to qualcomm careers












search jobs









myprofile


































job detail



















 







job id
												



													e1956915
												


job title
												

video systems engineer(san diego and santa clara, ca)




post date
													

12/12/2017
													






														company
													
														-
													
														division
													
												



																	qualcomm technologies, inc.
																
																	-
																
																	cdma technology
																
															





job area
												


													engineering - systems                           
													




location
												


													california - san diego
													

															california - santa clara 



job overview
													



join qualcomm technologies inc. cdma technologies, based in san diego, california, and contribute to the corporate and industry-wide initiatives for developing video codec and protocols for multimedia services in wireless networks.
responsibilities:
contribute to the conception, development, implementation and optimization of new algorithms allowing to further improve coding efficiency over state-of-the-art video codecs such as hevc. considerable focus will be placed on compression of high dynamic range and wide gamut content as well as virtual reality (360) video.
actively participate in the related work of standardization forums: jvet, mpeg video and itu-t/vceg.
develop encoder algorithms such as mode decision, motion estimation and rate control. initiate ideas, design and implement algorithms for superior encoder performance, including perceptually based bit allocation. collaborate with hardware and software teams to come up with optimal solutions for various platforms including hardware, arm and dsp, etc. design encoder architecture, functional models and data structures for efficient implementation.







all qualcomm employees are expected to actively support diversity on their teams, and in the company.



minimum qualifications
													



experience required in one or more following areas: signal processing algorithms design for video and image processing. multimedia compression and relevant formats such as h.265/hevc, h.264/mpeg-4 avc. transform design, entropy coding, motion estimation and rd optimization. usage of machine learning techniques to support the optimization of existing video coders and the creation of new ones.perceptual video coding and visual quality assessment.record of innovation: granted patents, publications in the area of video source coding, processing, and/or transport.



preferred qualifications
													



proficiency in c++ and/or c programming, experience with simd and code optimization preferred.
knowledge of quantitatively assessing hardware implementation requirements of algorithms preferred. 












education requirements
												


required: master's, computer engineering and/or computer science and/or electrical engineeringpreferred: doctorate, computer engineering and/or computer science and/or electrical engineering




													keywords
												


													video, standards, mpeg, h.264, hevc, mpeg2, jvet, video codec, hm, jem
												










														you will need to  
														login
														into your profile to apply for this job.
														
														if you are a  
														new user, click here
														to create a profile.
													




messages








 




return to search results


send this job to a friend



 

  


applicants:

												if you need an accommodation, during the application/hiring process, you may request an accommodation by sending email to accommodationsupport@qualcomm.com





to all staffing and recruiting agencies:

											our careers site is only for individuals seeking a job at qualcomm.
											staffing and recruiting agencies and individuals being represented
											by an agency are not authorized to use this site or to submit profiles,
											applications or resumes, and any such submissions will be considered
											unsolicited. qualcomm does not accept unsolicited resumes or applications
											from agencies. please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias,
											qualcomm employees or any other company location. qualcomm is not
											responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes/applications.
											





eeo employer: including race, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, disability & veterans status.

















about qualcomm
contact us
careers
offices


qualcomm


twitter
facebook
linkedin
youtube
googleplus
pinterest






terms of use
privacy
cookie policy
©2013 qualcomm incorporated and/or its subsidiaries. all rights reserved.

nothing in this material is an
						offer to sell any of the components or devices referenced herein.
						references to "qualcomm" may mean qualcomm incorporated, or
						subsidiaries or business units within the qualcomm corporate
						structure, as applicable.materials that are as of a specific date,
						including but not limited to press releases, presentations, blog
						posts and webcasts, may have been superseded by subsequent events
						or disclosures.










