










jcvi: careers / career listings







 








 
 
 

 

 




home
about
research
sustainable lab
publications
education
giving
press
careers
contact






 
 






why choose jcvi?
career listings

internships



career opportunities













bioinformatics engineer



requisition code:micr1300

location:la jolla, california

department:microbial & environmental genomics

schedule:full time

  



job responsibilities

 bioinformatics engineeran entry level bioinformatics engineer position is open at jcvi in la jolla.  the successful candidate will be under the supervision of dr. chris dupont in the microbial and environmental groups    each of the projects involves metagenomic and metatranscriptomic examinations of microbial communities found in natural systems or the human body.the successful candidate should have a ms degree in computational biology, bioinformatics, engineering, or a similar program.  while on-job training in specific techniques is expected, a familiarity with the computational techniques and theory in the sequencing based analysis of microbial communities is necessary.  specific skill sets of interest include machine learning based data mining and the analysis of  metagenomes and metatranscriptomes.  strong communication and organizational skills are also required.  jcvi offers an excellent working environment and a competitive benefit package. for more information and to apply to this position, please visit our website at www.jcvi.org. equal opportunity employer aa m/f/vet/disability

qualifications

the successful candidate with have at least an ms degree in computational biology, bioinformatics, or a similar program.  while on-job training in specific techniques is expected, a familiarity with the computational techniques and theory in the sequencing based analysis of microbial communities is necessary.  specific skill sets of interest include metagenome assembly and the analysis of loci-based metagenomes and metatranscriptomes (eg. 16s ribotag sequencing).  strong communication and organizational skills are also required.  competency in one of the standard informatics coding languages (perl, python) is necessary.?jcvi offers an excellent working environment and a competitive benefit package. for more information and to apply to this position, please visit our website at www.jcvi.org equal opportunity employer.

  


















 
 




careers  >  career listings


© j. craig venter institute | privacy statement | data disclaimer 



