




san diego ajd





























skip navigation

japanese
returning user login
visit takeda.com


takedajobs.com
menu


japanese
returning user login
corporate website
what we do
japan
asia pacific
nemea
europe
latin america
us & canada



we act as a team
we
search jobs



search jobs


keyword or job number



location



radius
--select--
5 miles
15 miles
25 miles
35 miles
50 miles



go

*searching by partial keywords may not display all current opportunities. please view all jobs at takeda.


search with linkedin profile







staff scientist, biomedical informatics - san diego, ca
apply now


success profile
rewards
videos
news and events
overview
responsibilities
map
recent jobs


 


linkedin
twitter
facebook
youtube
instagram




success profile
what makes a successful member of our team? check out the top traits we are looking for and see if you have the right mix
animated graph

engage others motivates and influences others to gain support for ideas, strategies and actions in service to providing superior pharmaceutical products to patients; provides appropriate background so that messages are meaningful with audiences. 
collaboration establishes productive relationships and partners with others across the organization to ensure common understanding of objectives and achieve shared goals.
drive for results holds self and others accountable for delivering on commitments that align with our short- and long-term goals, never forgetting the end result is to help patients through innovation in medicine.
strategic approach makes sound decisions that are consistent with our mission, values and organizational objectives.
lead change proactively evaluates, promotes, and initiates change that creates value for patients, the organization, and our shareholders.
self awareness seeks feedback from others, modifies self-perceptions and actions based on this feedback, and actively develops skills and behaviors to enhance contribution.
develop capabilities seeks opportunities to develop oneself and others so that we can continue to achieve sustained growth.



rewards


teamwork
takeda builds strong, borderless and empowered teams through fairness and promoting shared goals. by working together, we optimize energy and can lead the change for a better world.


innovation
takeda implements bold initiatives on a daily basis by striving for continuous improvement and encouraging enthusiasm and creativity. this value speaks to attracting the best minds in the industry that are committed to delivering novel therapies to patients worldwide.


diversity
takeda respects and includes a broad range of people and ideas in its daily operations. our organization encourages each individual to act with empathy and to apply their unique skills to realize the company’s true potential.


passion
takeda's drive comes from perseverance, urgency and a strong desire to contribute to patients. we put this passion to work in everything we do and demonstrate courage to fight for ideas and objectives to raise the quality of our solutions, create stronger ties with our stakeholders, and deliver results.


commitment
takeda works to meet its responsibilities to stakeholders on a daily basis. we provide adequate support and challenge to ensure we deliver high-quality solutions that help more people around the world.


transparency
takeda appropriately shares information and promotes honest, sincere dialogue with stakeholders to build trust. this trust enables us to strengthen our relationships with employees and external communities.




videos











medicine for the world



























inspired by patients




























corporate citizenship activities





news and events


moving mountains
takeda's new research facility in san diego, ca, to open jan. 2019. "one of the really key features of this building is our intention to make it an external innovation and collaboration hub for san diego,” said david weitz, head of the unit. “our cafeteria and all-employees space is actually outside security purposely, so that we can welcome the community in for events.” - san diego union tribune, june 26, 2017.
click here to learn more

facebook
twitter



one vision: we aspire to cure cancer.
takeda pharmaceuticals is on the cutting edge of innovation, for more information on our latest breakthroughs and discoveries visit our newsroom today!
click here to access our newsroom

facebook
twitter



our communities
recently takeda california held their annual tour de takeda, donating $5 for every mile biked, ran or walked. by covering 3,362 miles, this year’s donation was $16,810! funds were given to four non-profit organizations: alzheimer’s association of san diego, torrey pines high school foundation science department, rancho ymca’s inclusion program and elementary institute of science.
click here to learn more

facebook
twitter





overview
takeda is a global, innovation-driven pharmaceutical leader with 30,000 professionals working together across more than 70 countries. we have maintained an unwavering dedication to put patients first for more than 235 years while we live our values of takeda-ism—integrity, fairness, honesty, and perseverance. we are united by our mission to strive towards better health and a brighter future for people worldwide through leading innovation in medicine. 
we focus our research and development on the core therapeutic areas of oncology, gastroenterology, central nervous system, and on providing vaccines that address the most important infectious diseases.  novel products, especially in oncology and gastroenterology, as well as our presence in emerging markets, fuel our growth.
takeda california generates highly disease-specific and patient-tailored transformative new medicines aligned with takeda’s global market strategies through research in gastrointestinal (gi), central nervous system (cns) and immunology. takeda california’s team of experienced scientists and clinicians deliver on the needs of patients by blending its internal capabilities, global takeda resources, and expertise and technology from best-in-class external partners. in early 2019, takeda california will open a new 165,000 square-foot building with the intent to make it an external innovation and collaboration hub for san diego.


responsibilities

are you looking for a patient-focused company that will inspire you and support your career?  if so, be empowered to take charge of your future at takeda.  join us as a staff scientist, biomedical informatics in our san diego office.here, everyone matters and you will be a vital contributor to our inspiring, bold mission.  as a staff scientist working on the research and development informatics team, you will be empowered to support bioinformatics and computational biology of target selection, validation, and mechanism of action investigations across multiple therapeutic areas such as gastrointestinal diseases and cns. position objectives:the
staff scientist will be part of a team focused on computational biology support
of reverse translation across multiple therapeutic areas of interest of takeda.
the staff scientist will apply expertise in computational biology and bioinformatics
to analyze large sets molecular profiling and phenotypic data for the identification
and characterization of genes, networks and pathways involved in normal and perturbed
physiology. this information will be used to understand the molecular basis of
disease pathology and the mechanism of action of drugs, and ultimately be used
for prioritization and selection of drug targets.position accountabilities:performs
computational analysis of rna-seq, other omics and real-world data data from
internal, collaboration and public sources. applies unsupervised and supervised
machine learning and other advanced algorithms to extract novel biologically
meaningful information.utilizes
multiple approaches for analyses of genes, networks and pathways.mines
biological databases and provides relevant biological context to large lists of
differentially expressed or regulated genes and prioritize them.provides
analysis and interpretation of data, specifically for the prioritization of new
drug targetswrites
study reports and presents data effectively in all settings and with
participants of all levels of the organization.education,
experience, knowledge and skills: phd or equivalent with
post doc and at least 0-3 years of bioinformatics experience, orms/ma with at least 10 years
of bioinformatics experience or,bs/ba with at least 12 years
of bioinformatics experience has
a solid background in basic cellular and molecular biology with an
understanding of a range of disease areas including neurobiology, gastroenterology,
immunology and oncology. exposure to a wide variety of therapeutic areas such
as cns, gastroenterology and oncology is a plus. must
be expert in sequencing data analysis such as rnaseq, dnaseq, scrna-seq, etc.be
familiar in the use of r (bioconductor), python, and other languages, and tools
commonly used for bioinformatics analysis such as omicsoft arraystudio,
cytoscape and clarivate metacore.understands
the advantages and limitations of various types of human genetic datasets (e.g.
gwas, cnvs, rare variants, etc.) and has hands on experience in using public
human genetics databases.is
able to develop creative methods for integration of human genetic data with our
proprietary mouse gene expression data to create a more robust drug target selection
pipeline.must
be able to apply methods of unsupervised machine learning algorithms such as
wgcna, k-means, hierarchical, dbscan, and/or spectral clustering and methods of
dimensionality reduction algorithms such as non-negative matrix factorization
(nmf), principal component analysis (pca), independent component analysis
(ica), manifold learning and similar techniques.must
be familiar and able to apply advanced machine learning methods such as hidden
markov chain, support vector machines, neural nets and deep learning
algorithms.strong
communication and team working abilities to contribute in a team that operates
as a unit on large projects.must
be able to apply network modeling methodsfamiliarity
with text mining algorithms is a plusphysical
demands: carrying,
handling and reaching for objects up to 25 lbs.able
to work in a lab environmentwhat takeda can offer you:401(k) with company match and annual retirement contribution plan tuition reimbursement company match of charitable contributionshealth & wellness programs including onsite flu shots and health screenings generous time off for vacation and the option to purchase additional vacation dayscommunity outreach programsempowering our people to shinelearn more at takedajobs.com.takeda is an eeo employer of minorities, women, disabled, protected veterans, and considers qualified applicants with criminal histories in accordance with applicable laws. for more information, visit http://www.takeda.us/careers/eeo_policy_statement.aspxno phone calls or recruiters please.#li-js1schedule





about our location
find out what it’s like to work in our san diego office.
view map









sign up for job alerts
sign up

email addressselect your interestssearch for a category and select one from the list of suggestions. search for a location and select one from the list of suggestions. finally, click “add” to create your job alert.categorylocationaddresearch and development, san diego, california, united statesremoveremove

confirm email











share

facebook
twitter
linkedin
email


current employees click here >





© 2017 takeda pharmaceutical company limited. all rights reserved.  |   sitemap
job seekers: protect yourself against identity theft. please be aware there are instances of identity thieves posting takeda-branded jobs and posing as employees to steal personal information. they visit job-related websites and invite candidates to online chats. during the chat, they press job seekers to provide bank account information and social security numbers.
at takeda, we do not ask for personal financial information during telephone, in-person or video interviews. and we are investigating ways to mitigate or stop this scheme. if you have concerns related to this issue, consider the following actions:  1) if in the u.s., place a freeze on your credit reports: https://www.consumer.ftc.gov/articles/0497-credit-freeze-faqs; 2) file a complaint with the u.s. federal trade commission: https://www.ftccomplaintassistant.gov/; and/or 3) file a report with your local police department.

            
a certified  top employer
terms of use
privacy policy















