

millennium health careers



























 












homecurrent openingsupdate your profilecreate a job agentupdate job agentemployment listings



 


your user session will timeout in 5 minutes.  please click ok to continue with your application.


















					10/31/2017
				

					health outcomes research programmer or statistician
				


						tracking code
					

						1942 
					

						job description
					

the following are intended to be examples of the accountabilities for which the person in this position is responsible.  this position is not intended to be complete or all-inclusive and does not preclude management from assigning other or related functions for which the individual has demonstrated competency through performance.
 

responsible for compliance with applicable policies and procedures.
access to emr/administrate claims data, review contents, audit for errors and omissions, and clean data into analytic format.
create and maintain detailed electronic database on local server.
develop statistical analysis plans (saps) to meet regulatory standards, coordinate and perform data analysis and validation as necessary, and provide data interpretation.
plan and track project activities, timelines, and resource use across projects. provide justification for planned resource needs.
develop standard statistical documents including tlfs, sap, programming specs, sas macros, standardized cdisc compliant data set documentation, and sops
write specifications for datasets, tables, figures, listings, and consistency checks for analyses; perform validation of key statistical results.
engage colleagues, key opinion leaders, co-investigator, vendor, and related functions on strategy of research and evidence needs, protocol development, statistical analysis, interpretation and presentation of study results, design and develop health economic models (cost utility, cost effectiveness, cost offset, budget impact, etc.).
conduct both interventional/non-interventional research projects for heor function.
conduct retrospective study using hospitals' charge data, claim data, and emr data.
provide input on study operation, crfs design, database specification, and combing priority data and secondary data.
timely and effectively communicate project status and results to all stakeholders.
presenting research results in professional meetings
authoring research for publication in scientific journals
travel required - 10%

 
millennium health offers a competitive, comprehensive benefits package.
millennium health is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer and e-verify participant.  all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, gender identity, sexual orientation or protected veteran status
https://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/ofccpost.htm


						required skills
					


doctorate degree in health economics, outcomes research, statistics, biostatistics or health services research
master’s degree in health economics, statistics, outcomes research, biostatistics or health services research and 3 years’ experience
outcomes research experience with administrative claims data and hospital emr data
experience with creating and maintaining detailed electronic databases for multiple studies, auditing for errors and omissions, and maintaining associated tables and statistics used for publication in papers resulting from the studies.
experience with machine learning is a plus
hand-on skill with sas (required)
skills with stata, r or other statistical software (optional)
must possess effective statistical analysis skills as well as the ability to write, read, interpret/translate, organize and communicate highly technical and complex scientific data and reports
must possess the ability to construct, interpret and clearly communicate information and data in a variety of formats 

 
 


						job location
					

						san diego, california, united states
					

						position type
					

						full-time/regular
					





							apply
						











					return to job listings
				












© 2017 millennium health, llc. all rights reserved










