software engineer, automation- autonomous vehicle maps - pittsburgh, pa - uber | uberskip to main contentuberrides on demandinstallridedrivehelpsign inwhat city are you in?become a driverrideoverviewhow it worksfare estimatorsafetycitiesairportsdriveoverviewrequirementsdriver appsafetyrewardseats and moreuber eatsuber for businessuber freightwhat city are you in?englishfollow usfacebooktwitterlinkedininstagramenter keywordall teamsall teamsadvanced technologies groupbusiness & salescommunicationsdesignengineeringfinance & accountingglobal community operationslegalmarketingoperations & launchpeople operationsproductpublic policyrentals & leasingsafety & securityuniversityall subteamsall subteamsall countriesall countriesaustraliaaustriabangladeshbrazilbulgariacambodiacanadachilecolombiacosta ricadenmarkecuadoregyptfrancegermanyhong kongindiaindonesiairelanditalyjapankorea, republic oflithuaniamalaysiamexicomyanmarnetherlandsnew zealandpakistanpanamaperuphilippinespolandportugalrussian federationsaudi arabiasingaporesouth africaspainsri lankaswedentaiwanthailandunited arab emiratesunited kingdomunited states of americavietnamall citiesall citiessearch open rolessearchcareerssearch open rolesopen rolessoftware engineer, automation- autonomous vehicle mapssoftware engineering, advanced technologies group in pittsburgh, paapply nowabout uber  we’re changing the way people think about transportation. not that long ago we were just an app to request premium black cars in a few metropolitan areas. now we’re a part of the logistical fabric of more than 600 cities around the world. whether it’s a ride, a sandwich, or a package, we use technology to give people what they want, when they want it. for the people who drive with uber, our app represents a flexible new way to earn money. for cities, we help strengthen local economies, improve access to transportation, and make streets safer. and that’s just what we’re doing today. we’re thinking about the future, too. with teams working on autonomous trucking and self-driving cars, we’re in for the long haul. we’re reimagining how people and things move from one place to the next.about the role we are looking for experienced software engineers capable of designing, implementing, bringing to production, and maintaining the advanced automation techniques for our autonomous vehicle mapping team.  software engineers on the automation team will work closely with software engineers and automation engineers across the av maps team to support more automation in map production.  we need experienced, production-focused software engineers developing highly-reliable products in a collaborative and fast-paced environment.what you’ll do  apply software engineering practices and principles to introduce advanced analytics, automation, and machine learning techniques to the map production pipelinetake a software architecture approach to designing and documenting advanced automation techniquessupport the code you design and write in production what you’ll need experience building advanced analytics, automation, and machine learning techniques in c++ and pythonexperience with and the ability to work with technologies such as linux, git, and tensorflowexperience with extremely large data setshigh bar for producing high-quality software about the team  the av maps team is responsible for producing the detailed maps used by the autonomy stack in the self driving vehicles uber is developing.  this map forms the core framework that the software on the vehicle uses to make real time decisions to navigate the world with a high degree of precision.  without the map, the cars cannot drive autonomously.  the av maps automation sub-team uses advanced analytics, automation, and machine learning techniques to make map building faster, and to make the highest quality maps for our self driving vehicles. apply nowsee our candidate privacy statementat uber we don’t just accept difference—we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. uber is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace. we are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or veteran status.uber is in 0 cities worldwidecity searchgo to uber.comsign up to ridebecome a driverenter your locationenglishhelphelpfacebooktwitterlinkedininstagramridedrivecitiesfare estimatefoodbusiness travelhow it worksairportscountriessafetycareershelping citiesour storyblognewsroommediauber apigift cardsuber vs driving jobstop citiessan franciscolondonlos angeleswashington d.c.mexico citysao paulotop countriesusafranceindiaspainmexicorussia© 2017 uber technologies inc.privacyaccessibilityterms