


        sr. robotics scientist -        bossanova robotics -         job board
    

























 






view our website



view all jobs















at bossa nova, we create service robots for the global retail industry. our robots' mission is to make large scale stores run efficiently by automating the collection and analysis of on-shelf inventory data. we are passionate about solving big problems and bringing solutions to our customers. we are growing fast and have many exciting open positions. if you are up to the challenge, we want to hear from you.  



sr. robotics scientist


pittsburgh, pa                    

full time                

r&d                    

experienced                


















at bossa nova we create service robots for the global retail industry. our robots’ mission is to make stores run efficiently by automating the collection and analysis of on-shelves inventory data in large scale stores.  navigating smoothly along the aisles, we circulate autonomously among busy customers and employees.  if we were a self- driving car we’d be operating at level 5 autonomy.  yep, it is possible to move, scan and analyze all at the same time. it is not that simple though and we rely on computer vision, 3d image processing and deep learning techniques to accomplish our mission. oh, we should add, it’s real, happening today, you can meet our robots in some of the world’s biggest retailers.

position: senior robotics scientist
location: san francisco or pittsburgh

responsibilities

develop algorithms for perception, including calibration in production and in the field

 

fuse various sensor inputs together to detect objects and people used by hri systems

 

build out triggers and communication pathways to the cloud to support monitoring operations

 

build and maintain robot software systems including acting as bridge between ros and communications to cloud.

 

use a combination of simulation, experimentation and mathematical analysis to evaluate the performance of algorithms and robotic systems

 

support testing of software and platforms for production

 
nice to have: 

develop algorithms for navigation, including mapping, localization, planning and hri

 
qualifications

6 years experience in robotics systems development and operation

 

deep experience in robotics systems integrating software and hardware

 

experience in two or more of the following: robot perception, point cloud algorithms, and machine learning.

 

3+ years of experience with ros and linux development

 

excellent c/c++ programing skills

 

good command of python and matlab

 

minimum degree: ms or phd in robotics or equivalent

 

nice to have: availability for travel overseas

 

nice to have: experience in management of robotics systems through ops tools such as ansible
us work authorization


read more



apply for position








            apply for this position        
required*









apply with










first name*



last name*



email address*



address
















phone*



resume*

attach resume
                    or
                    paste resume



                        attach resume as .pdf, .doc, or .docx (limit 2mb) or
                        paste resume


 




                            paste your resume here or
                            attach resume file










submit application














×close
forward this position





recipient email address (one)



your name



your email address



enter a message (optional)
the message cannot contain links




human check*




















powered by















