


        principal robotics engineer: autonomous driving -        stealth mode autonomous robotics -         job board
    

























 






view our website



view all jobs








                                                                         stealth mode autonomous robotics                                                                        





thanks for visiting our job board. please review our open positions and apply to the positions that match your qualifications. 



principal robotics engineer: autonomous driving


pittsburgh, pa                    

full time                

experienced                


















we are a stealth mode advanced robotics + r&d firm with offices in boston and pittsburgh. founded in 2015 by a veteran team, we have secured strategic partnerships with two fortune 500 companies (one of the largest global automakers and an offshore technology market leader). by coupling the capacity of these large companies with an agile and experienced startup team, we have delivered market impact results in record time.
the position
this role is a leadership position in our pittsburgh office. you will be responsible for managing our teams in that office, currently focused on software for autonomous driving. in cooperation with senior technical area leads, and other company leadership, you will provide overall technical direction and technical advice on algorithms and software architecture, leading the group to produce production-quality systems, on-time, and meeting/exceeding our clients' expectations.
your background
we require at a minimum the following experience

phd + 2 years industry experience, or masters + 5, or 10 years industry experience
proven ability to build and manage software teams

non-dogmatic
strong technical background and experience
even stronger people skills
team building / mentoring / coaching


strong desire to work in robotics
knowledge and experience in at least one (more is better) of:

robotics
embedded computing
automotive computing
computer vision
machine learning / neural networks



desired skills
the following experience / skills are not required, but we would love to see them:

linux, c++11, 14
python
professional software development tools and processes
producing safety-critical software
gpu programming (cuda)

benefits

competitive salary
stock options
medical, dental

location: our pittsburgh office is in the up and coming east liberty neighborhood.

read more



apply for position








            apply for this position        
required*



apply with linkedin







apply with indeed









first name*



last name*



email address*



address
















phone*



resume*

attach resume
                    or
                    paste resume



                        attach resume as .pdf, .doc, or .docx (limit 2mb) or
                        paste resume


 




                            paste your resume here or
                            attach resume file









cover letter*



in 150 characters or fewer, tell us what makes you unique. try to be creative and say something that will catch our eye!*

150



submit application














×close
forward this position





recipient email address (one)



your name



your email address



enter a message (optional)
the message cannot contain links




human check*




















powered by















