


        software: autonomous driving: planning and controls -        stealth mode autonomous robotics -         job board
    

























 






view our website



view all jobs








                                                                         stealth mode autonomous robotics                                                                        





thanks for visiting our job board. please review our open positions and apply to the positions that match your qualifications. 



software: autonomous driving: planning and controls


pittsburgh, pa                    

full time                

experienced                


















we are a stealth mode advanced robotics + r&d firm with offices in boston and pittsburgh. founded in 2015 by a veteran team, we have secured strategic partnerships with two fortune 500 companies (one of the largest global automakers and an offshore technology market leader). by coupling the capacity of these large companies with an agile and experienced startup team, we have delivered market impact results in record time.
we are growing fast, and we have a lot of openings to join our team.
the position
this role is with our autonomous navigation group, leading the planning and controls team. you will be responsible for developing the algorithms and building the software that runs on our vehicles. you will architect and craft production-quality systems, and have the opportunity to work with hardware that we are building.
your background
we require at a minimum the following experience

phd + 2 years industry experience, or masters + 5, or 10 years industry experience
expert in c++, linux, and professional software development tools and processes
proven ability to build and manage software teams
strong desire to work in robotics

you should understand and have experience with

state estimation: kalman filtering (causal/non-causal), particle filters, sensor fusion
planning: behavior planning, motion planning, trajectory generation
control: closed-loop controllers

desired skills
the following skills are not required, but we would love to see them:

c++11, 14
python
gpu programming (cuda)
qt
opengl
background in computer vision / machine learning / neural networks / robotics

benefits

competitive salary
stock options
medical, dental

location: our pittsburgh office is in the up and coming east liberty neighborhood.

read more



apply for position








            apply for this position        
required*



apply with linkedin







apply with indeed









first name*



last name*



email address*



address
















phone*



resume*

attach resume
                    or
                    paste resume



                        attach resume as .pdf, .doc, or .docx (limit 2mb) or
                        paste resume


 




                            paste your resume here or
                            attach resume file









cover letter*



in 150 characters or fewer, tell us what makes you unique. try to be creative and say something that will catch our eye!*

150



submit application














×close
forward this position





recipient email address (one)



your name



your email address



enter a message (optional)
the message cannot contain links




human check*




















powered by















