


        computer vision engineer -        compass business solutions, inc. -         job board
    

























 






view our website



view all jobs















thank you for visiting the compass business solutions, inc. job board.please apply to the position matching your qualifications by clicking on the appropriate job text link. 



computer vision engineer


pittsburgh, pa                    

full time                

experienced                


















as a computer vision engineer you will be responsible for the full range of the software life cycle, contributing to all aspects of development, application, interface, deployment and maintenance of image and lidar-based algorithms associates with robotic sensors.  responsibilities include but are not limited to:

identify, implement and evaluate solutions to challenging real-world 3d mapping and analysis problems from a software perspective.
apply cutting-edge research and novel approaches to refine data, analyze scenarios, and adapt algorithms into enhanced solutions and product offerings related to computer vision, robotics and/or machine learning.
develop and implement image and lidar-based algorithms based on knowledge of systems and hardware
analyze customer and end user use cases to determine and articulate how technology provides value to customers.
develop functional and performance requirements for mvs solutions and product offerings based on what our customers need.
incorporate mathematical algorithms and software into a fully realized user-level application.
update and refine offerings as needs and technology evolve.
develop and implement software using state-of-the art algorithms, design and development methods.
apply cutting-edge research and novel approaches to refine data, analyze scenarios, and adapt algorithms into enhanced solutions and product offerings related to computer vision, robotics and/or machine learning.
rigorously test and validate solutions under a wide range of real-world conditions.
identify solutions and optimize algorithms to create better products for our customers.
conduct software design and code reviews to support continued algorithm development and technological agility.
work with robotics engineers to implement algorithms.

knowledge, skills & abilities:

proficiency in c/c++ and object oriented software design, and proven ability to program in a variety of programming languages.
proficiency in computer vision, robotics, and machine learning.
proficiency in working with robotic sensors; collecting and processing raw data streams.
proficiency in and 3d rendering packages.
proficiency with state of the art software development paradigms.
proficiency working in and developing software in linux and windows.
knowledge of professional software engineering practices for full software development life cycle including coding standards, code reviews, source control management, build processes and testing.
knowledge of computer architecture and os fundamentals.
high initiative, seeking continuous improvement, actively engaging in problem solving.
effective oral and written communications.
excellent analysis, prioritization, decision-making, and implementation skills with a high level of personal responsibility.
must be trustworthy, conscientious, and accountable.
excellent interpersonal skills, adept at building relationships with individuals and groups of people with a very wide diversity of demographic and cultural characteristics.

education/experience:

bachelor’s degree in computer science, computer engineering, robotics or related field required; masters degree preferred.
3-5 of experience working with robotic sensors, camera calibration, or similar robotics experience preferred.
demonstrated related experience may be substituted for preferred education.

working conditions/physical demands:

travel up to 10% to work sites beyond the corporate office to support clients and conduct field trials.
perform light work - exerting up to 20 pounds of force frequently, and/or a negligible amount of force constantly to move objects.
see, hear, talk and perform tasks requiring manual dexterity; kneeling, standing, walking, pulling, pushing and other similar tasks requiring physical activity.
operate a computer, copier, fax, telephone and other office-based equipment.
the work setting is primarily office based but conditions may involve limited exposure to outdoor weather conditions, noise, vibrations, gasses, fumes, mists, dust and odors when in a field-based setting.


read more



apply for position








            apply for this position        
required*



apply with linkedin







apply with indeed









first name*



last name*



email address*



address
















phone*



resume*

attach resume
                    or
                    paste resume



                        attach resume as .pdf, .doc, or .docx (limit 2mb) or
                        paste resume


 




                            paste your resume here or
                            attach resume file









cover letter*



in 150 characters or fewer, tell us what makes you unique. try to be creative and say something that will catch our eye!*

150



submit application














×close
forward this position





recipient email address (one)



your name



your email address



enter a message (optional)
the message cannot contain links




human check*




















powered by















