














career opportunities: campus hiring data scientist i (22161) 


























javascript is turned off in your web browser. turn it on to take full advantage of this site, then refresh the page.

loading...














skip to main content












career opportunities: campus hiring data scientist i (22161)




















req id 22161 - posted 12/12/2017 - americas-us-tx-houston office - science and research



 &nbspjob description print preview









	                  apply
	                 
	         	 
              




                  apply using linkedin™
                 
               
              







	                  save job
	                





	                  email job to friend
	                





                  return to list
                







 



 






data scientist 


reporting to the director of science, the data scientist is a primary team member who works to innovate, test, discover, apply, and support statistical and machine learning models and algorithms for pros’ saas (software as a service) products. supporting the data scientist is a high-performance team of professionals from data science, engineering, marketing, product management, and the office of the cto. pros is powering modern commerce with dynamic pricing science! 
 
the company - pros:
pros holdings, inc. (nyse: pro) is leading the shift to modern commerce, helping competitive enterprises create a personalized and frictionless experience for their customers.  powered with dynamic pricing science, pros solutions make it possible for companies to price, configure and sell their products and services with speed, precision and consistency across all sales channels.  our customers lead their markets across more than 10 sectors, and benefit from 30 years of accumulated knowledge and data science infused into our purpose-built solutions.  pros drives more than 200 million prices and 1.7 billion forecasts every day for enterprises in more than 30 industries around the globe.  our mission is to help companies and the people who work for them outperform.  to learn more, visit pros.com.
 
a day in the life of the data scientist -about the role:

create, implement, and improve models and algorithms in pros’ software products to help generate predictions and prescriptive recommendations
explore potential innovations to pricing, revenue management and sales effectiveness through various techniques which could include machine learning, cognitive computing, time series forecasting, reinforcement learning, recommender systems and deep learning
help diagnose problems reported by our customers
run simulations and test new ideas
design specifications, with examples and test cases, for implementing models and algorithms into our software
collaborate with other data scientists and cross-functional teams to identify innovation opportunities and possible solution ideas

 
required qualifications - about you:
we are looking for candidates who possess the combination of the following achievements, skills and behaviors:

advanced degree (ph.d. preferred) in machine learning, statistics, or a related field
experience creating machine learning and statistical models
excellent written and verbal communication skills
strong programming skills in at least one of the following:  r, python, java, c/c++
thrives in a collaborative team environment: likes to work with others
self-starter with clear career goals
ability to apply creative thinking to find innovative solutions to business problems
positive mind-set and optimistic outlook who can contribute to a positive work culture
excellent references

 
skills & personal characteristics:

ownership
passion:
pride 
trust
integrity
innovation
customer centricity

 
why pros?
this is a unique opportunity to join the market leading company that has not only has 30+ years of proven success but also has a significantly under penetrated opportunity in a $30b addressable market.
pros culture and the truly extraordinary people who work here are at the very core of our success. we have a passion for what we do, and we won’t stop until we’ve delivered on our promises. we’re committed to the success of our customers. that’s why we think harder and dream bigger – so our customers can go even further than they ever imagined possible.
our people make pros stand out from the rest. if you want to be a part of something truly extraordinary, come help us shape the future of how companies compete and win in their markets.
 
work environment:
most work activities are performed in an office or home-office environment and require little to moderate physical exertion. work activities may require periods of extended hours, critical deadlines and stressful situations. to successfully complete the tasks of this position, individuals must be able to communicate clearly (in writing and orally), comprehend business terminology, interpret numerical data.
this job description is intended to convey information essential to understanding the scope of the job and the general nature and level of work performed by job holders within this job. this job description is not intended to be an exhaustive list of qualifications, skills, efforts, duties, responsibilities or working conditions associated with the position.
 
about pros
pros holdings, inc. (nyse: pro) is a cloud software company powering the shift to modern commerce by helping companies create personalized and frictionless buying experiences for their customers. fueled by dynamic pricing science and machine learning, pros solutions make it possible for companies to price, configure and sell their products and services in an omnichannel environment with speed, precision and consistency. our customers, who are leaders in their markets, benefit from decades of data science expertise infused into our industry solutions. to learn more, visit pros.com.






 









	                  apply
	                 
	           	
              




                  apply using linkedin™
                 
              
              







	                  save job
	                





	                  email job to friend
	                





                  return to list
                






















email this job to a friend





 








 


 



the job has been sent to
          


 



please provide the information below



job title:
        




*your email address:
        




*your friend's email address:
        



message:
        
         






verification code:
        





*please enter the verification code here:
        














send
            




cancel
            



















