





analytics & optimization consultant - careers @ortec












































































home
working@ortec
find jobs
news
about ortec

take a look inside


stay in touch




menu









consulting analytics & optimization consultant 
											full time















 


 ortec
 
 website






as an analytics & optimization consultant at ortec you will be part of a unique organization and team!
ortec is looking to hire an analytics & optimization consultant for our consulting department in houston. as an analytics & optimization consultant, you will be responsible for finding creative solutions to challenges faced by some of the most iconic businesses in the world, including shell, walmart, coca-cola, procter & gamble, heineken, and fedex. these solutions will be found by introducing operations research concepts and building applications within a mathematical solving software, such as aimms, gams, etc. you will engage with clients to fully understand their business constraints and process flows to make sure the solution that is provided to them will be implemented into their business successfully.
 
who you are
to perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. the requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
 
education and/or experience

master’s or phd degree in operations research, business analytics, applied mathematics or equivalent required, post-graduate degree or equivalent experience preferred.

 
required knowledge, skills & abilities

highly focused and results oriented, able to identify goals, set priorities and resolve issues at an early stage.
knowledge of supply chain optimization, business analytics and big data software (e.g. aimms, spotfire, r, tableau, hadoop).
technical mathematical modelling skills.
ability to define problems, collect data, establish facts, and draw valid conclusions.
must have the ability to prioritize and complete multiple jobs simultaneously.
excellent customer service and communication skills, both verbal and written.
ability to work well independently and as part of team.

 
preferred knowledge, skills & abilities

experience in aimms.
experience in a similar role that is both client facing and customer focused.
knowledge of oil and gas industry.
knowledge of machine learning techniques and big data.
experience with ms excel, ms access, xml, sql and other data sources.
customer focused professional demeanor and presentation skills.
team player with strong communication skills.
entrepreneur, self-starter, hands on mentality.
organized and detail-oriented.

 
physical demands

while performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to talk and hear. the employee is frequently required to sit; stand; walk; use hands and fingers to handle or feel and reach with hands and arms.
specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, distance vision and color vision.

 
work environment

the noise level in the work environment is usually moderate.
the setting is an open concept.

 
what to expect
we help you to thrive in your field of expertise. we offer development programs, tailored to your individual needs and function requirements, including opportunities to attend courses and seminars. we offer challenging practical hands-on experience with opportunities to work abroad. we operate a flat organizational structure that keeps communication lines short. the atmosphere is open, informal, cooperative and positive. we employ over 800 people in the netherlands (hq), belgium, germany, france, the u.k., romania, italy, the u.s., australia, brazil, poland, denmark and singapore.
visit our website www.ortec.com to learn more about our solutions and clients’ experiences.
acquisition as a result of this vacancy is not appreciated.









job overview





date posted:
posted 3 weeks ago





location:
houston, tx





job title:
analytics & optimization consultant




apply for job


apply for this job


to apply for this job email your details to recruitment@ortec.com
















 follow us on magnet.me | follow us on linkedin
 







© copyright 2017 ortec











































 


