














career opportunities: (evergreen) senior quality engineer (22461) 


























javascript is turned off in your web browser. turn it on to take full advantage of this site, then refresh the page.

loading...














skip to main content












career opportunities: (evergreen) senior quality engineer (22461)




















req id 22461 - posted 12/12/2017 - americas-us-tx-houston office - product engineering



 &nbspjob description print preview









	                  apply
	                 
	         	 
              




                  apply using linkedin™
                 
               
              







	                  save job
	                





	                  email job to friend
	                





                  return to list
                







 



 






senior quality engineer 


reporting to the senior manager of product development, the senior quality engineer is a primary team member who works to innovate, conceive, design and develops modern, comprehensive software testing solutions.  you will collaborate with product management, architects and engineers to drive successful outcomes with focus on people, quality and best practices.
 
the company - pros:
pros holdings, inc. (nyse: pro) is leading the shift to modern commerce, helping competitive enterprises create a personalized and frictionless experience for their customers.  powered with dynamic pricing science, pros solutions make it possible for companies to price, configure and sell their products and services with speed, precision and consistency across all sales channels.  our customers lead their markets across more than 10 sectors, and benefit from 30 years of accumulated knowledge and data science infused into our purpose-built solutions.  pros drives more than 200 million prices and 1.7 billion forecasts every day for enterprises in more than 30 industries around the globe.  our mission is to help companies and the people who work for them outperform.  to learn more, visit pros.com.
 
a day in the life of the senior quality engineer- about the role:

work with a range of quality engineering and reliability testing activities related to ongoing product improvement and new product development.
create and maintain test environments
perform detailed functionality and regression tests.
execute test plans; analyze results, document and communicate test results to product teams, and track problems through to resolution.
test coverage including testing multi-threaded, distributed computing applications using java and rmi on windows and linux platforms.

 
required qualifications - about you:
we are looking for candidates who possess the combination of the following achievements, skills and behaviors:

5+ years previous working experience in quality assurance
thorough understanding of product lifecycle and qa methodology
experience with the unix operating systems and exposure to shell scripting languages (sh, csh, bash, ksh, perl, etc…)
experience using test automation tools for repetitive, functional and regression test cases
experience with performance testing and benchmarking tools
excellent oral and written communication skills
excellent people and process skills
extremely committed, self-motivated team player
ability to work in a highly dynamic and fast-paced environment.
experience with relational database systems and sql query language
exposure to http, xml, xsl, javascript, and web based applications
bachelor of science in computer science or related technical degree

 
preferred:

experience using oracle databases and sql scripting
experience in a customer-facing role

 
skills & personal characteristics:

ownership
passion:
pride 
trust
integrity
innovation
customer centricity

 
why pros?
this is a unique opportunity to join the market leading company that has not only has 30+ years of proven success but also has a significantly under penetrated opportunity in a $30b addressable market.
pros culture and the truly extraordinary people who work here are at the very core of our success. we have a passion for what we do, and we won’t stop until we’ve delivered on our promises. we’re committed to the success of our customers. that’s why we think harder and dream bigger – so our customers can go even further than they ever imagined possible.
our people make pros stand out from the rest. if you want to be a part of something truly extraordinary, come help us shape the future of how companies compete and win in their markets.
 
work environment:
most work activities are performed in an office or home-office environment and require little to moderate physical exertion. work activities may require periods of extended hours, critical deadlines and stressful situations. to successfully complete the tasks of this position, individuals must be able to communicate clearly (in writing and orally), comprehend business terminology, interpret numerical data.
this job description is intended to convey information essential to understanding the scope of the job and the general nature and level of work performed by job holders within this job. this job description is not intended to be an exhaustive list of qualifications, skills, efforts, duties, responsibilities or working conditions associated with the position.
 
 

about pros
pros holdings, inc. (nyse: pro) is a cloud software company powering the shift to modern commerce by helping companies create personalized and frictionless buying experiences for their customers. fueled by dynamic pricing science and machine learning, pros solutions make it possible for companies to price, configure and sell their products and services in an omnichannel environment with speed, precision and consistency. our customers, who are leaders in their markets, benefit from decades of data science expertise infused into our industry solutions. to learn more, visit pros.com.






 









	                  apply
	                 
	           	
              




                  apply using linkedin™
                 
              
              







	                  save job
	                





	                  email job to friend
	                





                  return to list
                






















email this job to a friend





 








 


 



the job has been sent to
          


 



please provide the information below



job title:
        




*your email address:
        




*your friend's email address:
        



message:
        
         






verification code:
        





*please enter the verification code here:
        














send
            




cancel
            



















