






data science consultant - natural resources




































skip to main content
skip to footer












search
type to search









sign in






                                    menu
                                














                                        strategy
                                    

                                        consulting
                                    

                                        digital
                                    

                                        technology
                                    

                                        operations
                                    

                                        industries
                                    

                                        trending now
                                    

                                        careers
                                    



                                            about accenture
                                        

                                            corporate citizenship
                                        

                                            inclusion and diversity
                                        

                                            investor relations
                                        

                                            leadership
                                        

                                            newsroom
                                        












consulting home

technology consulting









digital home

accenture applied intelligence

accenture interactive

accenture mobility









technology home

accenture labs

application services

artificial intelligence

cloud





microsoft

oracle

sap

delivery









operations home

business process services

journey to cloud









automotive and industrial

banking

capital markets

chemicals

communications and media

consumer goods and services

energy

health

high tech





insurance

life sciences

natural resources

public service

retail

software and platforms

travel

utilities









artificial intelligence

blockchain

cloud

future workforce

internet of things

security









careers home

accenture strategy

accenture consulting

accenture digital

accenture technology

accenture operations

accenture security

corporate functions





culture and values

training and development

the employee experience

students and graduates

experienced hire

search and apply

us workforce demographics







scroll
swipe























        
        
        print
    















job listing






















                ﻿



{"countries":[{"countryname":"brazil","locale":"pt-br","language":"pt-br","sitecode":"10200"},{"countryname":"china","locale":"cn-en","language":"en","sitecode":"10200"},{"countryname":"china","locale":"cn-zh","language":"zh-cn","sitecode":"10200"},{"countryname":"france","locale":"fr-fr","language":"fr-fr","sitecode":"10200"},{"countryname":"germany","locale":"de-de","language":"de","sitecode":"10200"},{"countryname":"italy","locale":"it-it","language":"it","sitecode":"10140"},{"countryname":"japan","locale":"jp-ja","language":"ja","sitecode":"10001"},{"countryname":"spain","locale":"es-es","language":"es","sitecode":"10200"},{"countryname":"united kingdom","locale":"gb-en","language":"en-gb","sitecode":"10003"},{"countryname":"usa","locale":"us-entaleo","language":"en","sitecode":"10003"}]}






data science consultant - natural resources


job location:

tx - houston                    


regional description:
southwest


job number:
00497809
00497809_en


apply
get referred
save this job













- job description



job title: accenture digital, accenture analytics, natural resources data science, consultant
  
join accenture and help transform leading organizations and communities around the world.  the sheer scale of our capabilities and client engagements and the way we collaborate, operate and deliver value provides an unparalleled opportunity to grow and advance.  choose accenture, and make delivering innovative work part of your extraordinary career.
people in our client & market career track drive profitable growth by developing market-relevant insights to increase market share or create new markets. they progress through required promotion into market-facing roles that have a direct impact on sales.
accenture analytics 
accenture analytics delivers insight driven outcomes at scale to help organizations improve performance. our extensive capabilities range from accessing and reporting on data to advanced modeling, forecasting, and sophisticated statistical analysis. specifically we...

help companies better understand consumers and how to connect with them across markets and channels, using data and analytics 
design and develop reusable analytical assets using advanced statistical and computational methods
proactively monitor and analyze complex systems to understand, diagnose, and continuously improve key performance indicators
pilot sophisticated advanced analytics & innovative analytics solutions to prove value 
work closely with business leaders to understand needs and assist with architecting and deploying innovative solutions
operate at the frontier of innovative analytics; introduce and implement newest market developments & trends in analytics
optimize resources processes and integrate across the enterprise in order to maximize the opportunities of data, analytics, and outcomes 
build, deploy, maintain and scale advanced analytic solutions that reduce complexity and cost 
partner and team with technology solution providers to deliver the best solution meeting the needs of our clients 
offer our clients end to end solutions and services  
 
job description:
the data science consultant is responsible for delivery on natural resources analytics projects. this process requires the use of advanced statistical analysis in a natural resources industry.
the key responsibilities include:

project-based analytics including but not limited to: machine learning, predictive analytics, comparative effectiveness analysis, failure analysis, big data analytics, optimization, demand forecasting, customer segmentation, customer analytic record. client-facing interaction including providing analyses, recommendations, presentations and advice to clients.
adapts existing methods and procedures to create possible alternative solutions to moderately complex problems. 
understands the strategic direction set by senior management as it relates to team goals. 
uses considerable judgment to determine solution and seeks guidance on complex problems. 
primary upward interaction is with direct supervisor. may interact with peers and/or management levels at a client and/or within accenture.
determines methods and procedures on new assignments with guidance. 
professional requirement:
travel as required: up to 80%




+ basic qualifications



basic qualifications:

minimum of 3 years’ delivery experience in advanced modeling environment: strong understanding of statistical concepts and predictive modeling. (e.g., ai neural networks, multi-scalar dimensional models, logistic regression techniques, machine-based learning, big data platforms, sql, etc.) 
minimum 2 years’ experience with predictive analytics tools, including at least two of the following: r, sas, alteryx, python, spark, and tableau
minimum of bachelor's degree required in related field; strong preference for fields of study in data science, mathematics, economics, statistics, engineering and information management 
preferred qualifications:

minimum of 2 years of experience with consulting or implementing transformational change in the resources industry 
minimum of 3 years’ experience and strong proficiency with the microsoft suite (including advanced excel skills with embedded pivot tables & macros; advanced powerpoint usage) 
experience in the analysis of data from enterprise data warehouses and big data platforms. 
experience in the following areas: applied statistics/econometrics, statistical programming, database management & operations, digital, comparative effectiveness research
professional skills:

project management, time management and communication skills necessary to execute the responsibilities and deliver against client expectations 
plan and manage own work in collaboration with the team to meet assigned deliverables in a timely manner. 
demonstrated teamwork and collaboration in a professional setting; either military or civilian 
excellent written and oral communication skills with ability to clearly communicate ideas and results to non-technical business people 
all of our consulting professionals receive comprehensive training covering business acumen, technical and professional skills development. you’ll also have opportunities to hone your functional skills and expertise in an area of specialization. we offer a variety of formal and informal training programs at every level to help you acquire and build specialized skills faster. learning takes place both on the job and through formal training conducted online, in the classroom, or in collaboration with teammates. the sheer variety of work we do, and the experience it offers, provide an unbeatable platform from which to build a career.
 
our commitment to you
· as the world’s largest independent technology services provider, we are agnostic about technology but have very clear viewpoints about what is most appropriate for a client’s particular challenge. you will have access to our alliances with market-leading technology providers and collaborative relationships with emerging players in the analytics and big data space—the widest ecosystem in the industry. these alliances bring together accenture’s extensive analytics capabilities and alliance providers’ technology, experience and innovation to power analytics-based solutions.
· you will have access to the best talent. accenture has a team of more than 36,000 digital professionals including technical architects, big data engineers, data scientists and business analysts, as well as user digital strategists and experience designers.
· along with a competitive salary, accenture offers a comprehensive package that includes generous paid time off, 401k match and an employee healthcare plan. 
 
call to action
now is the time to become a digital disrupter. the opportunity is here—what’s stopping you from pursuing it?
 
applicants for employment in the us must have work authorization that does not now or in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the united states and with accenture (i.e., h1-b visa, f-1 visa (opt), tn visa or any other non-immigrant status).
 
accenture is an eeo and affirmative action employer of females/minorities/veterans/individuals with disabilities.
equal employment opportunity
 
all employment decisions shall be made without regard to age, race, creed, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, disability status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, citizenship status or any other basis as protected by federal, state, or local law.



apply
get referred
save this job


















                                consent and acknowledgement - personal data (by choosing 'i accept' you agree to all the terms and conditions.)
                            



select a language:

chinese
dutch
english
english (united kingdom)
french
french (france)
german
italian
japanese
polish
potuguese (brazil)
spanish



accenture recruitment and hiring privacy statement
 
if you use accenture’s online career resources, we collect personal data that you submit to the website and use it for recruiting-related purposes. we may also use cookies and other tracking technology and the same technologies we use for marketing (including customer relationship management (crm) databases, targeted e-mail & combining and analyzing personal data) to provide individuals with a personalized online experience, to send relevant information about careers and opportunities at accenture, and to analyze the effectiveness of our recruitment efforts and resources. more information about how your data will be used by accenture during the recruitment process can be found below, or at the careers website.
 
introduction / who is collecting your personal data?
 
when you apply for a job at accenture, accenture will collect and use personal data about you during the recruiting and any hiring process. as described in this privacy statement, your personal data may be retained and used by accenture for the purpose of considering your qualifications for employment, as required by law, or as otherwise described below. please see below for information that accenture may receive about you from third parties.
 
“accenture” means the specific accenture affiliates, subsidiaries, and contracted service providers who will collect, use, and maintain your personal data in connection with your application for employment, our recruiting, talent management processes, and any hiring process if you are extended an offer of employment. a full list of accenture entities by country and their contact information appears at the bottom of this privacy statement, as well as a list of contracted service providers who perform it support or background checking services.
 
what personal data will accenture collect?
 
the types of information requested from you and the manner in which that information is collected and accessed are determined by the requirements of the country in which the position is located, and not the country in which you reside. while, specific data requirements vary by country and the position being filled, the following categories of data will generally be collected by accenture:

data you submit in résumés / cvs, letters, writing samples, or other written materials;
data generated by interviewers and recruiters, based on their interactions with you or basic internet searches;
data provided by third-party placement firms, recruiters, or job-search websites, where applicable;
recommendations provided on your behalf by others;
data about your prior employment, education, and where applicable, credit history, criminal records or other data revealed during background screenings;
data about your health or disability where it is relevant to your ability or availability to work or to a workplace accommodation, subject to legal limits on the timing of collection of such data and other applicable limitations.
data about race / ethnicity / religion / disability / gender and self-identified lgbt status, for purposes of government reporting where required, as well as to understand the diversity characteristics of the accenture workforce.

your submission of personal data constitutes your consent to our use of your data and your verification that it is accurate.
 
by submitting your information, you acknowledge that you have read and understood the foregoing and consent to the uses of your information as set out above. you are not required to provide any requested information to accenture, but failing to do so may result in not being able to continue your candidacy for the job for which you have applied.
 
you may read this statement at any time by logging into the system with your user name and password.
 
by submitting your information, you acknowledge that all representations made by you are true and correct to the best of your knowledge and belief, and you have not knowingly omitted any related information of an adverse nature. providing any inaccurate information may make you ineligible for employment.
 
 
what will accenture do with your personal data?
 
accenture will use your personal data to:

assess your suitability for employment for the role for which you are applying, as well as future roles that may become available;
perform administrative functions (e.g. reimburse you for interview-related expenses);
perform analysis of our applicant pool in order to better understand who is applying to positions at accenture and how to attract top talent;
in some cases, record your online interview for review by additional recruiters and hiring managers. in such cases, we will seek your express consent to be recorded;
if you register at the “new? get started” section of our page, we will enter you into a database to receive future mailings about accenture positions and events;
transfer your contact information (only) to the accenture talent connection—a site that we maintain to notify you about new positions that may be of interest to you. your contact information will be used by the accenture talent connection to send you one invitation to sign up for future position alerts and invitations to accenture recruiting events, as well as one follow-up reminder. if you do not respond to these messages your contact information will be retained by the accenture talent connection only for the purpose of ensuring that we do not contact you again. if you join the accenture talent connection you will have future opportunities to opt-out of receiving messages and alerts if you choose. note that the accenture talent connection is a separate and distinct service from registering at our website under the “new? get started” section; and
perform any legally-required reporting, and respond to legal process.

from what sources will accenture obtain your personal data?
 
accenture may obtain data about you from the following sources:

from you, when you submit resumes or other information online;
from conversations with recruiters and interviews with hiring managers and other accenture personnel or representatives, some of which may be recorded (with your express knowledge and consent) as well as from internet searches that these individuals may perform, or data that they may obtain from job search or professional networking websites (e.g. monster.com, linkedin, etc.) where you may have made data about yourself publicly available;
from third-party recruiters, staffing companies, or websites where you are introduced to accenture through one. accenture does not accept unsolicited resumes from 3rd party recruitment agencies, but does sometimes use such agencies subject to a written agreement. any resume or other candidate information submitted outside of established candidate submission guidelines (including through the careers website or via email to any accenture employee) and without a written agreement or otherwise will be deemed to be provided for accenture’s use, and no fee will be paid should the candidate be hired by accenture; and
from background checks, as applicable. where permitted by law, accenture may contract with a third party to perform a pre-employment background screening. the content of background check information varies by country to comply with local requirements, but may include information gathered from publicly available sources, your former employers or colleagues, schools you have attended, credit reporting agencies, and criminal records databases. these types of information will only be collected with your prior consent, and you will receive more information about the nature of such a background check before it begins. where required by applicable local law, you may be asked to provide certain background check information, (which may include sensitive data) directly to accenture.

who will have access to your personal data? where are they located?
 
in general, access to your personal data will be restricted to minimize the number of people in accenture’s global organization who need it in order evaluate your application for employment, perform functions supporting our recruiting and talent management functions, or to whom we are compelled to provide it by applicable law.
 
where your personal data is transferred to a country other than the one in which you reside, be advised that such countries may not have the same legal protections for personal data as your home country. accenture will, however, follow its internal global privacy policy in such cases.
 
the following categories of individuals will have access to your personal data:

recruiters working with the country where the position you are applying for is based. such individuals may be based in a different country;
hiring managers and other interviewers. often these individuals will be based in the country where the position is based, but in some cases they may be located in other countries;
the global accenture talent management and talent connection teams, consisting of a limited number of individuals based in several countries;
individuals performing administrative and it support functions;
authorized personnel at our service providers, including:
    
oracle, which hosts and supports the accenture talent acquisition system;
avature, which hosts and supports the accenture talent connection;
hirevue, a company that hosts a virtual interview tool used to record interviews where live interviews are not possible.
companies contracted to perform background screenings, where applicable. these companies may be based in another country, and may obtain data from other countries where you have lived, worked or studied, as may be relevant as part of a background check. you will receive more information about any such check before it begins;


government officials where legal reporting requirements may exist, or law enforcement agencies or private litigants in response to valid law enforcement process (warrant, subpoena, or court order); and
a successor to accenture in the event that it sells or divests all or part of its business.

how long will accenture retain my personal data?
 
if you are given and accept an offer of employment by accenture, personal data collected during your pre-employment period will become part of your accenture personnel records, to be retained throughout and for a period after your employment with accenture (specific periods vary by country). if accenture does not employ you, accenture may nevertheless continue to retain and use personal data collected during the recruitment process in order to consider you for new positions, and, if appropriate, to refer back to an earlier application if you submit a resume or other information to accenture again in the future, as well as for system administration, to perform research and analysis, and to invite you to join the accenture talent connection.
 
 
how accenture protects your personal data.
 
accenture employs organizational, technical, and physical security measures in order to protect your data from loss or misuse. where we contract with third-party suppliers to provide services that may enable them to access your personal data we require them by contract to have similar security controls in place.
 
 
how to obtain a copy of accenture’s internal privacy policy, request access to your personal data or contact us with questions or feedback.
 
if you have a question, comment, or complaint, wish to obtain a copy of accenture’s global policy 0090—data privacy, or wish to access a copy of your personal data or to correct it if you believe it is inaccurate, you may contact us by clicking the link. each accenture country has established a data privacy officer to oversee compliance with local privacy requirements; you may also use the contact us form to contact the accenture data privacy officer for your country or to obtain more information about how your data will be used in your country.
 
for job seekers from malaysia:
 
the malaysian data protection act 2010 (“act”) requires accenture to provide you this privacy statement in both bahasa malaysia and english. for the bahasa malaysia version please click here.
 
for job seekers from other countries:
 
this privacy statement is also available in the following languages:

bahasa malaysia
brazilian portuguese
chinese
dutch
french (european)
french (canadian)
german
italian
japanese
spanish
polish

list of accenture entities and their contact information: https://www.accenture.com/us-en/office-directory





























job openings in usa change location














latest jobs


suggested jobs





                                jobs based on searches similar to yours:
                                
                            




laboratory systems administrator
ma - boston




test automation eng sr. analyst - chicago, il
il - chicago






sap s/4 supply chain-mm consultant - columbus, oh
oh - columbus




more jobs










go back



select country





afghanistan


albania


algeria


american samoa


andorra


angola


anguilla


antarctica


antigua and barbuda


argentina


armenia


aruba


australia


austria


azerbaijan


bahamas


bahrain


bangladesh


barbados


belarus


belgium


belize


benin


bermuda


bhutan


bolivia


bosnia and herzegovina


botswana


bouvet island


brazil


british indian ocean territory


brunei darussalam


bulgaria


burkina faso


burundi


cambodia


cameroon


canada


cape verde


cayman islands


central african republic


chad


chile


china


christmas island


cocos (keeling) islands


colombia


comoros


congo


congo (rep)


cook islands


costa rica


cote d'ivoire


croatia


cuba


cyprus


czech republic


denmark


djibouti


dominica


dominican republic


east timor


ecuador


egypt


el salvador


equatorial guinea


eritrea


estonia


ethiopia


falkland islands


faroe islands


fiji


finland


france


france metropolitan


french guiana


french polynesia


french southern territories


gabon


gambia


georgia


germany


ghana


gibraltar


greece


greenland


grenada


guadeloupe


guam


guatemala


guinea


guinea - bissau


guyana


haiti


heard and mc donald islands


honduras


hong kong


hungary


iceland


india


indonesia


iran


iraq


ireland


israel


italy


jamaica


japan


jordan


kazakhstan


kenya


kiribati


kuwait


kyrgyzstan


lao people's republic


latvia


lebanon


lesotho


liberia


libyan arab jamahiriya


liechtenstein


lithuania


luxembourg


macau


macedonia


madagascar


malawi


malaysia


maldives


mali


malta


marshall islands


martinique


mauritania


mauritius


mayotte


mexico


micronesia


moldova


monaco


mongolia


montenegro


montserrat


morocco


mozambique


myanmar


namibia


nauru


nepal


netherlands


netherlands antilles


new caledonia


new zealand


nicaragua


niger


nigeria


niue


norfolk island


north korea (people's republic of korea)


northern mariana islands


norway


oman


other


pakistan


palau


panama


papua new guinea


paraguay


peru


philippines


pitcairn


poland


portugal


puerto rico


qatar


reunion island


romania


russia


rwanda


saint kitts and nevis


saint lucia


saint vincent and the grenadines


samoa


san marino


sao tome and principe


saudi arabia


senegal


serbia


seychelles


sierra leone


singapore


slovak republic


slovenia


solomon islands


somalia


south africa


south georgia and the south sandwich islands


spain


south korea


sri lanka


st helena


st pierre and miquelon


sudan


suriname


svalbard and jan mayen islands


swaziland


sweden


switzerland


syrian arab republic


taiwan


tajikistan


tanzania


thailand


togo


tokelau


tonga islands


trinidad and tobago


tunisia


turkey


turkmenistan


turks and caicos islands


tuvalu


uganda


ukraine


united arab emirates


united kingdom


united states minor outlying islands


uruguay


usa


uzbekistan


vanuatu


vatican city state


venezuela


vietnam


virgin islands (british)


virgin islands (u.s.)


western sahara


yemen


zaire


zambia


zimbabwe




no country selected.


select city / state





select a country first.




no city or state selected.


submit




























events
find out more about careers and life at accenture by attending our virtual or live events. check out events in your area.
launch calendar








find a job
start your search here: enter job title, skill, experience level or city






find                    














stay in touch
join the accenture talent connection, follow our careers blog, or sign up for job alerts.

more

























contact us&nbsp&nbsp

                                                                                        

find a location&nbsp&nbsp

                                                                                        



careers&nbsp&nbsp
                                                                                        

about accenture&nbsp&nbsp
                                                                                        

privacy policy&nbsp&nbsp
                                                                                        

cookie policy&nbsp&nbsp
                                                                                        

terms of use&nbsp&nbsp
                                                                                        

accessibility statement&nbsp&nbsp
                                                                                        

labor condition applications&nbsp&nbsp
                                                                                        

global meritocracy&nbsp&nbsp
                                                                                        

applicant notices – federal, state, and local&nbsp&nbsp
                                                                                        

&nbsp&nbsp
                                                                                        




this site uses cookies to provide you with a more responsive and personalized service. by using this site you agree to our use of cookies. please read our cookie notice for more information on the cookies we use and how to delete or block them.



©&nbsp2017 accenture. all rights reserved.














contact us





find a location

















careers
about accenture
privacy policy
cookie policy
terms of use
accessibility statement
labor condition applications
global meritocracy
applicant notices – federal, state, and local





this site uses cookies to provide you with a more responsive and personalized service. by using this site you agree to our use of cookies. please read our cookie notice for more information on the cookies we use and how to delete or block them.



©&nbsp2017 accenture. all rights reserved.













this site uses cookies to provide you with a more responsive and personalized service. by using this site you agree to our use of cookies. please read our cookie notice for more information on the cookies we use and how to delete or block them.



&times










select your location



















































no results found

                                    
                                    we were unable to find a match for "$searchstring." try searching again by using different or more general keywords and check for spelling errors.
                                













































stay in the know

receive e-mails from accenture featuring new content that matches your interests.
visit the subscription center to make your selections and subscribe to new from accenture.




                                    sign up
                                














recommended content


filter results





filter results





























connect with our talent community


personalize your accenture career search and receive tailored news, insights and job alerts. join our talent connection to learn more about the challenging and rewarding career opportunities offered by accenture.



register


 

already applied to a job?

if you have applied for a position in a location other than india, philippines, bangladesh and sri lanka and would like to access your existing job application, please click here. 











sign in with e-mail and password

validation summary

invalid username / password





or sign in with linkedin











                        sign in with
                        linkedin
                    






















there is already a separate, active account tied to your  profile. please continue registration for this program without your  profile 

continue
cancel















there is already a separate, active account tied to your  profile. please continue registration for this program without your  profile

continue
cancel














are you sure you want to disconnect with 
account?
                    


yes
                        
cancel










 



 




