




















nbc universal, inc. - job details












         nbc universal careers                              show menu                                our company                                         credo & history                                             corporate citizenship                                             awards & recognition                                             comcast nbcuniversal                                             locations                                             our culture                                         career stories                                             benefits & perks                                             diversity & inclusion                                             employee resource groups                                             locations                                             our businesses                                         all                                             ad sales                                             digital                                             television                                             hispanic                                             film                                             news                                             sports                                             stations                                             ops / technology                                             parks & resorts                                             our career paths                                         early careers                                             mid/senior career                                             theme parks                                             home                              ?

homesearch  openingssearch  resultscurrent pagejob  details   

job detailsjob 1 of 1   apply to job   send to friend   save to cart          job number  37878br   job title  analyst, applied analytics   business segment  staff   sub-business  enterprise business intelligence   posting category  strategy & business development   about us  nbcuniversal is one of the world’s leading media and entertainment companies in the development, production, and marketing of entertainment, news, and information to a global audience. nbcuniversal owns and operates a valuable portfolio of news and entertainment television networks, a premier motion picture company, significant television production operations, a leading television stations group, and world-renowned theme parks. nbcuniversal’s policy is to provide equal employment opportunities to all applicants and employees without regard to race, color, religion, creed, gender, gender identity or expression, age, national origin or ancestry, citizenship, disability, sexual orientation, marital status, pregnancy, veteran status, membership in the uniformed services, genetic information, or any other basis protected by applicable law.  nbcuniversal will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with relevant legal requirements, including the city of los angeles fair chance initiative for hiring ordinance, where applicable. enterprise business intelligence overview the enterprise business intelligence (ebi) team is an analytics- and data-centric organization that partners with business units to champion the collaborative use of nbcu data assets and advanced analytics/insights to drive business results. our role is to elevate nbcu through intelligent and deliberate use of data assets coupled with advanced analytics that raise our understanding of our customers and inform critical decisions that drive our business every day. we will do this by enhancing the quantity, the quality and the accuracy of information used for decision making, as well as the efficiency and agility of the underlying analytic business processes. applied analytics is a primary area of focus for the nbcu enterprise business intelligence organization.   career level  experienced   country  united states   state/province  new york   city  new york   responsibilities  position overview the analyst, applied analytics, will be responsible for delivering advanced analytics- and data-centric business support across nbcu business units located on the east coast (nbc entertainment, cable entertainment, nbc news & msnbc, digital enterprises, universal parks and resorts, nbc sports, telemundo enterprises). in this role, you will maintain a broad nbcu perspective regarding data assets and analytic activity, while aligning and executing with business units at a local level. you will provide expertise in data/analytics, with a focus on initiatives that empower business units to extract greater value from company data assets and deliver insights derived through analytics.  you will embrace an external, business-facing focus, applying innovative approaches to solve complex challenges with the support of the applied analytics team and the broader ebi organization. here what you’ll do in this role  delivery of advanced analytics and enterprise data projects   delivery of advanced analytics and enterprise data projects bring an analytical, data-driven mindset and focus on solutions to business partners and collaborate with their teams and other analysts to deliver meaningful value by utilizing enterprise data assets. capture business requirements for ebi data and analytic solutions, and collaborate with business unit analysts, it, and ebi peers to ensure business requirements align with business needs.    analytic and technical competency   develop strong partnership and collaborative working relationship with peers within the applied analytics team and the broader ebi organization. grow technical, business, and analytic skills and understanding to keep abreast of trends and innovative approaches.  adoption and usage of ebi analytic solutions   identify barriers to adoption and usage of ebi-developed advanced analytics, decision sciences, and data product solutions; collaborate with business units, applied analytics team and broader ebi organization to address barriers.  capture training requirements for ebi data and analytic solutions from the business unit user community, and collaborate with the ebi product & solution managers to develop the training material. identify potential redundant efforts across business units; champion plans and recommendations for solutions that leverage the strength of holistic, shared approaches.   qualifications/requirements  basic qualifications  if this sounds like you, we can’t wait to meet you!  experience in entertainment, media, communications, financial services, travel/leisure, or related industries.   bachelors’ degree  strong technical skills (e.g., sql, sas, r, hive, python), data visualization skills (e.g., domo, tableau, powerbi), and advanced analytics skills are require  fine print for eligibility   interested candidates must submit a resume/cv through www.nbcunicareers.com to be considered must be willing to work in new york, ny   desired characteristics  bonus points if this describes you   creative problem-solver; takes initiative; personal accountability to follow-through.  takes ownership for getting things done; achieves goals through disciplined execution and collaboration.  solid verbal, written and presentation skills. strong preference for quantitative coursework in business, finance, economics, behavioral science, mathematics, statistics, quantitative methods, engineering, operations research, computer science or related field of study. an advanced degree (ma, ms, phd or equivalent) in one of the above fields of study is valued. web and marketing analytics skills (e.g, adobe analytics, google analytics, salesforce) are valued.    apply to job   send to friend   save to cart        


  we are an equal opportunity employer, offering a great work environment, challenging career opportunities, professional training and competitive compensation.  click here to view the nbcuniversal candidate privacy statement.              



