



thrive global - jobs: data analyst - apply online

























all jobs
→
data analyst

data analyst
new york, united states · content

descriptionabout thrive globalthrive global is committed to chronicling and accelerating the culture shift around stress and burnout by offering companies and individuals sustainable, science-based solutions to enhance both well-being and performance. recent science has shown that the pervasive belief that burnout is the price we must pay for success is a delusion. we know, instead, that when we prioritize our well-being, our decision-making, creativity, and productivity improve dramatically. through corporate training, content, and commerce, we're helping people change the way they work and live.about the rolethrive global is hiring a data analyst to deliver deep insights on audience behavior and company performance. this person will be responsible for daily, weekly and monthly analysis that helps our content, sales, product and tech. this person should love numbers and be a big picture thinker who prides his/herself on being detail oriented. this role reports to the chief content officer and the head of product.responsibilities: evaluate digital performance across platforms, providing deep insights regarding growth. measure campaign effectiveness, returns on spending and returns on investments. sort through all audience data, identify trends and understand why they matter on a daily basis. continuously maintain and improve strategic and tactical reports on products and our audience to include timely data and analysis.  qualifications: 2-3 years of experience bachelor's degree  self-starter, able to prioritize must be strong in-person communicator and capable of handling challenges and problems on-the-go / without significant guidance.  strong time management skills, ability to think strategically and manage multiple projects and deadlines. experience with analytics, tracking and reporting kpis of digital businesses and projects. experience with a/b testing and audience segmentation  experience querying databases with sql or through a like interface. knowledge of data-gathering tools (i.e. google analytics, parse.ly, segment) and experience working with a technical team to collect relevant data.  demonstrated interest in and passion around topics including well-being, productivity, neuroscience, psychology, performance and wisdom proactive, collaborative and eager to learn passion for changing how we work and live previous experience with google analytics, parse.ly, facebook insights/ads, twitter analytics, instagram analytics, linkedin insights,  benefits: great office location in soho, nyc competitive salary (commensurate with experience, of course) many opportunities to grow within the company and shape our growth strategy medical, vision and dental coverage three weeks vacation + 7 flex holidays (not including regular holidays) a human-centric culture inclusive of a range of wellness benefits reaching hundreds of thousands of people (at well known companies) - and making a huge difference in their health and lives 

apply for this job











thrive global website

powered by
workable





