


careers center - analyst internship, summer 2018 [june – aug]
















































please enable cookies to continue
please enable cookies in your browser to experience all the personalized features of this site, including the ability to apply for a job.





returning candidate?

log back in!





analyst internship, summer 2018 [june – aug]



analyst internship, summer 2018 [june – aug]




job locations 

us-ny-new yorkus-il-chicagous-ma-cambridge




category 
training program





travel 

..




level 
..







more information about this job




overview







do you have the analytical chops and perseverance to tackle client challenges and work collaboratively with a team to bring ideas to life? can you break complex problems into bite-sized portions and build simple, reusable solutions? if so, we want to talk to you! mediamath’s summer internship program is an immersive, 12-week experience designed to empower the future leaders in programmatic marketing.  you will gain broad industry knowledge and the critical thinking, business acumen and professional savvy necessary to thrive as a future thought leader in a rapidly evolving space. you’ll work on specialized projects, shadow subject matter experts, and learn from industry leaders across mediamath, our partners, and clients, developing the knowledge, experience, and network you need to accelerate your career.    our goal is to instill the marketing vocabulary, tech fluency, client service best practices, analytical know-how and strategic ability required to compete for job opportunities and build a long term, satisfying career in programmatic marketing and ad tech. learn how to unlock the full potential of programmatic. learn the ad tech industry inside and out, from campaign planning and management, to ad trafficking and monitoring. you will have the opportunity to work with real clients and real campaign budgets, driving performance and roi for fortune-500 brands and agencies. potential locations: nyc, boston, chicago







qualifications







 backgroundbachelor’s degree required; stem degree ideal preferably in quant discipline such as mathematics, economics, engineering, statistics, physics, etc.internship or professional experience in a fast-paced environment with data driven problem solving and/or quantitative reasoning.skillshands-on experience with ms excel; ideally familiarity with sql or other data manipulation toolsdemonstrated analytical skills and ability to think creatively about challenging problemtraits  an insatiable appetite for learningability to self-manage, juggle multiple priorities, and pay strong attention to detailsexcellent communication skills – ability to distill key ideas for a non-mathematical audiencecomfortable working in a fast-paced, fun, and entrepreneurial environmenteligibility: graduate of a stem program between december 2018– spring 2019.satisfactory completion of employment eligibility and work authorization [i-9 employment eligibility verification form]. 





options

apply for this job onlineapplysharerefer this job to a friendrefer



share on your newsfeed






go back to the welcome page

application faqssoftware powered by icimswww.icims.com









