



farfetch careers - data scientist



























 









                                                    farfetch careers                                            







                data scientist
    
    

                            data science            
                    new york,
                            new york
                
                        



        apply
    


description

unlike anything in the world of fashion and technology   position: data scientistlocation: new york, nyreporting to: sr. data scientistbenefits: flexible opt-in benefits including 8 days’ holiday, birthday off, farfetch/browns fashion site discounts, 401k, company equity, medical/dental/vision insurance, flexible spending accounts + more.hours of work: as needs and operational demands may necessitate variations in starting and ending times, as well as variations in total hours that may be scheduled each day and week, your hours will be scheduled directly by your manager or supervisor.website: www.farfetch.com  about the department: we're the beating heart of farfetch, supporting the running of the business and exploring new and exciting technologies across web, mobile and instore to help us transform the industry. split across three main offices - london , porto and lisbon - we are the fastest growing team in the business. we're committed to turning the company into the leading multi-channel platform and are constantly looking for brilliant people who can help us shape tomorrow's customer experience.  about the role: as a fast-growing fashion e-commerce business and one of the world’s most valuable startups, harnessing the value of the data generated by our operations is critical to farfetch’s future success and the data science teams are at the forefront of this effort. all of our work in data science is directed at building software solutions that enhance the marketing activity of the company by using machine learning and advanced statistical methods. this means understanding the customer, figuring out who they are, what they want and how to get their attention. critically, we build systems that do this autonomously. what you’ll do: you will work with large, complex data sets. solve hard problems using advanced statistical and machine learning techniques. conduct end-to-end analysis that includes data gathering and requirements specification, processing, analysis, ongoing deliverables, and presentations.you will prototype and productionise machine learning pipelines to provide a solution to large commercial impact problems, particularly in the digital marketing space, that keep farfetch ahead of the competition.you will collaborate with other scientists and engineers to build efficient data products. identify opportunities for, design, and assess improvements to farfetch products.you will research and develop analysis, forecasting, and optimization methods to improve the quality of farfetch's digital marketing activity; including paid search, behavioral modeling, and live experiments.you will be part of our first data science team in the united states, working closely with our established data science teams in london (uk) and porto (pt). who you are: you are a ms degree holder in a quantitative discipline (e.g., computer science, economics, mathematics, statistics, physics, electrical engineering, industrial engineering).you are fluent in python, java, c++ or similar object oriented programming language. experience developing production software is a bonus.you are experienced with at least 2 years in an advanced engineering and data science role, preferably in the adtech space.you have applied experience with machine learning on large datasets. experience in bayesian inference and reinforcement learning is a bonus.you are experienced with distributed computing (e.g., hive/hadoop , spark).you are a passport holder for infrequent trips to europe. we can’t wait to receive your application. but before you send it to us, here are some helpful tips to make sure your application is as strong as it can be. have you set out why this role is a good match for your career aspirations and that you have the skills and experience required? we want you to be as clear about your future ambitions as we are and whilst we encourage people to learn, develop and grow, you will need to hit the ground running. have you checked spelling and grammar? we have high standards and you don’t want to miss out because of something as easily correctable as a typo. we are committed to equality of opportunity for all employees. applications from individuals are encouraged regardless of age, disability, sex, gender reassignment, sexual orientation, pregnancy and maternity, race, religion or belief and marriage and civil partnerships.




        apply
    

        apply later    


            ← back to current openings        




share





linkedin




facebook




twitter




email











powered by jobvite









