





analytics job: data analyst at altice in new york, ny | altice careers






























share this






welcome to altice usa careers
















job details


apply


back




data analyst
job id: 2017-16689
location: 

                    


new york, ny

                

altice usa is one of the largest broadband communications and video services providers in the united states. we are a subsidiary of altice nv, a convergent global leader in telecom, content, media, entertainment and advertising founded in 2001 by entrepreneur patrick drahi. we are driven by a philosophy to always challenge ourselves. we question everything so that we can find the best way forward for our customers. and in a world where continuous innovation is the only way forward, we are redefining the vision we have for our customers, enterprises, advertisers - and our people.
conducts data analysis in support of a variety of analytic solutions. captures, develops, and documents data definitions, business rules, and data quality requirements. creates and produces forecasts, reports, ad hoc requests, dashboards, etc. interprets data, analyzes results, and provides insights to determine operational impact, trends, and opportunities. develops reports and deliverables for management and communicates with all levels of stakeholders. identifies and defines both process and data improvements. ensure compliance with deliverable reporting requirements by performing quality data audits and analysis. the data analyst will be responsible for working with various data sets (querying databases utilizing sql, etc.) to support ntelligis business needs. the data analyst will also utilize other research tools to support various functions within the organization. the core function for this position is to query databases in sql, perform analyses and create data visualizations to support the following business areas: custom advanced analytics (both client and internal) utilizing stb tuning data, digital data and various other data sources. addressable tv & cross platform campaign executions and reporting/analysis. additional functions including traditional support of ams sales teams utilizing qualitative data, nielsen ratings, ad occurrence and expenditure data, polk data, mapping data, demographic data, etc.
minimum undergraduate education (graduate degree in related discipline preferred)1-2 years minimum relevant working experience preferredsql programming required, excel and other microsoft office applications, analytical and data visualization skillsteam oriented individualplease note this position will be moving from nyc to long island city, so the person needs to be agreeable to both locationswe are an equal opportunity employer m/f/disability/vet and maintain a drug-free and smoke-free workplace. 










our brands





















terms of use  
                privacy notice

© copyright 2017, neptune holdings us corp. — all rights reservedaltice is an equal opportunity employer









