





		analytics intern school credit - careers at arkadium	





























		    back to openings		    






analytics intern (school credit)

 department:
internships
 location:
new york, ny

start your application
what we do
at arkadium, named “best place to work” by inc. magazine in its june 2016 issue, we’re passionate about reinventing content. for over 15 years we’ve been producing innovate, interactive content for hundreds of the publishing industry’s biggest names, unlocking infinite possibilities for ourselves and our partners. we take pride in being a close-knit team who balances living full lives with an unrelenting drive to succeed. 
*this internship is unpaid and should be completed in conjunction with a school program offering credit for your work.
overview:  
are you interested in the world of data science? does the idea of big data, statistics, data mining and machine learning excite you? are you aspiring to be a data jedi? if so this is the internship for you!  
arkadium is looking for an exceptional analytics intern to join our team. the ideal candidate is a motivated, creative and dynamic person looking to gain valuable, hands-on experience.? this position will work closely with a team of analysts, developers and partnership managers. all interns participate in arkadium's mentorship program, which pairs each intern with an experienced professional who serves as mentor and coach.
internship opportunities: 

analyze web traffic and trends, with the objective of identifying opportunities for optimization   
data analysis using sql  
data mining and webscraping using azure ml, r or python 
a/b testing and analysis with analytics team to optimize customer flow throughout our partner’s websites  
create dashboards and queries to solve real world analytics problems   
ad hoc analysis of trends and tagging to understand our customer base   
perform additional tasks and projects as assigned.   

our ideal candidate:?  

student pursuing major in statistics, business, or mathematics   
strong skills in sql, python or r are required  
solid working knowledge of b2b best practices     
excellent communication skills and strong attention to details  

in addition to this unique internship opportunity, we offer: 

an opportunity to work with a company that has the stability and resources of a big player and spirit and flexibility of a start up
a team that dreams big and strives to never settle for anything less than great
comprehensive mentorship program
a hands-on opportunity to make an impact on arkadium’s growth
a beautiful studio located in the heart of nyc’s silicon alley, just steps from madison square park
a unique culture of teamwork and fun

please, no phone calls or walk-ins.

start your applicationor 




















