



haven life - jobs: data analyst - apply online

























all jobs
→
data analyst

data analyst
new york, united states

descriptionhaven life is an innovative insurtech startup at massmutual with a simple (but important) mission to make life less hard.we’re streamlining the experience of purchasing life insurance by tailoring that experience to the modern consumer. easy. convenient. affordable. entirely online.haven life combines the culture of a startup with the stability and backing of a fortune 100 company to create an environment that is truly unique. we’re looking for good, smart, collaborative people who want to work on the latest technology stacks and have a desire to disrupt. our office is located in new york city’s flatiron district and, in case you were wondering, yes, we have free snacks. coffee and yogurt too.about this role:we are looking for an individual with an enduring curiosity about data and with an interest in evolving best practices and tools. interpret data, analyze results using statistical techniques and provide ongoing reports to various business areas within the haven life team. you will: develop and implement data collection systems and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and data quality acquire data from primary or secondary data sources identify, analyze, and interpret trends or patterns in complex data sets filter and “clean” data, and review computer reports, printouts, and performance indicators to locate and correct code problems work closely with management to prioritize business and information needs locate and define new process improvement opportunities requirements bs/ba required minimum 3-5 years' of experience in a data analyst role comfortable using tools to analyze and manipulate data, such as sql, olap, tableau, and qlik benefitswe pay competitive base salaries and we reward performance. our salary structure is commensurate with experience. in addition, you’ll be eligible to participate in our comprehensive benefits program including medical insurance and 401(k).qualified applicants must be authorized to work in the us.

apply for this job











haven life website

powered by
workable





