



vroom - jobs: data analyst - apply online

























all jobs
→
data analyst

data analyst
new york, united states · it

descriptionvroom is seeking exceptional data analysts! as a valued member of our data team, you will be responsible for handling data needs across all aspects of the organization. you will manage daily and monthly kpis, build reports and dashboards, dig deep into our data and create processes to ensure we use data to make impactful business decisions. this is a senior-level role with high visibility into the business at vroom and strong potential for growth within the company.  vroom has experienced tremendous growth (series f with stats to match) in its first 3 years of operation and has become a disruptive force in the automotive industry. we are always on the lookout for amazing and driven individuals that want to take an active role in sustaining this growth and help transform the used car market into a modern, online and data-driven industry. if these are the kinds of challenges that get you up in the morning, we want to hear from you! what you'll do: utilize a wide spectrum of analytic tools and databases to identify key metrics, trends and insights that will support business growth. handle incoming requests from key business stakeholders across all departments in the company (business, product, customer service, and engineering). these requests can range from helping optimizing logistics in our car reconditioning centers to supporting online marketing efforts. drive product and business decisions through data analyses. requirementswhat we’re looking for: ba/bs degree in quantitative field required. you have 5+ year of work experience in data analysis. you have a strong knowledge of sql. you have advanced excel skills (pivot tables, vlookups, basic modeling). you have experience cleaning and validating datasets with over 5m entries you have built and maintained at least 15 reports with analyzing tools such as looker and/or tableau. you are able to take ownership of open-ended problems and drive them to completion you are able to work in a fast-paced environment and multitask.   you are curious about all things data and willing to learn and improve your skills. tools we use:sql, looker, redshift, mssql, bigquery, google datastore, pub/sub, excel, python, jira, git, google analytics, segment, mixpanel. benefitsthis role offers competitive salary, health/dental/vision benefits, healthcare concierge with virtual visits, fsa, commuter benefit, pto, and holiday pay.how to applyif you think you might be who we’re looking for, apply below with your resume and a cover letter telling us why you think you’d be a great addition to the team.

apply for this job












vroom
does not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color, religion, age, national origin, marital status, disability, veteran status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity or any other reason prohibited by law in provision of employment opportunities and benefits.

vroom website

powered by
workable





