 









data analyst #0058 job at listenfirst media in new york, ny, powered by jobscore















































your browser cookies must be enabled in order to apply for this job. please contact support@jobscore.com if you need further instruction on how to do that.












data analyst
engineering | new york, ny | full time






job description


about us:
at listenfirst, we’re passionate about creating insights from social data that help our clients make smarter, faster and more informed decisions than ever before. we partner with the most successful consumer brands in the world to transform how they use social data to drive every kind of decision in their business. clients use our insights to identify trends, acquire new customers, predict sales, optimize marketing campaigns, and drive revenue.
we are building our team and looking for smart, talented, ambitious, and creative people, interested in challenging problems at scale for the biggest brands in the world.
we are currently looking for qualified candidates to fill the role of a data analyst. this is a highly visible role within the product development organization and will report directly to the chief technology officer. this data analyst will support strategic projects and work with internal stakeholders in addition to customer-facing teams and will be key in analyzing, organizing, integrating and managing our diverse and rich data sets.
responsibilities:


conduct full lifecycle analysis to include requirements, activities and design


perform qualitative and quantitative analysis with large, disparate, time series data sets


communicate and present concepts to internal and external stakeholders


develop and implement data analytics and other strategies that optimize efficiency and quality


identify, analyze, and interpret trends or patterns in complex data sets


present results of a technical analysis to business clients or internal teams


collaborate with stakeholders to prioritize business and information needs


locate and define new process improvement opportunities


 
candidate must demonstrate:


superior analytical and problem solving skills


superb communication and organizational skills


an eagerness to learn from, teach, and otherwise collaborate with colleagues


a hyper attention to detail and vigilance to reach correct conclusions


interest or passion with data visualization and reporting


ability to analyze, troubleshoot, and design experiments to quickly validate ideas


ability to multitask and execute within an agile work environment


knowledge of data analysis methodologies, tools, and best practices


 
qualifications:


2+ years in a data analyst or research position


bachelor's or master's degree in engineering, computer science, or other analytical fields where math and statistics are important components


familiarity with software engineering methodologies and/or advanced statistical methods


programming experience in r, and/or python for data analysis


working knowledge of relational database technology and experience authoring sql


familiarity with any widely used business intelligence and reporting tools


experience communicating results through writing, visualization and presentations


basic understanding of marketing channels, especially digitally oriented ones including, but not limited to: facebook, twitter, youtube, tumblr, website analytics, ad-servers, pinterest, etc


 
 
this position is open in new york city, ny. candidates must have authorization to work in the u.s. interested applicants, please submit cover letter and resume or cv.





return to listenfirst media


apply for this job










apply for this job


apply for this job


share










not the right job?

join our talent network




return to listenfirst media








powered by







applicant tracking













