


    database operations/etl analyst at after inc.






























                    afterinc.com
                

                    website
                    
















database operations/etl analyst

new york metro area





after is seeking an operations analyst to join our team. after, inc. provides marketing technology and analytics to some of the most widely recognized companies in manufacturing and retailing. its services include extended service programs, modeling and analytics, and turnkey e-commerce applications. 
qualifications

understanding of relational databases and etl (extraction, transformation, loading) processes. candidates must have the ability to query databases and analyze data using sql.
you must have experience in a major programming language, such as python, ruby, perl, html or java in addition to sql. 
minimum of two years experience working in production etl  environment and ongoing operational tasks
experience with marketing campaigns, solicitations, invoicing, marketing reporting is a plus
ability to navigate both linux and windows environments. experience in linux is important, because some work in the shell environment is required
effective oral and written communication skills, ability to communicate and maintain business relationships with internal and external clients
great documentation skills

other qualifications include:

experience working with large datasets and complex relational data models.
ability to multi-task on different projects and deadlines
familiarity with ticketing systems; ability to manage workflows
attention to detail
ability to be on-call on a rotating schedule

role and responsibilities
the client operations analyst will have a number of important responsibilities, including:

work closely with marketing analysts, account managers and other business users to assist them in accomplishing various tasks including campaign management, invoicing, report generation, and other ad hoc requests
troubleshoot data issues, and other interruptions of production processes
work with databases to analyze data flows 
perform manual operational tasks, following operational procedures
document operational processes and workflows, business and technical requirements

location: new york city area (manhattan or norwalk ct); telecommuting possible. candidates not local to the area must be willing to relocate.
start date: immediate
position type: full-time salaried, or part-time hourly
how to apply
apply at https://afterinc.recruiterbox.com/jobs/fk0frra/. please include a brief cover letter outlining your qualifications for this position.
no recruiters, please.
 





apply for this opening





                                        apply with linkedin
                                    






                                    apply with indeed
                                


apply for this opening at 
                        http://afterinc.recruiterbox.com/jobs/fk0frra?apply=true



 other openings at after inc.
                                
see all the jobs at after inc. here: 
                                    http://afterinc.recruiterbox.com/jobs
                                






                        fetching your linkedin profile ...
                    



application form




                        apply with linkedin
                    





                        apply with indeed
                    






                        first name
                         *
                    




                        last name
                        
                    




                        email
                         *
                    




                        phone
                         *
                    




                        resume
                         *
                    




                        cover letter
                        
                    




                        of the programming languages listed in your resume, which do you believe to be the one where you have the highest proficiency?
                         *
                    
















thanks for your time





apply for this opening



                    apply with linkedin
                



                    apply with indeed
                

share this opening with friends








 other openings at after inc.
                    
see all the jobs at after inc. here: 
                        http://afterinc.recruiterbox.com/jobs
                    














powered by
recruiterbox















