



extrahop networks, inc. careers - data analyst



























 










                                                    extrahop networks, inc. careers                                            







                data analyst
    
    

                            engineering - pm - it svcs            
                    seattle,
                            washington
                
                        



        apply
    



big data, the cloud, elastic computing, saas, aws, byod, hpc, sdn—we do it all. the solutions we build at extrahop are transforming the it industry. from retail websites and point-of-sale systems to financial services and the healthcare industry, extrahop helps modern businesses handle the growing demands on their applications and infrastructures.we’re growing fast and we’re looking for people who love to build things: products, companies, markets, and their careers! think you have what it takes to work on one of the best teams in the industry? read on.responsibilities:prepare application protocol analysis reports for extrahop customerscoordinate the tracking of scheduled report tasks and deliver final reports to customers handle multiple active accounts of diverse scopeprovide analysis of data, evaluating multiple application protocols including web, database, storage, and supporting infrastructure such as dns, ldap, ssl, smtp, and ftp participate in findings review sessionsreview performance and trends of multiple application protocols and providerecommendations for service improvementcontribute with industry knowledge to the evolution of extrahop the atlas remote analysis servicerequired qualifications and experiencewe’re looking for an application protocol data analyst who can help us grow to the next level as a company. as a starting point for this hands-on position, you’ll need the following background:4 year degree or equivalent in a related discipline such as computer science,engineering, mathematics, or information technologyworking knowledge of application architecture designexperience in it application troubleshootingstrong customer service skillsunderstanding of application communication protocols including, but not limited to, http, https, tns, tds, cifs, nas, ssl, dns, ldap, smtp, and ftpknowledge of enterprise networking technologiesknowledge of enterprise application architecturewillingness to do what is necessary to help the support and services team make our customers successfulabout extrahopat extrahop, we create great products because we give talented employees the freedom to be intellectually curious and creative. we seek a diversity of perspectives and foster employee quirkiness and spunk to help drive innovation. every extrahop employee knows that we’re all in this together and that work is an important part of life so it should be fun. a sense of humor is required here, seriously!we are the global leader in real-time wire data analytics, a novel approach to it operational analytics. our market opportunity is greater than $15b and our solutions span all industries. pretty neat, huh? if you want to join a fun team that produces award-winning products that provide tremendous business value and delight customers, then extrahop is the company for you!founded by engineers, extrahop is a seattle-based technology company that delivers elegant solutions for the tech industry’s most challenging problems. as a privately held fast-growing technology leader in the $20b it operations management space, extrahop networks is positioned to be the next great systems company. we are known as innovators who take a smart, creative approach to solving problems. our extrahop team and product line have received many awards, including wins in multiple categories of best of interop, a gold medal prize in puget sound business journal’s annual list of washington’s best workplaces, and several gold stevie american business awards.extrahop is an equal opportunity employer. qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, disability, military status, or national origin or any other characteristic protected under federal, state, or applicable local law.




        apply
    

        apply later    


            ← back to current openings        




share





linkedin




facebook




twitter




email






similar jobs





                                    {{ job.title }}
                                












powered by jobvite









