





data analyst - redmond, wa - decisive data jobs









 














home
jobs




data analyst - redmond, wa

toggle navigation








data analyst 

jobslogin 











 27-nov-2017 to 26-feb-2018 (pst) development redmond, wa, usa full time 



email me similar jobs email me this job



our organization delivers top-notch business intelligence solutions to our clients. the team is agile, lean, and composed of hard working, smart, self-starting individuals. we prize ingenuity, allow chances to push the envelope, and more than anything we prize critical thinking and excellence.
 
whether you're a recent grad or an experienced consultant who's done it all, we're looking for a multi-talented data analyst who's looking to make a big impact. projects include sales pipeline measurement, healthcare efficiency reporting, and sales/competitive intelligence product development.
 
we are looking for an individual with a natural ability to understand our client's business questions and use data to quantify and gain knowledge required to answer the questions at hand.
 
practical work experience background with database design, sql development/data extraction, and excel/tableau report design will put you ahead of the curve.
 
 a background in computer science and data driven applications is preferred. however, if you are a recent graduate of a program such as applied mathematics, physics, or management information systems, and think you are a good fit, then we'd love to hear from you.
 
duties and responsibilities:

partner with clients to learn their business and build valuable new reports
capture requirements and collaborate with bi developers to deliver new metrics and reports
be a high-horsepower contributor delivering, standardizing,  and organizing data for business uses
take initiative where appropriate to drive project architecture and processes
represent our company and build great relationships with clients in various industries.

 
requirements:

understand the problem at hand, study possible solutions, and find creative answers
compose clear, concise and well formatted emails
communicate issues and questions as soon as they become apparent
excellent problem solving, analytical, communication and customer-facing skills
team player and excellent collaborator
willingness to dive into new technologies
self-motivated, able to work independently, active participant in career growth
basic experience with report design and delivery using excel/tableau/pivot table
willingness to travel 25%

 
beneficial background and skills:

sql database development; t-sql; and complex query development
business intelligence training with emphasis on sql server analysis services cubes / tabular / tableau
understanding of etl principles such as meta-driven etl, table driven business rules, and dimensional modeling
business acumen around software and high-tech manufacturing business processes
bs degree in computer science/acms/mis
microsoft sql server certifications  (i.e. mcdba, mcsd, mcse)

 
decisive data is an equal opportunity employer. decisive data prohibits discrimination and harassment against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, age, religion, sex, national origin, sexual identity or expression, sexual orientation, disability, veteran, military or marital status, genetic information or any other protected status.

decisive data
https://decisivedata.applicantpro.com






apply now



you have javascript disabled on your browser. you will not be able to apply for this position without enabling javascript. if you need assistance with enabling javascript, please click here for assistance.





 

* fields are required




what is your full name?




first name



last name





how can we contact you?


email





phone number



number type

home
cell
work






what is your preferred method of communication?


email
text message






apply for this position
apply for this position
by clicking the button above, i agree to applicantpro's applicant information use policy. 






sign up for job alerts!








share this page







 


 


hiring software maintained by applicantpro - © 2017



refresh




 
 
 
 







go
common questions




























