atlassian sr. engineer, data engineering | smartrecruiters

sr. engineer, data engineeringmountain view, cafull-timejob descriptionatlassian is looking for experienced and talented software engineers to join our new smarts and data engineering team. you’ll work with our small team to build the systems, data pipelines and machine learning models that power our products. we’re just getting started, so we’ll have you come in and start with building the data pipelines before moving on to working with our data science team to build and scale our machine learning models.this is an incredible opportunity for someone who is passionate about data and looking to build a world class data landscape in the machine learning domain. more about youyou love data and want to use it to make people’s lives more efficient and connected. you’re not afraid of and have experience in rolling up your sleeves to build data pipelines and can also run experiments using the data stores to model and test features for our diverse products.on your first day, we'll expect you to have:5+ years of industry experienceminimum of 2 years of experience in data and api developmentfluency in any modern object-oriented programming language (e.g., java, scala, python)pipeline design and implementation with large distributed databases (kinesis/kafka, spark, s3/hdfs etc)experience in collecting, analysing, and synthesizing results from various data sourcesreal passion for collaboration and strong interpersonal skillsstrong sense of accountability and understanding of privacy around user databachelor's degree in computer science or equivalentit's great, but not required if you have:previous experience with scaling and deploying machine learning modelsprevious experience with search and data modeling or building a recommendation engine based on interpretation of user behaviormore about the teamthis new and innovative team will be leading the initiative to build products and features that haven't been invented yet. being a part of this team will require equal parts problem solving, ideation, and coding. the team is small, but the opportunity is big. imagine the enormity of the data and insight we have when most of the world's technology, project management, ticketing systems and internal wikis are driven by atlassian products. we get to empower enterprise organizations to build better services and experiences by unleashing the power of their data and their teamsmore about atlassiansoftware is changing the world, and we’re at the center of it all. with more than 80,000 global customers (including 85 of the fortune 100) and a highly disruptive business model, we’re advancing the art of team collaboration with products like jira, confluence and hipchat–and we’re just getting started. driven by honest values, an amazing culture, and consistent revenue growth, we’re out to unleash the potential of every team. from amsterdam and austin to sydney and san francisco, we’re looking for people who are powered by passion and eager to do the best work of their lives in a highly autonomous yet collaborative, no b.s. environment.we believe that the unique contributions of all atlassians is the driver of our success. to make sure that our products and culture continue to incorporate everyone's perspectives and experience we never discriminate on the basis of race, religion, national origin, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, age, or marital, veteran, or disability status.i'm interestedi'm interestedrefer a friendshare this jobpowered by