


accolade inc | careers |data scientist engineer intern


















































please enable cookies to continue
please enable cookies in your browser to experience all the personalized features of this site, including the ability to apply for a job.





returning candidate?

log back in!





data scientist engineer intern



data scientist engineer intern




id 

2017-2831




job location 
us-wa-seattle





posted date 

11/22/2017









more information about this job




role overview







come implement algorithms and services to expose machine intelligence in a service-oriented architecture! your work will enable accolade’s members to make the best decisions for their healthcare.  you will use a combination of python, flask, aws, map-reduce, and spark to expose machine learned models to accolade’s cloud platform.  our office is a fun, fast-paced environment using state-of-the art technologies and agile processes with the mission of having a positive impact on the healthcare system.







a day in the life







key projects, deliverables, and primary responisbilities:implement service endpoints and features to make machine intelligence available to our platform.use state-of-the art technologies such as cicd, aws, and docker.participate in a fast-paced agile environment, collaborating with developers across the company.key knowledge, skills, and qualities:computer science majorkowledge or experience using python, spark, docker, flask, or map-reduce (hadoop)  values we admirewe find joy and purpose in serving others.making a difference is what we do. we do the right thing for the right reasons – and we do it well, even when it’s hard.you operate from a perspective of truly caring about our employees, clients, and customers and creating value for them.we are strong individually and together, we’re powerful. we believe in each other, in honesty, and in having fun. you won’t find egos or office walls here because we aren’t defined by titles – but by actions, behaviors and results.we roll up our sleeves and get stuff done.we’re boldly and relentlessly reinventing healthcare.we are a company changing the world, one person at a time.super high expectations? bring it on? our curiosity drives us.you understand our desire to be the best place to work and that trust is the foundation of that.







who we are







accolade is an on-demand healthcare concierge for employers, health plans, health systems and consumers. our team of compassionate, exceptional professionals is supported by breakthrough science and technologies to guide people through the healthcare system in a deeply personalized manner. by taking the time to get to know each person, understand the context of their healthcare decisions, build trust and influence decisions, we deliver industry-leading engagement levels, satisfaction scores unseen in healthcare, better health outcomes, and cost savings of more than 10 percent. accolade has been recognized as one of the nation’s 25 most promising companies by forbes magazine, the fastest-growing private healthcare company by inc. 500 and a top workplace in philadelphia for five consecutive years. for more information, visit www.accolade.com.





options

apply for this job onlineapplyshareshare this job with a friendrefer



share on your newsfeed




connect with us!




not ready to apply? connect with us for general consideration.







go back to the welcome page

application faqssoftware powered by icimswww.icims.com









