









career opportunities | a place to work, a place to grow















        for full functionality of this page it is necessary to enable javascript. 
        here are the 
        instructions how to enable javascript in your web browser



program & data analyst, job #103061 | a place to work, a place to grow page has loaded. 

program & data analyst, job #103061 | a place to work, a place to grow page has loaded. 








  click here or press any key to continue.






                        we updated our privacy policy and terms of use, effective december 12, 2017. view privacy policy and terms of use

×















menu







                close menu
            










                        a place to work, a place to grow
                    




 




career opportunities
                                        



internal opportunities
                                        



acting assignment registry- current sha staff only
                                        



career interest card
                                        



job class specifications
                                        



seattle housing authority home page
                                        



questions? contact human resources
                                        



help & support
                            



legal & privacy
                            




social




facebook





twitter





google+










career opportunities




sign in












                don't have an account?
                create one.
            

                already have an account?
                sign in.
            








username
















                applications
                





                inbox
                





                profile
            




                account
            




                sign out
                after clicking on this link you will be logged out and the page will be reloaded.










welcome!
thanks for creating an account.













a place to work, a place to grow




powered by
neogov
®












                program & data analyst, job #103061
            



print









                    apply
                







program & data analyst, job #103061





                            salary
                            




$26.59 - $39.89 hourly





                        location
                        




seattle, wa






job type


regular full-time position




department


executive






job number


103061









closing



                continuous
            






description


benefits


questions






job summary
program & data analyst, job #103061closing date/time: open until filledstarting pay range/salary range: g/$26.59 - $39.89 hourly + excellent benefitsregular full-time, flsa exempt positionthe seattle housing authority, a nationally recognized leader in providing innovative, affordable housing communities, is seeking to fill the position of data and program analyst within its office of policy and strategic initiatives (policy office). seattle housing authority's policy office is committed to four strategic goals:     - improving sha's operations and service by using moving to work (mtw) authority fully     and effectively  - ensuring that sha's strategic plan is a "living" guide for decisions, priorities and measures     of success  - helping sha to become a data driven organization, grounded in solid analysis  - elevating sha's strategic policy issues to an agency-wide focusworking across agency initiatives and projects, the data and program analyst will further these goals and broader agency objectives by providing key data analytics and evaluation support.the application process will begin october 27, and remain open until filled. first review of application materials is scheduled for november 10. major responsibilities include:  - analyze, research and compile data, develop information and consider available solutions or     alternate methods concerning strategic goals, as well as all other functions pertaining to     policy development  - utilize a high degree of qualitative and quantitative analytical skills to evaluate and improve     the efficiency and effectiveness of agency programs/initiatives  - provide technical assistance in defining metrics and developing data collection instruments     across a range of policy and evaluation projects  - create and maintain data tracking from multiple sources; and ensure data quality processes     (defining, tracking, refining, and validating)  - manage and extract data related to agency metrics from multiple databases  - create and document analytic plans for both ongoing and one-time data runs  - develop, write and edit reports and briefs that demonstrate analytical information to inform      decision-making processes for internal and external audiences  - perform other duties as assignedthe ideal candidate will have at minimum a bachelor's degree from an accredited college or university with preferable coursework in public policy, public administration, economics, or related field with at least two years experience in analyst role or related field. prior experience with low-income housing or human service programs targeting similar populations is highly preferred. to be considered, each candidate must meet the minimum qualifications as described above, submit a cover letter, and respond to the associated supplemental questions.




benefitsseattle housing authority (sha) offers an excellent benefits package for regular and project full-time and part-time employees scheduled to work at least 80 hours per month.  (temporary and on-call positions are not eligible for benefits package).  the following is a brief summary of the sha benefit programs: eligibilityas a new hire your coverage begins on the first calendar day of the month if your hired date is on the first of that month. otherwise your coverage begins on the first of the following month. medicalemployees may select from four medical plans – the kaiser permanente standard plan, kaiser permanente deductible plan, city of seattle preventive plan, and city of seattle traditional plan.the monthly cost for each of the plans are as follows:kaiser permanente standard plan is $48.40 with or without children or $99.90 with spouse/domestic partner with or without childrenkaiser permanente deductible plan is $25.00 with or without children or $56.92 with spouse/domestic partner with or without childrencity of seattle preventive plan is $48.12 with or without children or $98.50 with spouse/domestic partner with or without childrencity of seattle traditional plan is $0 with or without children or $32.34 with spouse/domestic partner with or without childrendentalemployees may select from two dental plans - delta dental, an incentive plan or dental health services, a managed care plan.  our dental plans include coverage for eligible dependents.   visionsha offers two vision plans through vision service plan.  the basic plan is fully paid by sha.  the vision buy-up plan is paid by the employee.  the buy-up plan provides more frequent coverage of lenses, frames and contact lenses and includes coverage of progressive lenses. long term disability insuranceif you are disabled, the plan will be combined with other sources of income to pay you $400 a month after a 90 day waiting period.  the basic benefit maximum will be $400 per month while you are unable to work.  employees may purchase long term disability coverage that provides up to 60% of gross monthly salary during disability.  coverage provided by standard insurance company. long term care insuranceoptional group insurance provides benefits for long term care needs such as home care, assisted living and nursing home care. varying levels of coverage and service options are available at low group rates through unum.group term life (gtl) insuranceyou can select from one of two plans - basic gtl which is one-and-a-half times your annual earnings or limited basic gtl of $50,000.00.  sha will contribute 40% of the cost for the gtl insurance.  you have the option to purchase supplemental gtl. if you have elected basic group term life you may purchase supplemental term life insurance for yourself, spouse/domestic partner, and dependent children.  the maximum amount of life insurance available is four times your annual income for the employee, 50% of the amount of coverage you elect for the spouse, and $2,000, $5,000 or $10,000 for children.accidental death & dismemberment insuranceseattle housing authority offers an employee-paid group ad&d insurance plan. an employee may cover his or herself, or a family member, for amounts from $25,000 to $500,000, in $25,000 increments. ad&d insurance pays a death benefit if the insured person dies due to an accident, or a percentage of the full insurance amount if the covered person loses a limb.  coverage provided through the hartford insurance.  retirement planpublic employees' retirement system (pers) membership is defined by washington state statues, and is mandatory if you are hired into an "eligible" position.  however, if you are retired from or have been a member of the city of seattle, spokane or tacoma employee's retirement system, your pers enrollment must be verified and approved by the washington state department of retirement system.   click retirement system for more details. flexible spending accountemployees have the option of contributing part of their pay before social security, medicare, and federal income tax withholding to pay for medical, dental, and dependent care expenses. there are two accounts: a health care flexible spending account, and a dependent care flexible spending account. employees can sign up for one or both accounts. the plan is offered through flex-plan services. leave benefitsannual leaveis provided for vacation and personal time off. first year employees earn up to 3.84 hours per bi-weekly pay period (100 hours annually), increasing incrementally each year of service, up to 7.69 per hours per pay period at 25 years of service (200 hours annually). leave hours for part time staff are pro-rated. there is 240 hour annual carryover limit for annual leave.sick leave is provided for health care and related appointments. first year employees earn 3.69 hours per pay period. hours for part time staff are pro-rated. there is no maximum or carryover limit for sick leave.pay for performance program & merit awardsregular administrative non-represented staff are eligible for merit pay and merit leave awards based on their annual performance evaluation and on the agency's fiscal year performance from january through december of each year.  an employee's merit awards are based on the employee's performance rating, the position of the employee's salary within the salary range, and the fiscal performance of the agency.  for new and promoted employees, the merit awards will be pro-rated based on length of time in the current position during the calendar year.paid holidaysseattle housing authority has nine legal and personal holidays, as detailed below.new year's daydr. martin luther king jr. daypresidents daymemorial dayindependence daylabor daythanksgiving daythe day following thanksgivingchristmas daypersonal holidays for regular employees, up to three personal holidays are granted each calendar year. they are available to be scheduled in advance by the employee with supervisor approval.unless specified otherwise in a collective bargaining agreement, regular employees hired between january 1 and may 31 are granted three personal holidays. if hired from june 1 until november 10, two personal holidays are granted. if hired beginning november 11 or later, no personal holidays are granted until january 1. additional benefits employee transportation programa discount commuter orca passport is offered, for use on regular metro, community transit, pierce transit, kitsap transit, everett transit, sound transit, link light rail, and sounder commuter train routes. it provides reduced or fully covered fares on most vanpool routes.  an emergency ride home program, bike racks at various sites, and shower facilities at several offices are also provided, along with discount zipcar membership (if accepted).  group discount parking is available for registered vanpools in certain areas. flex-timewith supervisor approval, work hours may be scheduled around core hours of 8:00 am to 5:00 pm, or a compressed 4/10 workweek. this option is not available for every position.teleworkwith supervisor approval, employees can perform assigned duties from home at certain times. this option is not available for every position.employee assistance programconfidential counseling, referral, and information services are available through wellspring family services.washington deferred compensation programtax deferred savings plans are available through the washington state department of retirement systems' deferred compensation program.  click dcp for more details.credit unionsparticipation in two credit unions is available: seattle metropolitan credit union and alaska usa federal credit union. 







01


i have read and affirm that i meet the minimum qualifications for this position.

yes
no





02


do you have at least two years of experience in an analyst role or related field, preferably including experience in policy issues impacting people with low-incomes?

yes
no





03


if yes, please briefly describe your work and education experience specifically as it relates to analysis and policy issues impacting people with extremely low-incomes.






04


please briefly discuss your direct work experience establishing and defining metrics and developing data collection instruments.






05


please discuss your direct work experience analyzing large datasets from multiple sources. please include a project on which you were the primary analyst. describe the types of data analyzed and your corresponding findings and recommendations.






06


please rate your proficiency with the program listed below:

sql related programs (e.g., access, crystal reports professional, sql server or equivalent)

no experience
beginner
proficient
expert





07


please describe your experience extracting, validating, and analyzing data with sql. use specific examples of the types of data examined, the data manipulation you performed, and the syntax you created to extract and analyze the data.






08


please rate your proficiency with the program listed below: 

gis:

no experience
beginner
proficient
expert





09


please describe your experience validating and analyzing data with gis. use specific examples of the types of data examined, the data manipulation you performed.






10


please rate your proficiency with the program listed below: 

stata (or other similar analytical tools):

no experience
beginner
proficient
expert





11


please describe your experience validating and analyzing data with stata or other similar analytical tools. use specific examples of the types of data examined, the data manipulation you performed, and the syntax you created to analyze the data.






12


note other system or program name(s) below, and describe your experience using those systems or programs to extract, validate, and analyze data. use specific examples of the types of data examined, the data manipulation you performed, and the syntax you created to extract and analyze the data.





 required question
                        







agency
seattle housing authority




address


                        190 queen anne avenue north, p.o. box 19028


                        seattle, washington, 98109-1028.
                    





phone

206-615-3323                        





website


                        http://www.seattlehousing.org
                    




 


                    apply
                



            your browser does not support the iframe feature, which is required by this web page.
        










                    career opportunities
                



                    account
                




copyright © 2017












a place to work, a place to grow


career opportunities










                support
            






sign in form is opened
job application


job details



applying as:

|

                    support
                




                close
            












                close
            







































