






uw human resources















skip to main content
     a-z index
contact us
academic hr
uw.edu
 enter search text:         university of washington human resources university of washington human resources home  jobs  why work at uw? before you apply temporary work employee referral program find a job  total rewards  compensation  professional staff compensation classified staff compensation  benefits  health benefits insurance benefits retirement plans health and wellness  worklife  uw carelink child care elder care workplace giving the whole u discounts and perks  leaves and holidays  leaves holiday schedule flexwork   workplace essentials  employee support  employee recognition employee work performance complaint resolution update personal information uw safecampus  career development  professional development online learning opportunities career tools and services tuition exemption  manager resources  hiring new employees performance management succession planning organizational development  quick links  employee self-service my hr tools opus owls uwhires login   policies, forms, and contracts  policies forms labor union contracts classified non-union information professional staff program  offices  office of the vice president benefits compensation disability services office hr administration and information systems hr operations labor relations marketing, communications, and engagement professional & organizational development worklife 
menu      jobs  why work at uw? before you apply temporary work employee referral program find a job  total rewards  compensation  professional staff compensation classified staff compensation  benefits  health benefits insurance benefits retirement plans health and wellness  worklife  uw carelink child care elder care workplace giving the whole u discounts and perks  leaves and holidays  leaves holiday schedule flexwork   workplace essentials  employee support  employee recognition employee work performance complaint resolution update personal information uw safecampus  career development  professional development online learning opportunities career tools and services tuition exemption  manager resources  hiring new employees performance management succession planning organizational development  quick links  employee self-service my hr tools opus owls uwhires login   policies, forms, and contracts  policies forms labor union contracts classified non-union information professional staff program  offices  office of the vice president benefits compensation disability services office hr administration and information systems hr operations labor relations marketing, communications, and engagement professional & organizational development worklife 
 morea-z index
contact us
academic hr
uw.edu
enter search text: 







	if you are using a screen reader and experience any difficulty accessing our web pages, please call 206-543-2544 or email uwhires and we will be happy to assist you. jump to content








job search











analyst







		
	 

	





analyst





req #:
148631


department:
michael g. foster school of business


job location:
 seattle campus 
					


posting date:
10/18/2017 


closing info:

						open until filled  


salary:
salary and benefits are competitive.  salary is commensurate with qualifications and experience. 


shift:
first shift 
					









the university of washington (uw) is proud to be one of the nation’s premier educational and research institutions. our people are the most important asset in our pursuit of achieving excellence in education, research, and community service. our staff not only enjoy outstanding benefits and professional growth opportunities, but also an environment noted for diversity, community involvement, intellectual excitement, artistic pursuits, and natural beauty.

the michael g. foster school of business is the second oldest institution of management education on the west coast and consistently ranks among the top business schools in the united states – for both undergraduate and graduate degrees.  the foster school serves more than 2500 students.  while the school of business has long been known as one of the top business schools, our goal is to be the best public school in the nation. 

we have an outstanding opportunity for an analyst. under general direction of the university of washington foster school of business assistant dean for finance and facilities, the analyst 1) performs statistical and data analysis that can be used to inform strategic and operational decisions and 2) serves as the primary budget planner and accounting manager for the foster school. 

the current foster operating budget is $72m. the scope of the analysis encompasses financial data, student data, budget information, and business processes. this role may have a direct impact on foster's policies, business operations, decisions impacting the allocation of funds, staffing levels, and program results. work performed will include the development of conclusions and recommendations for the leadership team, benchmarking to other institutions, budget oversight, analysis and special projects.

the successful candidate will be both detail oriented and focused on the big picture. they will be proactive, have strong technical skills, and work well independently. the role will consist of three areas:

strategic planning 20%

* work with the assistant dean of finance to restructure foster's budget process, organization codes, and budget index to maximize efficiency and effectiveness
* coordinate with other schools to establish best practices, formulate policies, and benchmark results
* manage the foster state budget allocation in bgt
* perform special projects which require significant interpersonal, technical, and analytical skills

analysis and reporting 50%

* become a resource to the school to help with data requests and answer questions such as:

   -if acceptance is increased to a program by x% over x years, how much projected revenue per student is expected?
   -could changes be made to program fees to maximize resources, stay competitive, and cover costs?
   -how much revenue is earned for each additional non-foster student taking a foster undergrad 4 credit course?
    -what is the real cost (to foster) for each ug student tuition waiver that is granted?

* develop and implement evaluation methodologies providing decision support to the foster school leadership
* manage the creation of quarterly, annual, and ad hoc financial statements for distribution to the dean, associate deans, chairs, directors and/or external organizations. provide compelling narratives and aesthetic design layouts for presentation.
* forecast expenditures and prepare cost estimates and projections
* analyze findings, identify areas requiring improvement, and pursue more efficient mthods and processes.

operations 30%

* oversee foster's annual budget process which includes creating budgets for over 30 units and departments, setting meetings, providing training to new fiscal staff, and working with the unit administrators to complete.
* manage foster's gifts including oversight to ensue funds are spent strategically, monitoring budgets, working with advancement to complete transfers, and being proactive to head off cash flow issues and eliminate deficits.
* approve transactions
* work closely with the school of nursing team to determine key data needs and analytical scenarios.
* facilitate in  solving business problems by formulating and facilitating solutions.
* project management. manage the timeline and execution of a reporting rhythm in line with key milestones in the academic year.

miscellaneous

perform other duties as required to support the ongoing mission and strategic plans of the school.



requirements include:

bachelor's degree in business, finance or related field
a minimum of 5 years demonstrated experience with business intelligence systems, data mining operations, data management, and strategic planning in a major academic institution (or equivalent)
expert proficiency with microsoft excel data features
expert proficiency with powerpoint
ability to derive insights from data and display information in a user friendly formats.
passion for innovation, learning and continuous improvement
ability to develop strong professional relationships
ability to interpret and communicate to others complex policies and procedures
excellent verbal and written communication skills and the ability to interact professionally with a diverse group, executives, managers, and subject matter experts
ability to work independently with a high degree of integrity, reliability, accuracy and productivity
ability to handle confidential information responsibly
demonstrated experience of successful handling multiple projects with critical deadlines

equivalent education/experience will substitute for all minimum qualifications except when there are legal requirements, such as a license/certification/registration.


desired:

experience working in large, highly structured academic environments
experience in working with sql and data warehouse environments
experience with data and computerized information systems in an academic setting
master's degree in finance or related field preferred
proficiency in working with uw fiscal policies and procedures and administrative systems (enterprise data warehouse, bgt, myfinancial desktop, bi portal, workday).


conditions of employment:

appointment to this position is contingent upon obtaining satisfactory results from a criminal background check.

as a uw employee, you will enjoy generous benefits and work/life programs. for a complete description of our benefits for this position, please visit our website, click here.


application process:
the application process for uw positions may include completion of a variety of online assessments to obtain additional information that will be used in the evaluation process.  these assessments may include work authorization, criminal conviction history, cover letter and/or others.  any assessments that you need to complete will appear on your screen as soon as you select “apply to this position”. once you begin an assessment, it must be completed at that time; if you do not complete the assessment, you will be prompted to do so the next time you access your “my jobs” page. if you select to take it later, it will appear on your "my jobs" page to take when you are ready. please note that your application will not be reviewed, and you will not be considered for this position until all required assessments have been completed.







 the university of washington is a leader in environmental stewardship & sustainability, and committed to becoming climate neutral.
				


the university of washington is an equal opportunity, affirmative action employer.
				to request disability accommodation in the application process, contact the disability services office at 206-543-6450 / 206-543-6452 (tty) or dso@uw.edu.





apply for this job



























 university of washington be boundless accessibility
jobs
safecampus
privacy
terms
employment verification
workplace posters
 © 2016 university of washington | seattle, wa









