









job opportunities | .















        for full functionality of this page it is necessary to enable javascript. 
        here are the 
        instructions how to enable javascript in your web browser



engineering data analyst (ce, asst i) | . page has loaded. 

engineering data analyst (ce, asst i) | . page has loaded. 








  click here or press any key to continue.






                        we updated our privacy policy and terms of use, effective december 12, 2017. view privacy policy and terms of use

×















menu







                close menu
            







                        .
                    




 




job opportunities
                                        



city employees only (ofa)
                                        



student internships & workstudy
                                        



class specifications
                                        



job categories
                                        



city of seattle privacy policy
                                        



city of seattle is an equal opportunity employer - know your rights
                                        



help & support
                            



legal & privacy
                            




social




linkedin





twitter










job opportunities




sign in












                don't have an account?
                create one.
            

                already have an account?
                sign in.
            








username
















                applications
                





                inbox
                





                profile
            




                account
            




                sign out
                after clicking on this link you will be logged out and the page will be reloaded.










welcome!
thanks for creating an account.










.




powered by
neogov
®












                engineering data analyst (ce, asst i)
            



print









                    apply
                







engineering data analyst (ce, asst i)





                            salary
                            




$32.06 - $34.67 hourly





                        location
                        




seattle, wa






job type


classified civil service, regular, full-time




department


seattle department of transportation






job number


2017-01195









closing



                continuous
            






description


benefits


questions






position description
the transportation operations division of the seattle department of transportation (sdot) presents an exceptional opportunity working with a team of professionals focused on creating a safe, interconnected, vibrant, affordable, and innovative city for all. reporting to the traffic data & records supervisor, the engineering data analyst will conduct traffic engineering studies on traffic flow, traffic accident locations, and other traffic related matters. the position also assists in the planning, development, justification, and implementation of various data gathering projects related to transportation, traffic, data analytics, data visualization, and smart cities topics.
job responsibilities
provide essential functions for the traffic data and records group including responsibility for the expanding pedestrian and bike data program. specific job responsibilities include: conduct traffic engineering studies on traffic flow, traffic accident locations, parking, and other traffic related matters assist in the planning, development, justification, and implementation of various data gathering projects related to transportation, traffic, data analytics, data visualization, and smart cities topics analyze data for completeness and statistical feasibility select appropriate methods of presenting data and prepares charts, spreadsheets, graphs, maps, statistical tables, and other visual aids as necessary assist in the design and development of information databases and spreadsheets support on-demand, large-scale, exploratory, and targeted data research and analysis assist with the installation of traffic data collection equipment in the field as required, and compile information from a variety of devices organize and maintain reporting and public distribution system for the division's traffic data, including online distribution through the sdot website and data.seattle.gov update the asset management system regarding traffic collisions, sign creation, and road modification participate in presentations, special projects, and other assignments as directed meet with community groups and representatives of other agencies and city departments to discuss current or proposed projects support department goals in promoting diversity and social justicethese responsibilities are only a summary of typical functions of the job and are not intended to be an exhaustive or comprehensive list of all possible job responsibilities, tasks, and duties. may perform other duties as assigned.
qualifications
required qualifications: bachelor's degree in civil engineering, civil engineering technology, or a related field ability to effectively work in a multicultural workplace with a diverse customer baseother combinations of education, training, and/or experience that provide an equivalent background required to perform the work of the class may be evaluated on an individual basis for comparability. required certifications/licenses:current washington state driver's license or evidence of equivalent mobility. desired qualifications: experience in research, data collection, writing summaries, and visualizing data experience in data analytics and statistical modeling using r, python, sql, or other equivalent tools experience with databases and data warehousing including organizing, compiling, manipulating, analyzing, and summarizing large datasets excellent oral and written ability to communicate effectively with other professionals and all levels within the organization and the ability to present research findings effectively experience with gis (geographic information system), spatial analysis, cartography, and mapping strong analytical, problem-solving, and organizational skills, together with an ability to take initiative, multi-task, and work under time constraints ability to work independently and/or in a team environment and under minimal supervision at least one year of experience in right-of-way engineering able to read/understand plans and construction standards proficient in microsoft word, excel, and powerpoint multilingualwork environment/physical demands:most work will be performed in a normal city office environment; however, may be required to work nights, evenings, weekends, and holidays and in field assignments with exposure to all types of weather, traffic conditions, hazardous/toxic substances, and construction sites.  may be required to lift over 50lbs and stand, walk, or bend for extended periods of time. overnight travel may be required.
additional information
application process:applications are reviewed after the job posting closes. complete or submit the following to be considered for this outstanding opportunity: neogov online (or paper) application supplemental questionnaire a cover letter and résuméyour application may be rejected if these items are missing or incomplete. simply providing a cover letter and résumé is not a substitute for completing the application itself. job offer is contingent upon verification of credentials and other information required by the employment process and may include an oral interview, reference and criminal history background check, medical exam, and a review of driving history.learn more about seattle department of transportation by visiting our webpage.




the city of seattle offers a comprehensive benefits package including vacation, holiday and sick leave as well as medical, dental, vision, life and long-term disability insurance for employees and their dependents.more information about employee benefits is available on the city's website at: http://www.seattle.gov/jobs/benefits.asp







01


which below best describes your highest completed level of education?

some high school
high school diploma or ged
some college
vocational/technical certificate
associate degree
bachelor's degree
master's degree
doctorate degree
professional degree
other





02


if you have a degree, certificate, or "other" as noted above, describe your major or course of study. if you do not, type na.






03


of the following, which best describes your current driver license status?

i currently possess a wa state driver license
i currently possess a washington state commercial driver license - class a
i currently possess a washington state commercial driver license - class b
i currently possess a washington state commercial driver license - class c
i currently possess a commercial driver license (from another state)
i currently possess a driver license from another jurisdiction (state, country, province, etc.)
i do not possess a driver license





04


describe your experience in research, data collection, writing summaries, and visualizing data from within a civil engineering perspective. if you do not have this experience, type na.






05


briefly describe what makes you an excellent candidate for this particular role at sdot.






06


where, specifically, did you first hear of this opportunity?





 required question
                        







agency
city of seattle




address


                        seattle municipal tower
                        700 5th avenue, suite 5500



                            

                        seattle, washington, 98104.
                    





website


                        http://www.seattle.gov/jobs
                    




 


                    apply
                



            your browser does not support the iframe feature, which is required by this web page.
        










                    job opportunities
                



                    account
                




copyright © 2017












.


job opportunities










                support
            



sign in form is opened
job application


job details



applying as:

|

                    support
                




                close
            












                close
            







































