






uw human resources















skip to main content
     a-z index
contact us
academic hr
uw.edu
 enter search text:         university of washington human resources university of washington human resources home  jobs  why work at uw? before you apply temporary work employee referral program find a job  total rewards  compensation  professional staff compensation classified staff compensation  benefits  health benefits insurance benefits retirement plans health and wellness  worklife  uw carelink child care elder care workplace giving the whole u discounts and perks  leaves and holidays  leaves holiday schedule flexwork   workplace essentials  employee support  employee recognition employee work performance complaint resolution update personal information uw safecampus  career development  professional development online learning opportunities career tools and services tuition exemption  manager resources  hiring new employees performance management succession planning organizational development  quick links  employee self-service my hr tools opus owls uwhires login   policies, forms, and contracts  policies forms labor union contracts classified non-union information professional staff program  offices  office of the vice president benefits compensation disability services office hr administration and information systems hr operations labor relations marketing, communications, and engagement professional & organizational development worklife 
menu      jobs  why work at uw? before you apply temporary work employee referral program find a job  total rewards  compensation  professional staff compensation classified staff compensation  benefits  health benefits insurance benefits retirement plans health and wellness  worklife  uw carelink child care elder care workplace giving the whole u discounts and perks  leaves and holidays  leaves holiday schedule flexwork   workplace essentials  employee support  employee recognition employee work performance complaint resolution update personal information uw safecampus  career development  professional development online learning opportunities career tools and services tuition exemption  manager resources  hiring new employees performance management succession planning organizational development  quick links  employee self-service my hr tools opus owls uwhires login   policies, forms, and contracts  policies forms labor union contracts classified non-union information professional staff program  offices  office of the vice president benefits compensation disability services office hr administration and information systems hr operations labor relations marketing, communications, and engagement professional & organizational development worklife 
 morea-z index
contact us
academic hr
uw.edu
enter search text: 







	if you are using a screen reader and experience any difficulty accessing our web pages, please call 206-543-2544 or email uwhires and we will be happy to assist you. jump to content








job search











data reporting analyst







		
	 

	





data reporting analyst





req #:
150569


department:
arts & sciences - university advancement


job location:
 seattle campus 
					


posting date:
10/31/2017 


closing info:

						open until filled  


salary:
salary and benefits are competitive.  salary is commensurate with qualifications and experience. 


shift:
first shift 
					


notes:



first consideration will be given to those who apply by november 14, 2017

as a uw employee, you will enjoy generous benefits and work/life programs.  for detailed information on benefits for this position, click here.

 
					









as a uw employee, you have a unique opportunity to change lives on our campuses, in our state and around the world. uw employees offer their boundless energy, creative problem solving skills and dedication to build stronger minds and a healthier world. 

uw faculty and staff also enjoy outstanding benefits, professional growth opportunities and unique resources in an environment noted for diversity, intellectual excitement, artistic pursuits and natural beauty. all of which has allowed the uw to be nationally recognized as a “great college to work for” for four consecutive years.  

university advancement creates engagement opportunities that foster pride, advocacy and private support for the university of washington.  


 our college of arts & sciences has an outstanding opportunity for a data reporting analyst.  the data reporting analyst is the data analyst for college of arts & sciences (cas) advancement team and is responsible for the development, management and execution of data practices, reports and systems designed to support cas advancement in particular. working closely with the director of advancement services (cas), the data and reporting analyst designs and implements data management systems and produces reports to support the business needs of cas advancement.  seeking to establish and pursue best practices in data analysis, management and reporting, the data and reporting analyst is considered the expert for all data points relative to college of arts & sciences fundraising.

duties and responsibilities:

reporting management, analysis and programming

design, develop and test complex sql scripts in a mssql environment to deliver accurate outputs for adhoc data requests from the cas advancement staff and affiliates.

troubleshoot, triage and document modifications to current stored procedures and sql scripts to support information management applications.

evaluate and consult on client criteria for data requests and adhoc report requests.

produce daily, monthly, yearly and ad hoc reports from the data warehouse, advance (the alumni-donor database), an established access database and future databases as they are implemented.

develop and implement tools and strategies for data uploads and downloads between external and internal databases with constituent information.

relationship management

develop client relationships with cas advancement and central advancement. educate users on reporting tools and data usage best practices. advise clients on reporting and data management standards. consult with stakeholders to help define functional requirements for major information initiatives. analyze and identify opportunities to expand and improve data processes in support of long-range automated and self-service information needs. identify opportunities to integrate existing suite of tools (tableau, online self-service reporting, michelangelo, advance, data warehouse, access) to better meet information needs.

documentation

document database and extract schema, field definitions, and data mappings across systems. maintain comprehensive data asset inventory, including source and provenance metadata, security and access restrictions, and maintenance and retention requirements.

other duties

ensure cas data are in compliance with requirements governing privacy, information security, annual and campaign reporting, and other related issues; regularly update and audit cas data.

provide consultation and support for data modeling and analytics.

advise and inform user experience development.

key competencies

core

effective communications:  expresses oneself clearly and empathetically in interactions with others in all forms of communication, i.e., verbal and written, one-on-one and group, etc.

interpersonal awareness:  builds and maintains positive relationships and actively contributes as a member of working teams to achieve results.

professional credibility:  takes responsibility for meeting goals, objectives, obligations, and solving problems while representing the mission, vision and values of the organization.

critical thinking:  obtains, analyzes and evaluates information effectively in the face of ambiguity.  makes appropriate decisions based on relevant information and experience.

ethics and trust:  models and upholds the values of candor, openness, inclusiveness and honesty despite internal and external pressures.  acts consistently with washington state ethical guidelines and organizational core values and beliefs.

valuing diversity & inclusiveness:  respects, values and contributes to the uw’s commitment to inclusiveness and diversity.

functional expertise

innovation management:  able to anticipate market trends and be effective in facilitating and managing creative processes to achieve results in self and others.

organizational agility:  knowledgeable of the organization, able to balance reason and the interest of various parties, and act in an appropriate manner that is congruent with the organization’s values, goals and mission to achieve success.

technical agility:  ability to quickly learn and apply new technologies, skills and concepts into existing systems and protocols while continuously seeking improvements.

requirements

bachelor's degree and two years’ of experience in a database reporting environment or related field.  equivalent combination of education and experience from which comparable knowledge and skills have been acquired may substitute for degree.

strong general rdbms experience, advanced sql server skills should include: designing, developing, testing, and supporting mid-to-large scale databases. expertise in maintaining all key database objects: tables, views, triggers, indices, stored procedures, user defined functions, dynamic sql. in-depth knowledge of development, testing, and optimization of t-sql code with tools included in sql

demonstrated strong computer skills, including proficiency with microsoft word, excel, and powerpoint for correspondence, special reports, spreadsheets, databases, forms, etc.

demonstrated creativity, organizational ability, and strong attention to detail.  ability to make decisions in ambiguous situations, exercise good judgment based on information and analysis in a fast pace, dynamic, deadline drive environment in an organized and professional manner. equivalent education/experience will substitute for all minimum qualifications except when there are legal requirements, such as a license/certification/registration.

desired qualifications

experience with dashboard visualization design in tableau or similar business intelligence software.

experience with data modeling and analytics.

experience with taxonomy/ontology structures.

experience with ms access.

experience with report design visualization and wire framing tools.

experience working on multiple projects with competing priorities.

knowledge of alumni relations/development/advancement principles.
conditions of employment: 
appointment to this position is contingent upon obtaining satisfactory results from a criminal background check

application process:
the application process for uw positions may include completion of a variety of online assessments to obtain additional information that will be used in the evaluation process.  these assessments may include work authorization, criminal conviction history, cover letter and/or others. any assessments that you need to complete will appear on your screen as soon as you select “apply to this position”. once you begin an assessment, it must be completed at that time; if you do not complete the assessment you will be prompted to do so the next time you access your “my jobs” page. if you select to take it later, it will appear on your "my jobs" page to take when you are ready. please note that your application will not be reviewed, and you will not be considered for this position until all required assessments have been completed.







 the university of washington is a leader in environmental stewardship & sustainability, and committed to becoming climate neutral.
				


the university of washington is an equal opportunity, affirmative action employer.
				to request disability accommodation in the application process, contact the disability services office at 206-543-6450 / 206-543-6452 (tty) or dso@uw.edu.





apply for this job



























 university of washington be boundless accessibility
jobs
safecampus
privacy
terms
employment verification
workplace posters
 © 2016 university of washington | seattle, wa









