



 trupanion careers - data analyst



























 










                                                     trupanion careers                                            







                data analyst
    
    

                            analytics / business intelligence            
                    seattle,
                            washington
                
                        



        apply
    


description

position summary:the bi department at trupanion is adding data analysts. we need talented data experts who have the ability to creatively come up with data-focused solutions to problems, mine data sources, and communicate the results. successful candidates will be able to work independently, have insatiable curiosity, and share our joint passions of data & pets. key responsibilities include:information expert with ability to understand & translate data into recommended actionsanalyze, reconcile, and provide evaluation of extracted data.analyze and interpret financial monitoring reports.develops ad hoc analyses from start to finish: conceptualization, data gathering, analysis, presentation, and monitoring.fosters effective working relationships with key internal business partners across the organization to create an environment of knowledge sharing.   qualifications:bachelor’s degree in finance, mathematics, statistics, or other quantitative fielddemonstrated advanced math skills: upper tier college courses and/or actuarial exams requiredexperience using advanced microsoft excel, sql, and statistics programsstrong problem-solving skillsattention to detailflexibility to work independently and in a team-based environmenthighly driven and motivated to work in a fast-paced, high-growth environmentstrong understanding of business strategy, preferably with experience in marketing campaign management benefits and perks:quarterly bonus opportunitiesfull medical, dental and vision benefits at no cost to the employee paid time off and paid vacation timerestricted stock unitson-site child care center for employee (limited availability)open, casual, pet-friendly and fun office environmentfree dog walking services during business hoursfree pet health insurance (1 dog or cat)paid time off to volunteer at nonprofit organizationsfree on-site parkingcompany background:trupanion is the industry-leader in medical insurance for cats and dogs, offering policies in the united states, canada, and puerto rico. trupanion’s mission is to help the pets we all love receive the best veterinary care. a career at trupanion means you share our passion to help pets and want to be a part of an organization that makes a difference.the trupanion policy is underwritten by the american pet insurance company (usa) and omega general insurance company (canada), which has earned a financial stability rating of a, exceptional, from demotech, inc. trupanion is a founding member of the north american pet health insurance association (naphia), demonstrating a commitment to high standards and transparency in all actions and products. why trupanion? pet owners in the united states will spend almost $16 billion annually on veterinary care in 2016, yet only approximately 1% of north american pets are insured, compared to 42% in the u.k. and as many as 70% in sweden. trupanion is a trusted industry leader in medical insurance for cats and dogs and creating a shift in the u.s. and canadian markets, having helped thousands of pet owners build predictability into their pet medical cost budgets. if you are looking for passion, energy, and a sense of belonging in a cause-driven business where hard work is the mantra, this may be the right opportunity for you. for more information about trupanion, visit http://trupanion.com/about




        apply
    

        apply later    


            ← back to current openings        




share





linkedin




facebook




twitter




email






similar jobs





                                    {{ job.title }}
                                












powered by jobvite










