

careers | plymouth housing group



























 













careers homeemployment opportunitiesabout usannouncementsfaqshelp



 

employment opportunitiessearch current openingsupdate your profilecreate a job agentupdate job agentrecruiting agency login
  



your user session will timeout in 5 minutes.  please click ok to continue with your application.


















					data analyst and grant coordinator
				


						tracking code
					

						019-852 
					

						job description
					

job summary
the social services data analyst and grant coordinator manages the social services department’s data collection and compliance reporting processes, and related projects. the position is responsible for overseeing the gathering of tenant data, maintaining the tenant database, training managers and line staff in its use, producing reports for funders and plymouth management, and maintaining plymouth compliance with homeless management information system (hmis)/bitfocus/clarity requirements. it also provides support for plymouth policy advocacy, the annual tenant satisfaction survey, and special projects.
 
essential job functions
(responsibilities, accountabilities, and competencies; may not include all duties of this job)
 
manage collection of tenant data and maintain tenant database

oversee and coordinate collection of tenant data to be input into tenant database by staff in all operations departments.
oversee the work of one or more data entry specialists inputting data into tenant database.
maintain user information in tenant database; set up and remove staff as users of the database.
working with the database administrator, develop and produce data quality audit reports for plymouth management.

 
train staff in use of tenant database

develop and maintain print and web-based training materials for managers and line staff in all operations departments.
prepare and deliver group trainings for social services managers and line staff as needed to prepare for new initiatives in use of database.
individually train new social services staff in use of tenant database.

 
maintain plymouth compliance with hmis/bitfocus/clarity requirements

serve as primary user contact for king county’s program.
attend hmis community meetings and webinars to remain current on updated data standards and practices.
serve as plymouth liaison with hmis, providing critical information updates internally and externally.
assist shelter plus care manager with hmis compliance issues for shelter plus care program.
ensure compliance with bitfocus/clarity’s data gathering and inputting/transmitting requirements.

 
produce reports for grant funders and plymouth management

serve as primary contact with social services grant funders regarding required reports.
working with database administrator, produce tenant information portions of required reports from tenant database; review data quality and make corrections; ensure timely delivery to funders in required format.
oversee the inputting of data directly into hud, midd, united way and other web-based reporting databases as required by social services grant funders.
working with database administrator, develop standard and ad hoc management reports from tenant database for internal use.

 
 provide support for tenant satisfaction survey process

working with the operations directors and program/property managers, develop tenant satisfaction survey tool.
oversee data input from collected surveys and generate reports.

 
provide support for ad hoc special projects 

provide support for policy analysis and special projects
analyze raw data and present summary and graphical findings to inform major policy discussions and decisions
participate in plymouth data work group, and other internal and external meetings, to provide expertise and perspective about data quality and findings, data-related processes, and impact of hmis policy on internal operations.

 
general administrative support

create and update standard forms,
develop reports in agency to support staff compliance with data entry and grant requirements
proofread and copy-edit documents,
provide logistical support for meetings and retreats, and
other related duties as assigned.

 
essential job qualifications:
(any equivalent combination of knowledge, skills, abilities, education, and experience)
 
education
associate’s degree in a related field, or any equivalent combination of education and experience; bachelor’s degree preferred.
 
experience

minimum of two years in office environment with similar responsibilities.
demonstrated experience with relational database program; experience with sql desirable.
experience with reporting on grants/contracts, particularly government funding.

 
other qualifications

proficient (intermediate to advanced) and experienced with microsoft office applications; particularly word, excel, and outlook. must be able to work efficiently and effectively with customized databases and technology, and conduct internet research
familiarity or experience with bitfocus/clarity or similar hmis systems desirable.
understanding of the social and community issues that impact homelessness.
ability to communicate effectively in english, including ability to develop and edit documents.
detail oriented; accurate; well organized; productive; able to meet deadlines.
ability to work independently and balance multiple projects.
interest in research and data analysis.
interest in plymouth’s mission.



						job location
					

						seattle, washington, united states
					

						position type
					

						full-time/regular
					

						salary type
					

						hourly
					

						salary
					

						18.85 - 22.89 usd
					





							apply
						











								share
							






















					return to job listings
				








| site map |
© 2017 plymouth housing group. all rights reserved.











