



job application for bi analyst at skykick























          apply now
        
bi analyst

        at skykick
      
(view all jobs)

        seattle, wa
      


about skykick
skykick is a fast-growing pioneer in the cloud market and has won numerous awards from microsoft partner of the year to red herring top 100 north america. our mission is to build saas products that solve the it industry's cloud challenges. our products are 100% partner channel focused and have helped over 5,000 global partners build successful cloud businesses by making it easy to move, backup, and manage their customers in the cloud. we empower leaders company-wide to develop solutions that are changing expectations. we love the new scale opportunities that come with our growth and would love to share this amazing journey with more passionate people!
we are headquartered in seattle, wa and as a 100 best company in washington, we offer a competitive comp and benefits package, along with great perks! skykick is a proud equal opportunity employer. for more information, visit www.skykick.com.
about the role
skykick is currently in search of a self-motivated, agile, and passionate bi analyst to join our team. in this role, you will help guide skykick’s business decisions across the company from product management, sales, and support to engineering. you enjoy solving new meaningful problems, leading projects, and applying your analytics skills to improve processes. you are eager to learn as well as apply what you know. you will have a voice in how the company builds and tracks goals. in this critical role, you will not only impact the success of your team, but also the performance across the entire company.
what you'll be doing:

standardize data collection by developing methods for database design and validation reports
develop and design improvements to various management level dashboards and reports
investigate new bi technologies and applications
engage executive leadership and cross-functional leaders to help identify trends and opportunities.
define metrics to be used, what metrics to track, how they are measured and in what way to collect the data
drive understanding of the business through providing new ways to look at business insights
responsible for some other standard reports that are used and distributed internally within innovation groups’ lines of business
provide application analysis and data modeling design to collect data for centralized data warehouse
extract data from databases and data warehouses for reporting and to facilitate sharing between multiple data systems
collaborate with engineering to improve present and future reporting capabilities

about you

bachelors or advanced degree in business administration, mathematics, engineering, or similar
2+ years of experience performing significant data analysis and report development
2+ years’ experience in a bi analyst or similar
2+ years’ experience with various business departments and operations
experience working with various teams/stakeholders across an organization
strong verbal and written communication skills – ability to communicate at the executive level
proficient in the use of query and reporting analysis tools
intermediate level of knowledge of relational databases, database structures and design, systems design, data management, data warehouse
advanced experience with sql queries








apply for this job

* required
        











(optional)

almost there! review your information then click 'submit application' to apply.



first name *



last name *



email *



phone *




              location (city)
                *




resume/cv *


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 














cover letter


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 

















linkedin profile
    





website
    





how did you first hear about skykick and this role? *







why did you decide to apply to this role at skykick? *







we respect your time and understand this is important. what are your salary expectations? *






will you now or in the future require sponsorship to work in the usa? please specify if applicable. *








u.s. equal opportunity employment information (completion is voluntary)


  individuals seeking employment at skykick are considered without regards
  to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical
  or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation. you are
  being given the opportunity to provide the following information in order to help us
  comply with federal and state equal employment opportunity/affirmative action record
  keeping, reporting, and other legal requirements.


  completion of the form is entirely voluntary. whatever your decision,
  it will not be considered in the hiring process or thereafter. any information that you
  do provide will be recorded and maintained in a confidential file.


gender
please selectmale
female
decline to self identify


are you hispanic/latino?
please selectyes
no
decline to self identify


please identify your race
please selectamerican indian or alaskan native
asian
black or african american
hispanic or latino
white
native hawaiian or other pacific islander
two or more races
decline to self identify


      race & ethnicity definitions


  if you believe you belong to any of the categories of protected veterans listed below,
  please indicate by making the appropriate selection.  as a government contractor
  subject to vietnam era veterans readjustment assistance act (vevraa), we request this
  information in order to measure the effectiveness of the outreach and positive
  recruitment efforts we undertake pursuant to vevraa. classification of protected
  categories is as follows:


  a "disabled veteran" is one of the following: a veteran of the u.s. military, ground,
  naval or air service who is entitled to compensation (or who but for the receipt of
  military retired pay would be entitled to compensation) under laws administered by the
  secretary of veterans affairs; or a person who was discharged or released from active
  duty because of a service-connected disability.


  a "recently separated veteran" means any veteran during the three-year period beginning
  on the date of such veteran's discharge or release from active duty in the u.s.
  military, ground, naval, or air service.


  an "active duty wartime or campaign badge veteran" means a veteran who served on active
  duty in the u.s. military, ground, naval or air service during a war, or in a campaign
  or expedition for which a campaign badge has been authorized under the laws
  administered by the department of defense.


  an "armed forces service medal veteran" means a veteran who, while serving on active
  duty in the u.s. military, ground, naval or air service, participated in a united
  states military operation for which an armed forces service medal was awarded pursuant
  to executive order 12985.


veteran status
please selecti am not a protected veteran
i identify as one or more of the classifications of a protected veteran
i don't wish to answer



form cc-305
omb control number 1250-0005
expires 1/31/2020

voluntary self-identification of disability
why are you being asked to complete this form?

  because we do business with the government, we must reach out to, hire, and provide
  equal opportunity to qualified people with disabilities1.  to help us
  measure how well we are doing, we are asking you to tell us if you have a disability or
  if you ever had a disability.  completing this form is voluntary, but we hope that you
  will choose to fill it out.  if you are applying for a job, any answer you give will be
  kept private and will not be used against you in any way.


  if you already work for us, your answer will not be used against you in any way.
  because a person may become disabled at any time, we are required to ask all of our
  employees to update their information every five years.  you may voluntarily
  self-identify as having a disability on this form without fear of any punishment
  because you did not identify as having a disability earlier.

how do i know if i have a disability?

  you are considered to have a disability if you have a physical or mental impairment or
  medical condition that substantially limits a major life activity, or if you have a
  history or record of such an impairment or medical condition.

disabilities include, but are not limited to:

blindness
deafness
cancer
diabetes
epilepsy
autism
cerebral palsy
hiv/aids
schizophrenia
muscular dystrophy
bipolar disorder
major depression
multiple sclerosis (ms)
missing limbs or partially missing limbs
post-traumatic stress disorder (ptsd)
obsessive compulsive disorder
impairments requiring the use of a wheelchair
intellectual disability (previously called mental retardation)


disability status
please selectyes, i have a disability (or previously had a disability)
no, i don't have a disability
i don't wish to answer

reasonable accommodation notice

  federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified
  individuals with disabilities. please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation
  to apply for a job or to perform your job.  examples of reasonable accommodation
  include making a change to the application process or work procedures, providing
  documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using
  specialized equipment.


1section 503 of the rehabilitation act of 1973, as amended.  for more
  information about this form or the equal employment obligations of federal contractors,
  visit the u.s. department of labor's office of federal contract compliance programs
  (ofccp) website at www.dol.gov/ofccp.


  public burden statement:  according to the paperwork reduction act of 1995 no persons
  are required to respond to a collection of information unless such collection displays
  a valid omb control number. this survey should take about 5 minutes to complete.








 



share this job:    













powered by 

 
      read our privacy policy
















