

















microsoft careers: my job details






skip to main content





































                this site uses cookies for analytics, personalized content and ads. by continuing to browse this site, you agree to this use.
            learn more















 microsoft careers
















sign in


















account central

apply history

help center

job alerts

job watch list

recommended jobs

resumes


















welcome!









if you have an existing microsoft careers account, sign in below. if you are new to the site, create a microsoft careers account by clicking on one of the following:













microsoft


linkedin


google


facebook




cancel










working at microsoft 


benefits and perks


businesses and teams


mission and culture


office locations




students and graduates 


apply


events and webinars


find your recruiter


international opportunities


programs




find a job 


students and graduates


industry professionals




things to do 


create a careers account


explore recommended jobs


locate events and webinars


find your recruiter


review interview tips





working at linkedin
































 data scientist









are you passionate about windows 10?  &nbsp do you want to help build the set of experiences that light up key experiences for hundreds of millions of customers? together we will make an impact on real people, helping them connect the physical world to the digital world in their own creative way while getting the most out of productive, artistic and fun devices. we enjoy collaboration and helping each other succeed. we believe in being curious and continuing to learn. we aspire to create without fear and to lead by doing. if you get excited when using your data scientist skills to find and solve big problems or you interested in driving data-based decisions to pursue strategic challenges, this job might be for you.we are looking for a data scientist with shown capability of using data to tackle high impact business problems. in this role you will help shape and strengthen our team’s technical and business strategy. you will have the opportunity to experiment with data and push the boundaries of how much value we can create for our customers. if you love data, if you love to work on projects where you can define the work, scope, direction and architect new solutions to make an impact on a large product, if you want to take on some exciting challenges and if you think you have the skills for it this could be a perfect position for you.our team develops the universal application which people use across different devices. we are a collaborative team and looking for an enthusiastic, creative and experienced engineer with data skills, analytics determination to join us. you will be working to figure out how to apply data science to improve user experiences with our innovative products. you're looking to make significant contributions to the early stages of a project with huge growth potential.key responsibilities include:• &nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp analyze data and study the system to provide relevant insights on the product quality.• &nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp design and engineer experiments on end to end scenarios.• &nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp build predictive models and conduct experiments to gain insights into quality, health of the product and customer usage.• &nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp cross-collaborate with engineers on building statistical models, applying machine learning techniques for targeted solutions and effectively communicating the analysis and findings through interactive visualizations, documents and presentations.• &nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp strong interpersonal, oral and written communication and presentation skills, ability to communicate complex findings in a simple manner.• &nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp enjoy discovering and solving problems; being a self-starter who takes responsibility when required.• &nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp ability to explore different directions based on data and be able to quickly change direction based on the analysis.basic qualifications:• &nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp 3 years’ experience with statistical models  &nbsp or machine learning methods.• &nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp experience on large scale computing systems like cosmos or hadoop or mapreduce • &nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp bachelor’s degreepreferred qualifications:• &nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp msc or phd in a field like computer science, mathematics, statistics, machine learning, operations research, data mining, or ai• &nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp experience with windows platform development in c++ and c# is a big plus• &nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp strong skills in sql, r, python, sas and related tools for large scale analysis. • &nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp strong hands-on experience in machine learning.• &nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp deep familiarity with statistical models & and machine learning methods.• &nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp excellent communications & interpersonal skills. ability to convince other strong personalities of their ideas and communicate complicated analysis & insights to non-technical audience• &nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp bsc+ degrees in computer science, statistics, or related fieldsmicrosoft is an equal opportunity employer. you will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, religion, national origin or ancestry, age, disability, marital status, pregnancy, protected veteran status, protected genetic information, political affiliation, or any other characteristics protected by local laws, regulations, or ordinances.wdg.wex









job #






326083
1079218







locations





united states, redmond (wa)






job families





development (engineering)






teams





windows and devices group










empower your future.








































apply
when you complete this final step in the application process, your resume will be sent to staffing and you will get an email confirmation of submission. you may be contacted directly be a recuiter if there is a match. 


select resume
the resume you have selected will be used for the below job openings.




edit this resume

create new resume













the resume noted above will be used for applying to the position(s) listed in the table. please make sure that these are the openings you are interested in.
are you ready to proceed with submitting your resume for the above position(s)?





affirmative action information


microsoft is committed to a diverse work environment and this commitment is demonstrated, in part, through its affirmative action program. to assist us in meeting this commitment, we encourage you to complete the below information for our records. this information is solicited from all individuals applying for u.s. - based positions with microsoft, as required by u.s. law. completion of this section is strictly voluntary. declining to provide this information will not result in any adverse treatment of your application for employment. the ethnicity/race categories listed below are defined by the u.s. equal employment opportunity commission.





gender

malefemaledecline to state



race/ethnicity
view definitions
close definitions









what prompted you to apply to microsoft?






























































        to confirm that you are a person and not an automated program, please enter all the characters you see in the image. you can avoid this by signing in.
        


				
            notes:your computer must be able to play audio in wav format. the audio file is intentionally distorted to prevent automated programs from reading it. if the file plays in another program, remember the numbers, return to this page, and then type them in the field.
        
			









play audio































            update contact information?

some of the contact information you just provided is different from what we have in your existing microsoft careers account. do you want us to update your account with the latest information?











            great! updates to your account have been saved.









you need a resume to apply


to apply for this job, you must to submit a resume. 


if you already have a saved resume,
sign in













            the selected job(s) were added to your job watch list
        













feedback





x












get started


explore recommended jobs


search jobs


manage job alerts


manage resumes




life at microsoft


diversity


jobsblog


news center


stories


the fire hose


women at microsoft




tips and tools


apply history


frequently asked questions


help center


interview tips


job watch list




connect with us





































legal
privacy
contact us
©2017 microsoft





















