





building analyst - philadelphia, pa - allied energy efficiency experts jobs









 














home
jobs




building analyst - philadelphia, pa

toggle navigation








building analyst 

jobslogin 











 01-dec-2017 to 30-jan-2018 (pst) building analyst philadelphia, pa, usa $70,000 - $150,000 full time 

 health, vision, dental insurance, supplemental options, 401k, life insurance, company vehicle, laptop, on the job training


email me similar jobs email me this job



building analyst
are you looking for a career with a cause? we are looking for a dedicated individual to join our dynamic team working in neighborhoods, performing detailed home assessments and presenting opportunities available through the home performance program. we will provide extensive on the job training. this is a straight commission position. we will provide base pay during the training period until your commission exceeds your training pay. the pay range is anywhere from $70,000 to $150,000 annually depending on performance. this is a full-time position on a rotating schedule monday through saturday 9am-9pm. if you have a growth mindset and desire to help people, then you will be a great fit for our team as a building analyst. we are looking for loyal team members that want to build a great career and grow within our organization.about allied energy efficiency experts
many new jersey homeowners have no idea how comfortable their homes could be. drafts, moisture and humidity issues, uneven temperatures, and cold floors make homes less inviting. allied energy efficiency experts is dedicated to providing building performance solutions that solve these comfort issues while also lowering utility bills and improving indoor air quality. we make a lasting difference in comfort that spans decades. allied views our client's home as a system with interacting components. when one fails, comfort, energy efficiency, home durability, and indoor air quality can all suffer. we're different. by taking a whole-house approach, allied energy efficiency experts helps homeowners find the most cost-effective solutions. our top to bottom energy assessment examines how our client's home is performing, helping them to prioritize home improvements with a suite of energy-saving solutions.benefits for the building analyst position
at allied, we are committed to the development and advancement of all of our employees. we are happy to offer our building analyst high earning potential with a generous commission based pay structure. we offer health, vision and dental insurance as well as supplemental options, 401k, and a life insurance policy. we will provide you with a company vehicle, laptop and comprehensive on the job training that will set you up for continued success.a day in the life of a building analyst

represent allied energy efficiency experts while displaying courtesy, professionalism, and discretion as our home performance expert
meet with potential clients during pre-scheduled appointments to perform a detailed evaluation of their home and equipment
gather detailed and accurate data while educating homeowners on home performance and how it will benefit them.
utilize expertise to guide homeowners through the decision-making process as they select the best option for their home.
schedule in accordance with company procedures.
document status updates and interactions with all homeowners.

what you need to be qualified for the building analyst position

availability to work a schedule that includes evenings and weekends
exceptional customer service and self-motivation skills
a committed work ethic, a competitive spirit and a strong ability for direct and effective communication
familiar with electronic devices such as computers, tablets and cell phones
high school diploma or equivalent required with a basic understanding of math and science principles
basic knowledge of construction concepts or building science and energy efficiency fundamentals
valid driver's license and ability to meet standard insurance safe driving requirements
ability to stand, kneel and bend for extended periods of time, climb ladders and enter crawl spaces and attics
ability to lift and carry up to 50lbs
1-3 years experience performing energy assessments preferred but not required

we understand your time is valuable and that is why we have a very quick and easy application process. if you feel that you meet the qualifications and have the desire to work with the best in the business, please fill out our 3-minute mobile-friendly application so that we can review your information. we look forward to meeting you!

allied energy efficiency experts
https://alliedenergyexperts.applicantlist.com






apply now
with our quick 3 minute application!



you have javascript disabled on your browser. you will not be able to apply for this position without enabling javascript. if you need assistance with enabling javascript, please click here for assistance.





 

* fields are required




what is your full name?




first name



last name





how can we contact you?


email





phone number



number type

home
cell
work







apply for this position
apply for this position







sign up for job alerts!








share this page















 


 


hiring software maintained by applicantpro - © 2017



refresh




 
 
 
 







go
common questions





























