
job board | partner's consulting




































return to job search










                              job title:



                              business operations analyst
                              





                              state/area:


pennsylvania




regional area


                              philadelphia metro area




primary background







secondary background








                              job number:


jn -122017-2414







title: business operations analystlocation: philadelphia, patype: contract partner’s consulting recruits for positions that allow our consultants to make a positive impact and opportunity for growth at exciting, high-level organizations.  our consultants enjoy flexibility, competitive pay, and the ability to be part of an awesome, award-winning company with a progressive work culture. descriptionour client is seeking a business operations analyst to assist in managing $70m+ budgets for the reliability engineering operations team.  you will manage relationships with various stakeholders and communicate data analysis to high-level individuals within the organization. key accountabilities:
creates executive-level reports using excel and powerpoint. meets with individual managers to understand and support their resource requirements from a finance and operations perspective.assists in creating granular forecasts for month over month and year over year spend.works closely with vendor management, finance and hr departments to answer questions and provide visibility into ongoing team operations.provides financial analysis support to department managers. creates monthly governance statistics for vendors.plans business reviews with strategic vendors.acts in a teaching capacity to managers and senior managers.bridges gap between technical and non-technical stakeholders.updates existing reports and provides documentation.
 required skills:
bachelor's degree in computer science, information systems, business administration or related field. typically has 3 - 5 years of relevant technical or business work experience.prior experience within the telecommunications/ cable industry a plus.expertise with excel is a must; able to create visualizations (bar charts, line charts, etc.) and use excel to provide budgeting and forecasting modeling.proficiency with using excel and powerpoint to tell a story.experience with project management and stakeholder management.excellent communication skills.a quick learner with an analytical mindset, curiosity and attention to detail.a passion for technology and interest in learning more.previous consulting experience is great to have.data analysis experience is a plus (tableau, sql, etc.)
  prt123 partner's consulting is a reputable, nationally certified women owned business enterprise information technology consulting and recruiting firm based in the philadelphia area.  we have built personal relationships with our clients over the years, and work directly with hiring managers on all our open positions.  our core values are focused on the highest level of professional dedication to our client's requirements coupled with our desire to partner for joint success. if you have any questions or concerns about the posting above, please contact us at recruiter@partners-consulting.com. 38126-1 
                                    













© partner's consulting. all rights reserved.


