


















morgan, lewis & bockius - job details


























integrity, excellence, teamwork, service > searching for staff positions > apply to morgan lewis > careers :  morgan, lewis & bockius - an international law firm











  




 integrity, excellence, teamwork, and service 


 



    ?

homesearch  openingssearch  resultscurrent pagejob  details   

job details job 1 of 1   apply to job   save to cart       auto req id  1230br   posting title  data analyst   job location  firm - philadelphia   employment type  full time   job description  morgan, lewis & bockius llp, one of the world’s leading global law firms with almost 4000 lawyers and staff in 30 offices is seeking a data scientist reporting to the senior director of information security & compliance, the data scientist works with the data scientist team lead to assist with data modeling and analysis through the use of statistical, algorithmic, mining and visualization techniques. the data scientist assists in the protection of information assets from unauthorized or inappropriate access, use or disclosure, as well as business disruptions through network behavior and user behavior analytics. in addition, the data scientist contributes to investigations by performing technical analysis of log data.   primary functions and responsibilities  responsibilityinformation governance• importing, cleaning, transforming, validating and/or modeling data with the purpose of understanding or making conclusions from the data for decision making purposes• interpreting data, analyzing results using statistical techniques and providing ongoing reports• producing analysis on datum using sql, excel, access, hadoop, python, splunk, apache spark and other big data analytical tools• creating graphical representation of data and reports• generating questions and identify inadequacies based on supplied data sets• identifying, analyzing, and interpreting trends or patterns in complex data setsinformation security• mining data to draw conclusions on a regular basis• processing, cleansing, and verifying the integrity of data used for analysis.• evaluating and remediating security event monitoring• abiding by and enhancing security practices within technology. contributes to the compliance programs such as soc 2, hitrust, iso 27001, hipaa etc.• monitoring processes to ensure compliance with security policies and client contractual requirements• analyzing data and assessing the operation and administration effectiveness of monitoring and security tools• other duties as assigned.supervisory responsibilities• this job has no supervisory responsibilities.education, experience and expertisethis job requires:• a bachelor’s degree (b.a) from a four-year college or university (preferably in computer science, information systems, computer engineering, or related field), and,• minimum 2 years of it data analysis and / or information security-related experience,or, equivalent combination of education and experience. other qualifications and requirementsto perform the job successfully, an individual must demonstrate the following knowledge skills and abilities: • technical skills• written communication skills• verbal communications skills• customer services skills• interpersonal skills• self-starter• project management skills• teamwork• planning/organizational skills• problem solving skills• ability to adapt to change and balance competing demands• ability to collect data, establish facts, and draw conclusions• ability to read and interpret general business documents, instructions and manuals, write routine business correspondence, and speak effectively with employees, clients, and vendors.• advanced arithmetic skills (compute rate, ratio, percent; able to draw and interpret graphs and charts) computer skills to perform this job successfully, an individual must be proficient in the following software: • microsoft excel, word, powerpoint, project & visio applications• microsoft sql server, sql, excel, access (required) hadoop python, splunk, apache spark  (preferred but not required)• a conceptual understanding of the operation of microsoft operating system, active directory, cisco technologies, computer operations and network design topology• experience with sharepoint is a plus• experience with splunk is preferredcertificates, licenses, registrations  required: none physical demands:  • while performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to sit and may occasionally be required to move about. • the employee is also regularly required to use a computer, involving substantial movements of the wrists, hands and fingers.  the employee is also required to regularly communicate with others. • specific vision abilities required by this job include: close vision and ability to adjust focus.  work environment• the noise level in the work environment is usually moderate.• this job requires occasional interoffice travel. • this job may require some late evening and weekend hours.  qualified candidates must apply online by visiting our website at www.morganlewis.com and selecting “careers.”  morgan lewis is an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.    apply to job   save to cart     


         copyright © 2016 by morgan, lewis & bockius llp. all rights reserved.     


