







operations analyst - philadelphia pa 19104

















skip navigation        












skip to main content
skip to navigation
penn medicine

expand search
menu

800-789-penn






access mypennmedicine
800-789-penn






close




mypennmedicine
						

800-789-penn
						



home










why penn?




locations




departments & centers




mypennmedicine














 















navigation	    		                            	






search        



      
my account        


           
                    saved jobs (0)
                



sign in                    












job details all job opportunities                











operations analyst
 








job id:


69773
 


job category:


quality/performance improvement
 


specialty area:


quality/performance improvement
 


primary shift:


day
 


work schedule:


m-f
 


penn medicine entity:


clinical practices of the university of pennsylvania
 






location:


philadelphia, pa
 


address:


1500 market street
 


education required:


bachelors degree
 


experience required:


1 - 3 years
 


employment type:


full-time regular
 











send this job to a friend


save

save


 apply with linkedin


apply now











penn medicine is dedicated to our tripartite mission of providing the highest level of care to patients, conducting innovative research, and educating future leaders in the field of medicine. working for this leading academic medical center means collaboration with top clinical, technical and business professionals across all disciplines. today at penn medicine, someone will make a breakthrough. someone will heal a heart, deliver hopeful news, and give comfort and reassurance. our employees shape our future each day. are you living your life's work?
 



position description:

summary of accountabilities:• will provide data and analytic support and be the go to data resource for the penn medicine access center. will have full understanding of the multiple data marts the center and team relies on to accomplish their analytical tasks. be able to translate the business need into data questions and build queries, dashboards and reports.• tasked with providing actionable business intelligence to our customers in the form of business objects/universe, hyperion, epic, avaya, verint and other types of reports that help to leverage the capacity of our robust data warehouse to provide advice and guidance on meeting institutional and departmental goals and objectives. the team works closely with strategic decision support, data analytics, information services, and the organizational development teams on various projects supporting both financial and operational improvement objectives.• strong analytical and computing skills to resolve complex technical and administrative problems. able to develop and maintain records, reports and provide decision support to senior leadership. • strong organization skills are required.• strong oral and written communication skills and presentation skills necessary to interact diplomatically with diverse groups of people, exchange information and produce written correspondence• bachelor’s degree in business, health care, or equivalent field is required.  master’s degree in business, health administration, public health, or equivalent is preferred.
 



minimum requirements:

minimum degree requirements and experience required:bachelors in business or related field with demonstrated skills in project management; excellent interpersonal, negotiation and persuasion skills; verbal and written communication skills-including presentation skills; ability to analyze data and present concise recommendations/business plans.  skill requirements:experience working with healthcare operational data.the candidate must possess good verbal and written communication skills.if not certified, the candidate will need to undergo training in the epic clarity data module (as assigned) and be certified within 6 months of starting work.project management skills are essential.he/she must have good understanding of reporting tools such as sap business objects, sql server reporting services or other similar reporting packages. exposure to data visualization software such as tableau, qlik are preferable.
 



additional information:

 


we believe that the best care for our patients starts with the best care for our employees. our employee benefits programs help our employees get healthy and stay healthy. we offer a comprehensive compensation and benefits program that includes one of the finest prepaid tuition assistance programs in the region. penn medicine employees are actively engaged and committed to our mission. together we will continue to make medical advances that help people live longer, healthier lives.  penn medicinehttp://www.pennmedicine.org/careers/live your life's workeoe/aa, minority/female/disabled/veteran
 



we are an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer.  candidates are considered for employment without regard to race, ethnicity, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, religion, national origin, ancestry, age, disability, marital status, familial status, genetic information, domestic or sexual violence victim status, citizenship status, military status, status as a protected veteran or any other status protected by applicable law.                


























navigation	    		                            	






search        



      
my account        


           
                    saved jobs (0)
                



sign in                    


















jobdetails





please utilize the tabs buttons and links on this page to navigate between web pages. utilizing your web browser's back and forward arrows can create performance issues. 






careers
newsroom
refer your patient
contact us
privacy statement
legal disclaimer
employee resources



					penn medicine, philadelphia, pa
					800-789-7366
					© 2015, the trustees of the university of pennsylvania
				


follow us
facebook
linkedin
twitter
youtube







































 

