






























back to open opportunities

 returning applicant?  login now

notice: applicants must be currently authorized to work in the country where this job is located on a full time basis. usli and devon park will not sponsor applicants' work visas. 



data and reporting analyst



location:wayne, pa

team:actuarial

job type:actuary & underwriting claims audit

ft/pt status:full time

  



job description

essential functions: prepare and submit timely and accurate data reports to bureaus and vendors to satisfy external reporting requirements in the u.s. and canada.  work with leader to research applicability of new or updated reporting requirements.  develop and implement appropriate reporting processes.  interact frequently with statistical agencies and state bureaus to clarify instructions and understand changes. examine reports for errors and apply corrections as needed. maintain thorough and accurate process documentation.  work across teams to promote consistency in responses to external reporting requirements and help create a consistent and centralized approach.  provide accurate responses to internal ad-hoc data requests.  develop and implement reports and monitors to help teammates analyze product health and help answer business questions.  evaluate data integrity on an ongoing basis.  participate in cross team data management initiative to help improve the quality of company reporting.  help document business workflows with data impact and understand business reporting requirements.  assist with creation of data models and validation methods.  create and maintain appropriate documentation.  provide community training as needed.  participate in information-gathering phase of project lifecycle.  advise regarding data and reporting needs.  enter coding rules to promote validity and accuracy of accounting data.  identify and work toward resolution of data quality issues.  design technical testing plans in response to proposed system changes.  when a data need is identified, identify stakeholders and communicate findings; work with information technology team to determine, prioritize, and implement an appropriate solution.   design and conduct technical audits to proactively monitor data integrity.  identify and address root causes of poor data quality.  serve as a company resource for data-related questions and concerns.  
other duties and responsibilities: assist with reinsurance coding and support sql business reporting function as needed.  pursue self-study opportunities to promote personal and professional development.  pursue knowledge of the products in usli’s book, enhance knowledge of insurance concepts and coverages, and participate in training opportunities to enhance technical knowledge of databases and querying.  other duties as assigned.
specific skills: ability to prioritize a large workload in a deadline-driven job.  strong t-sql skills.  ability to balance technical skills and a business mindset.  strong critical thinking and communication skills.  self-motivated and able to work independently.  high thoroughness and strong attention to detail.  self-starter with initiative.  strong troubleshooting skills.  efficient at multi-tasking.  service-oriented mindset.  
minimum job requirements: bachelor’s degree or equivalent experience.  at least one year of experience working with databases or reporting systems preferred.  experience in data modeling, report compilation, or data analysis.  insurance industry experience preferred.  experience with t-sql and sharepoint preferred.  

  












 



