


careers — leaf commercial capital, inc. -jr. data analyst co-op
















































please enable cookies to continue
please enable cookies in your browser to experience all the personalized features of this site, including the ability to apply for a job.





returning candidate?

log back in!





jr. data analyst co-op



jr. data analyst co-op




job id 

2017-1051




# of openings 
1





job locations 

us-pa-philadelphia




posted date 
11/7/2017





category 

accounting/finance









more information about this job




overview







leaf…transforming the financing marketplacecome grow with leaf!leaf commercial capital, inc. is one of the most-widely respected, award winning, technology oriented commercial leasing and finance companies in the country. leaf is a subsidiary of people’s united bank, n.a. (a top 50 u.s. bank). we are headquartered in center city philadelphia, with offices in missouri and southern california. leaf is ranked in the top 100 workplaces for 2017 and was recognized as one of the fastest growing companies in the greater philadelphia area.







responsibilities







we are currently seeking a bright, highly motivated jr. data analyst to join our finance team in our philadelphia, pa office.  the jr. data analyst provides support to the reporting department within the financial planning and analysis department.  primary responsibilities • daily reporting responsibilities to various departments through the company • prepares analytical reports primarily using excel to interpret the data and make specific recommendations relative to it, in accordance with the needs of various department heads throughout the company • support creation of tableau visual reporting dashboards • update pre existing macros used to support reporting effort with ever changing business needs







qualifications







• working toward bachelor’s degree in business/data analytics. technical/functional skills and knowledge: • advanced microsoft excel skills, capable of building detail analytical spreadsheets • excellent communications skills combined with the ability to present findings to diverse audiences • critical thinking ability that enables the analyst to interpret random and diverse data points, draw conclusions from it, and then to formulate specific recommendations from it • sql coding a plus additional information visit www.leafnow.com to discover how being a part of leaf will aid in building a rewarding career bringing you the professional and personal satisfaction that we all seek. you can also visit our blog at www.leafcommercialcapital.com. be sure to connect with us through our social media presence on: linkedin     facebook     twitter     leafnow all your information will be kept confidential according to eeo guidelines.equipment leasing and financing experience 





options

apply for this job onlineapplyshareemail this job to a friendrefer



share on your newsfeed






go back to the welcome page

application faqssoftware powered by icimswww.icims.com









