





careers at electrosoft services, inc.














menucareers homecurrent openings 


careers at electrosoft services, inc.
current job opportunities are posted here as they become available.
use the search filters to find jobs opportunities near you.
 

business analyst

 department:
electrosoft
 location:
 philadelphia, pa


business analyst
top level technical contributor with expertise in information technology cradle to grave processes related to dod applications and infrastructure.  responsible for documenting existing operations and practices; analyzing those operations and practices against documented best practices and developing a plan of actions and milestones to evolve to the best practices. acts as a member of a team responsible for providing technical guidance concerning the business implications of the application of various systems.
the candidate shall analyze data and data models for current and proposed systems and evaluate the completeness and fidelity of these data for their intended use, and support the development and review of all application logical and physical data models to ensure compliance with the standardized data environment.  the candidate shall provide recommendations to application teams regarding availability of data elements and provide assistance in the development of new standardized or unique data elements, and support a robust data quality and data management program.  
the candidate shall deliver agendas, handouts, presentations, supporting files, minutes, and other documentation related to interactive workshops or similar working meetings conducted for the purpose of evaluating current processes.  the candidate will report ongoing program analysis and requirements determination efforts and update documentation in the requirements repository to reflect the current status.
minimum education:

bs/ba degree required

minimum experience:

seven (7) years relevant experience

required skills:

must have experience working with the department of defense (dod)
effective communication skills are required
must be familiar with microsoft team foundation server (tfs)
must be familiar with c#, asp.net, sql, oracle databases 

 
clearance required: public trust, it-iii or have a current national agency check with written inquiries (naci).  
 
electrosoft services, inc. is a privately held, information technology (it) professional services company with a special focus on it security, identity management and information assurance, serving the federal government since 2001.

start your application


© 2017 electrosoft services, inc. 

applicant tracking system powered by 

 













