



keen360, inc. - jobs: pharmaceutical data analyst - apply online

























all jobs
→
pharmaceutical data analyst

pharmaceutical data analyst
horsham, pennsylvania, united states

descriptionour pharmaceutical client has engaged us to provide a data analyst contractor to support operational data analysis and support.the ideal candidate: provides support to the organization in regards to the processing and validation of various pharmaceutical data sources like ims prescription data (ddd, xponent) utilized by field and home office personnel. responsible for the accurate integration of supplemental data sources, validation, and system monitoring. provides integration support as it relates to the company's data warehouse, including product performance metrics, managed care information, customer profile information for use in incentive payouts, targeting, segmentation, and field reporting. follows standard operation procedures (sop's) to assure quality assurance and timely delivery of information. responsible to initiate ad-hoc analysis to verify the accuracy of sales results when necessary. partners with it to develop necessary data integration processes that assure consistent and accurate tracking and reporting of sales metrics. provides sales data and any relative insights to internal partners. partners closely with information technology and various vendors to ensure flawless implementation and execution of various business rules, processing procedures, and validation processes. work with data providers to capture and integrate sales data for use in internal deliverables such as field reporting, incentive compensation, analysis, and targeting. investigates and resolves data questions/inquiries from the field and internal partners. creates solutions to data issues in a timely manner. monitor and execute needed weekly quality control checks for accurate and timely processing of data warehouse updates. validates information to ensure it conforms to specification and within defined thresholds. communicates with sales management on data status, creation, and distribution of sales reports to field sales and in-house partners. work with data suppliers to assure compliance in the timing, accuracy, and format of data received. requirements must have extensive experience with ims sales data packages and the pharmaceutical sales process project management is a key factor; the candidate must feel comfortable working with people. must be organized and have the ability to present themselves to others competent in ms excel, powerpoint and access and familiar with data warehouse environments. knowledge of data training methodologies preferred. candidates must have the ability to manage multiple priorities successfully and work independently while demonstrating initiative and strong analytical skills. experience with sas and sql and adept at manipulating and analyzing data through access and excel individual must work well in a dynamic environment and be able to recommend and implement process improvements and handle multiple projects simultaneously. excellent written and communication skills and demonstrated leadership experience is required. experience with system integrations/change managementbenefitscompany description: keen360 is a management consulting firm that specializes in advising organizations to design business strategies, develop operational efficiencies and deliver innovative solutions to achieve measurable results. our projects range from pure design and development topics to more transverse transformation involving multiple business lines or regions.

apply for this job











keen360, inc. website

powered by
workable





