



job application for data analyst at enova international
























          apply now
        
data analyst

        at enova international
      
(view all jobs)

        chicago 
      


data services team overview:
the data services team effectively and sustainably provides data solutions and tools across the organization. we integrate, transform, and improve volumes of data at the project or enterprise level for streamlined processes, greater efficiencies, and smarter, more informed decision-making. this team is high-energy, dynamic and in a business-critical domain space.
your core priorities will be to:

support the data needs of strategy, product, compliance, operations and analytics teams
develop data warehouses as needed to facilitate analysis and reporting
develop and implement complex extract transform load (etl) processes
act diligently to respond to urgent projects and tasks
troubleshoot discrepancies in existing databases and reporting
collaborate with peers, leadership and the business
perform other functions as may be assigned by management to support the operation of the business

what you should have:

a bachelor's degree or equivalent experience, required
1-5 years of previous experience as a sql developer or data analyst
strong technical knowledge of sql and data analysis
a self-motivated approach, to gain information and understanding, willing to ask questions and build networks/relationships with other departments
independently support teams around the globe
the ability to identify non-obvious solutions to complex problems
a history of validated requirements gathering and long- term solution development experience
previously conducted validation of existing reporting and new solutions
worked effectively in short-cycle, team oriented environment, leading multiple priorities and tasks
experience with sql, postgresql, jenkins, git, pentaho, python, javascript, bash/linux, aws data tools
ability to work off-hours as needed

about enova:
enova is a leading provider of online financial services that leverages its advanced technology and analytics to provide access to credit for non-prime consumers and small businesses. our roots are in chicago, but we have served nearly 5 million customers through our six businesses in the u.s. and abroad. we pride ourselves on hiring smart and driven people who bring new and innovative ideas to the table. our philosophy is, "life’s short. work some place awesome."
many of us consider our people to be enova’s best perk. but to sweeten the deal, we also have a pretty awesome list of conventional (and less conventional) perks and benefits including competitive salaries, health care benefits, a 401k matching plan, a revamped parental leave program (and brand new nursing rooms for our returning mothers!) summer hours, tuition reimbursement and a sabbatical program.  and of course we also have the things you’d expect at a leading tech company in chicago, such as the snacks, game room, onsite massages/barbers/nail technicians, monthly social events, and sporting sponsorships. 
our goal at enova is to recruit, hire, develop and maintain a diverse workforce. it is our policy to provide equal employment opportunity for all persons and not discriminate in employment decisions by placing the most qualified person in each job, without regard to any other classification protected by federal, state, or local law.
 







apply for this job

* required
        







first name *



last name *



email *



phone *




              location (city)
                *




resume/cv *


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 














cover letter


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 

















linkedin profile
    





website
    





how did you hear about this job? *



please selectagency
built in chicago
campus career site
campus event
campus career fair
careerbuilder
conference
facebook
glassdoor
indeed
linkedin
meetup
other
twitter








 



share this job:    













powered by 

 
      read our privacy policy
















