

statistical analyst - iri - chicago il














menu

back
 



apply





job title
statistical analyst

job location
chicago, il

job type
full-time regular

position id
2017-414

job description
what will i do as a statistical analyst?
the iri analytics research & development group is responsible for defining, understanding and maintaining all of iri’s algorithms and methodologies. these algorithms and methodologies form the core of iri’s intellectual capital.

what are the responsibilities of a statistical analyst?- an analyst will support the maintenance and improvement of iri’s methodologies and algorithms. responsibilities include but are not limited to:- develop and execute research plans to create and enhance iri methodologies- build sas prototypes to validate methodology enhancements- write technical requirements and support implementation and testing of new and improved methodologies and products- investigate and resolve client production data issues- provide accurate data analysis and methodology support to internal teams and client service.- write, validate and run mainframe and unix sas programs to support data investigation and analysis- work with other internal groups and off shore resources to execute project tasks.

what are the qualifications?- b.s. or m.s. in statistics, mathematics, operations research or a related field with 0-3 years of relevant experience- proficiency using a 4gl (e.g. sas) programming language to access and manipulate data.- basic knowledge of sas (sas base certification a plus) and r- positive, team player with the ability to problem-solve independently- excellent written and oral communication skills.- expertise in analyzing data from varied sources to find root cause and resolve issues.

about usas one of the original innovators in big data, iri integrates the world’s largest set of otherwise disconnected purchase, media, social, causal and loyalty data to help cpg, retail, over-the-counter health care and media companies grow their businesses. we combine this data with predictive analytics to uncover new consumer insights and integrate them on the most technologically-advanced, cloud-based visualization platform. learn more about us here and on youtube.
our benefitswe offer a comprehensive benefit package (health, paid time off, 401(k), etc.) with additional unconventional offerings such as volunteer time off, flexible work arrangements, virtual doctor access, etc., along with the unrivaled benefit of working with our people - the best in the business.
our culturewe’re thrilled we get to work on the most interesting business challenges facing the cpg and retail industries. we regularly uncover new “aha moments!” by closely collaborating with our colleagues and developing competencies centered around the following values: collaboration, personal development, executional excellence, client growth, innovation and creativity.
iri is an equal opportunity employer. we evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, veteran status, and other legally protected characteristics. the eeo is the law poster is available here: dol poster. iri is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodations to individuals with disabilities. if you need a reasonable accommodation because of a disability for any part of the employment process, please send an e-mail to talent.acquisition@iriworldwide.com and let us know the nature of your request and your contact information.
#li-dnp


apply








