

uchicago jobs - applicant site : posting details




















skip to main content













home


search postings


create profile


login







                    uchicago

        




                    student employment

        




                    benefits

        




                    compensation

        




                    our setting

        




                    our employees

        




                    frequently asked questions

        




                    applicant definition

        




                    affirmative action/equal opportunity employer

        




                    job opportunities at the university of chicago medical center

        





posting details


return to search results



printer-friendly version











*the standard summary is designed to indicate the general nature and level of work performed by employees within this classification. it is not designed to contain or be interpreted as a comprehensive inventory of all duties and responsibilities required of employees assigned to this job.note: after applying for this position you will receive a confirmation number. if you do not see the confirmation number, you have not completed applying for the position.the university of chicago is an affirmative action/equal opportunity/disabled/veterans employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national or ethnic origin, age, status as an individual with a disability, protected veteran status, genetic information, or other protected classes under the law. for additional information please see the university's notice of nondiscrimination.   staff job seekers in need of a reasonable accommodation to complete the application process should submit a request via the  applicant   inquiry form  or call 773-702-5800.   the university of chicago's annual security & fire safety report provides information about university resources, statistics and policies, including: offices and programs that provide safety support; crime and fire statistics; emergency response and communications plans; and other policies and information. the report can be accessed online at: http://commonsense.uchicago.edu/. paper copies of the report are available, upon request, from the university of chicago, human resources, 773-834-2044, 6054 s. drexel avenue, chicago, il 60637.











position information










requisition number




	            		104032
		            
	            		 
				
            






departmental job title




	            		research data analyst
		            
	            		 
				
            






type of position




	            		staff
		            
	            		 
				
            






number of positions available




	            		1
		            
	            		 
				
            






division




	            		biological sciences
		            
	            		 
				
            






department




	            		2012211-bsd-medicine-inf diseases
		            
	            		 
				
            






*standard summary





	            		 
				
            






about the unit




	            		the chicago center for hiv elimination (cche), is situated within the biological sciences division at the university of chicago medicine. cche aims to eliminate all new hiv transmission events by 2041.  the university of chicago's position on the south side makes it uniquely situated to test, treat, and prevent new hiv infections in a highly affected population. the south side communities and majority black suburbs connected to them to the south represents the largest contiguous black population in the united states. by using our integrated hiv transmission elimination approaches, we are beginning to make new infections in these communities less frequent.
		            
	            		 
				
            






unit job summary




	            		the research data analyst will be responsible for analyzing cutting-edge bio-behavioral health and network epidemiological datasets, and reporting results from their analyses. the staff member will be responsible for providing data for abstract and manuscript submission and opportunities for developing independent research projects may be available. the candidate will assist with the development of abstracts, posters, presentations, manuscripts, and other research outcomes. the candidate will present findings at local and national conferences. they will be responsible for maintaining clinical research databases across collaborating institutions. they will complete periodic reports on these datasets for cdc, cdph and nih projects.  this position is grant funded.
		            
	            		 
				
            






education




	            		master's degree in public health science (epidemiology) or related field required.
		            
	            		 
				
            






experience




	            		required: 1 year of experience with conducting data analysis with analytic software (stata, spss, or r);  query design, report creation, and visualization. 1 year of experience managing complex databases and providing analysis of data and program monitoring and evaluation.  preferred: previous grant writing experience; manuscript writing; program management and/or development experience.
		            
	            		 
				
            






competencies




	            		demonstrated effective leadership and teaching skillssupervisory skillsstrong knowledge of program subject matterwillingness to attend necessary orientation and trainings through chicago strong interpersonal skills and the ability to work both independently and as part of a teamflexibilitycreativityability to manage stressful situationsability to maintain confidentialityability to work on multiple projects simultaneously, set priorities, and meet deadlinesproficiency in the use of data analysis software (sas/r/stata) and microsoft applications, including but not limited to outlook, excel, access and worddemonstrated written and verbal communication skills and strong analytical skillswork in community-based settings and program officeability to sit for up to 2 hoursability to use computers extensively for 4 hours or moreability to stand for 4 hours or moreability to bend, crouch, or stoop
		            
	            		 
				
            






required job seeker documents




	            		resumecover letterreference contact information
		            
	            		 
				
            






optional job seeker documents




	            		writing sample
		            
	            		 
				
            






work location




	            		campus - hyde park
		            
	            		 
				
            






other work location





	            		 
				
            






work schedule




	            		full-time
		            
	            		 
				
            






hours/week




	            		40
		            
	            		 
				
            






if other than regular hours (m-f, 8:30-5:00) please detail




	            		regular
		            
	            		 
				
            






benefits eligible?




	            		yes
		            
	            		 
				
            






union (if applicable):




	            		non-union
		            
	            		 
				
            






pay grade




	            		na
		            
	            		 
				
            






pay range




	            		depends on qualifications
		            
	            		 
				
            






pay frequency




	            		monthly
		            
	            		 
				
            






does this position require incumbent to operate a vehicle on the job?




	            		no
		            
	            		 
				
            






is a background check required?




	            		yes
		            
	            		 
				
            






is drug testing required?




	            		yes
		            
	            		 
				
            






employee referral bonus amount




	            		none
		            
	            		 
				
            






posting date




	            		11-15-2017
		            
	            		 
				
            






remove from posting on or before




	            		05-15-2018
		            
	            		 
				
            






return to search results









*the standard summary is designed to indicate the general nature and level of work performed by employees within this classification. it is not designed to contain or be interpreted as a comprehensive inventory of all duties and responsibilities required of employees assigned to this job.note: after applying for this position you will receive a confirmation number. if you do not see the confirmation number, you have not completed applying for the position.the university of chicago is an affirmative action/equal opportunity/disabled/veterans employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national or ethnic origin, age, status as an individual with a disability, protected veteran status, genetic information, or other protected classes under the law. for additional information please see the university's notice of nondiscrimination.   staff job seekers in need of a reasonable accommodation to complete the application process should submit a request via the  applicant   inquiry form  or call 773-702-5800.   the university of chicago's annual security & fire safety report provides information about university resources, statistics and policies, including: offices and programs that provide safety support; crime and fire statistics; emergency response and communications plans; and other policies and information. the report can be accessed online at: http://commonsense.uchicago.edu/. paper copies of the report are available, upon request, from the university of chicago, human resources, 773-834-2044, 6054 s. drexel avenue, chicago, il 60637.









for additional support, please visit http://peopleadminsupport.com/5-8/







