






deltek talent management -
						    database analyst - (441)
					




































 this site attempts to protect users against 
	cross-site request forgeries  attacks. in order to do so, you must have javascript enabled in your web browser otherwise this site will fail to work correctly for you.
	 see details of your web browser for how to enable javascript.
















this site attempts to protect users against 
	cross-site request forgeries  attacks. in order to do so, you must have javascript enabled in your web browser otherwise this site will fail to work correctly for you.
	 see details of your web browser for how to enable javascript.



 






who we are


what we do


latest


careers


find us








en


fr














exp is an equal opportunity employer and welcomes all applicants. should you need any special accommodations, please feel free to contact us at hrsupport@exp.com and we will arrange for the most suitable accommodations based on your needs.
	


attention safari users: this site requires cookies to function. please click here to accept the cookie. cookies will be used strictly for the functioning of the site.












select language

english


français (ca)








 




jump to









toggle navigation









 job search


 view all jobs




 create account


 login


 help 

instructions on this page
help on this page
















 


job details



database analyst - (441)
×close this details all the information about the job posting.     












share this job as a link in your status update to linkedin.











														
																	job title
																
															

								database analyst
															



														
																	location
																
															

								chicago, il 606015924 us (primary)




														
																	education
																
															

								some college coursework completed
															



														
																	education level - quebec
																
															





														
																	job type
																
															

								regular, full time
															



														
																	job description
																
															

at exp, we know that great experiences start with the right people. we believe that work should be challenging, and the challenge should be fun. we also believe that exponential possibilities are more likely to occur with a respectful, satisfying and empowering company. we value and respect our employees - their experience and expertise as well as their energy, passion and diversity - and their innovative approach to work and to life.
 
 
your challenge
we are seeking a database analyst for our chicago team. this individual will work on a variety of assignments with a primary focus of supporting information technology solutions to solve business problems. candidates can expect to work independently as well as on teams staffed with management consultants, it professionals, engineers and scientists from various backgrounds and experience levels.  the ability to effectively provide application interface support to clients and be extremely customer focused, user training and documentation of policies and procedures, as well as inventory management/auditing.    responsibilities also include inventory price management, form and report customization, user training and documentation of policies and procedures, as well developing workflows and inventory management/auditing.
 
 
your responsibility
oversee / monitor infor10 eam information provided by warehouse staff.
formalized training and training manuals for warehouse staff.                
engineer new commodity codes for warehouse use.
create work flow process for monitoring and purchasing within infor10 eam.
evaluate reports generated within infor10 eam.

assess, assign and update issues regarding eam support.


assisting with upgrading of infor10 eam’s system to infor11 eam.


assisting with inventory clean up: including removing non-essential inventory.


basic sql server reporting services (ssrs).


assist with any request including (but not limited to) updating contracts and pricing, creation of new accounts and user groups, creation of new inventory types, training of personnel, creating new part codes.






														
																	job requirements
																
															

the skills and ability you bring

bachelor degree with 3-5 years of experience.


excellent customer/client services skills.


experience/ability to analyze data.


ability to work independently.


high aptitude with software.


ability to develop and provide end-user training.


ability to document and establish standards, policies and procedures.


ability to datamine for data warehouses.

 
 
what exp can offer
with a mission to understand, innovate, partner and deliver, exp provides professional, technical and strategic services related to the world’s built and natural environments in six key practice areas: buildings, earth & environment, energy, industrial, infrastructure, and sustainability. our heritage dates back to 1906, when the earliest of exp’s predecessor companies started its engineering infrastructure practice in northern ontario. today, close to 3,000 creative exp professionals across north america and around the globe provide the expertise and experience needed to deliver successful projects for clients.
 
 
our promise is to offer you a challenging career in a positive and dynamic work environment, and it's a promise we take seriously.
 
 
join a dynamic team at exp that provides you with innovative projects, the capacity to develop your career, a full range of benefits, flexible working hours, and much more! when you explore what exp has to offer, you’ll find exponential possibilities.
 
 
for more information, visit www.exp.com.
 
 
exp u.s. services is an equal opportunity employer committed to diversity in the workplace. minority/female/disabled/protected veteran




 







 
 apply to this job


 
or







 
 send to a friend


















 top of page


						v14.3.5.1 | copyright © 2017 all rights reserved. 
													| deltek talent management
											




























who we are


what we do


latest


find us





careers

explore a dynamic, rewarding career with exp.
careers



find us

get in touch with exp’s offices across north america.
contact us







  

copyright © 2017. all rights reserved.


terms of use


privacy policy














































