





analyst - compass lexecon careers


































settings

















europe
latin america
asia pacific




 

contact
subscribe



about us
practice areas 


accounting
                                        litigation services


antitrust
                                        & competition


auctions


bankruptcy
                                        & financial distress litigation


class
                                        certification


corporate
                                        governance


damages


derivatives
                                        & structured finance




employment


employee
                                        retirement income securities act (erisa) litigation


energy


entertainment
                                        & media


financial
                                        institutions


healthcare


high
                                        technology


intellectual
                                        property




international
                                        arbitration


international
                                        trade


pharmaceuticals


public
                                        policy


regulatory
                                        investigations


securities
                                        & financial markets


sports


telecommunications




transportation


valuation
                                        & financial analysis



professionals
highlights
cases
careers 


what we look
                                        for


what we offer


meet our people


opportunities














what we look for


what we offer


meet our people


opportunities





opportunities



                             
                        
 
compass lexecon, one of the world’s leading economic consulting firms, offers employment
                            opportunities to top candidates with strong academic backgrounds and professional
                            experience.  a complete application consists of a cover letter, resume, writing sample, and
                            transcripts.










search openings


search our positions by entering a keyword or location below. 
					the list below includes only a subset of all available positions. each job
                    description includes a link for applying and submitting your resume to us online. if you have
                    specific questions about any of our positions, you can contact our recruiting team here.
                    due to the large volume of applicants, please do not send inquiries regarding application status.
                    if you plan to attend the aea meetings in january 2018, please apply to our senior economist role 
                    here.

					please use internet explorer when submitting your application.













				☰
			
















jobs




help



























					analyst
				






🔍
						united states , illinois, chicago
					







📁
economics



📅




oct 02, 2017 post date



📅




170xs requisition #






apply for job

share this job

sign up for job alerts











about the company: compass lexecon, one of the world's leading economic consulting firms, specializes in financial and economic analysis of issues that arise in regulatory, policy and litigation matters. compass lexecon has been engaged by fortune 500 corporations, government entities, and others to assist in numerous high profile mergers, government investigations, and private litigation matters in the united states and worldwide. compass lexecon provides state of the art economic research capabilities that combine the academic, private-sector, and public-sector expertise of in-house economists and academic affiliates. about the opportunity: analysts are responsible for the completion of qualitative and quantitative research and analysis projects. analysts are involved in nearly all aspects of project work, interacting closely with other analysts, economists and case supervisors in researching and analyzing data used to prepare final work product. analysts are expected, at a minimum, to perform this work after having been given clear instructions. analysts are expected to demonstrate sound analytical judgment and to progress to a level of initiative consistent with the ability to satisfactorily recommend appropriate research, analyses and actions and to implement them with continued consultation of supervisors. primary duties: research and analysis 


collects specific information (quantitative and qualitative) from identified sources as instructed by supervisors. 

utilizes appropriate resources (e.g., internet, library, subscription services, colleagues, etc.) to identify the range of sources of relevant information, both quantitative and qualitative. 

identifies, collects and communicates relevant information (e.g., price; included and excluded information; dates of coverage, etc.). 

interprets collected information so that it can be used by economists and case supervisors in the preparation of their expert reports and analyses. 

successfully expands scope of research as suggested by supervisors. 

executes projects (qualitative and quantitative) as instructed by, and communicates actions to, supervisors. 

successfully incorporates modifications to projects and analyses as requested by supervisors. 

identifies and communicates data, information and/or inconsistencies to supervisors. 

utilizes case-specific documents (e.g., depositions, trial transcripts, expert reports, produced documents, etc.) to identify information specified by supervisors. 

summarizes and extracts information relevant to the arguments of the case from case specific documents. 

analyzes data used in client projects when asked by supervisors. 

formulates and utilizes basic data modeling as requested by supervisors. 

effectively creates, organizes and maintains document lists and other methods for internal document management. 

effectively documents research and analyses to facilitate communication of progress. 
work product preparation 


creates and organizes documentation and backup of work product in hard copy or electronic file format utilizing sharepoint or other document management software. 

customizes client folders using sharepoint document management software. 

produces graphical or tabular exhibits using pc software applications or programming on the mainframe. 

proofreads and identifies errors in charts, tables and other work products. 
 
basic qualifications: 


bachelor’s degree in field requiring analytical and qualitative research. significant coursework in economics, mathematics and statistics a plus. 

demonstrated quantitative and qualitative research and analysis skills. 
preferred skills: 


strong knowledge of microsoft word, excel, and powerpoint. 

basic knowledge of sas or other statistical software a plus. 

fast paced office environment handling multiple tasks and demands. 

requires the ability to concentrate and pay close attention to detail. 

excellent time/stress management skills. 

must be able to work independently and as part of a team. 
position classification: non-exempt 







































previous job searches











my profile


create and manage profiles for future opportunities.
go to profile









my submissions


track your opportunities.
my submissions












similar listings




analyst - competition practice


 spain , spain, madrid
📁 economics


post date:
sep 18, 2017





economist - competition practice


 spain , spain, madrid
📁 economics


post date:
aug 24, 2017





phd, director - center for healthcare economics and policy


 united states , district of columbia, washington
📁 economics


post date:
aug 04, 2017





view more listings


















jobs




help




sitemap





					©  compass lexecon careers. all rights reserved.
				









site map
privacy policy


bringing clarity to the complex

antitrust & competition | 
securities & financial markets
valuation & financial analysis | 
bankruptcy & financial distress litigation
derivatives & structured finance | 
employee retirement income securities act
class certification | 
corporate governance | 
energy | 
damages
regulatory investigations | 
auctions | 
international arbitration
accounting litigation services | 
intellectual property | 
telecommunications
financial institutions | 
transportation employment | 
healthcare
pharmaceuticals | 
entertainment & media | 
sports | 
public policy
high technology | 
international trade

































1
0



