

	business data analyst at corus360






























home




about us




newsroom




corus360 cares




all jobs















>
corus360


>
united states


>
rolling meadows, il


>
information technology


>
            management analysts
            
        






business data analyst

at corus360


date posted: 
12/6/2017




apply




not ready to apply?








                        job description
                    


as a trusted partner, corus360 is helping our client fill an exciting new opportunity for a business data analyst. this position can sit in the chicago, il or the raleigh, nc area. if you are not afraid of challenges and want to grow your knowledge apply today! responsibilities:   research and document current business intelligence and analytics capabilities.  data primarily includes property/casualty insurance content (premium & loss data).  conduct gap analysis against current capabilities and packaged solution capabilities.  identify and recommend solutions for closing gaps.  prepare requirements and specifications for business intelligence and analytics products.   prepare plans for and execute solution validation.  create business and functional requirements documents for business intelligence projects that require additional data or etl.  document data mapping of existing processes and new processes. skills / experience:    background analyzing data related business and technical needs as well as eliciting and documenting requirements related to data integration from source systems to target data warehouse capabilities, data marts, data analytics tools and information delivery solutions background deploying business intelligence and analytics solutions adhering to a system development life cycle methodologies. document specifications for data integration, business intelligence or information technology (it) reports, dashboards, or other outputs. maintain library of model documents, templates, or other reusable knowledge assets. proficiency working with business intelligence software programs, such as oracle, tableau, ibm cognos or microsoft power bi. familiarity with the processes of extract, transform and load (etl), online analytical processing (olap), sql queries. background defining and supporting business processes and procedures as they relate to data.   skills, knowledge and abilities to be effective on the job:  commercial insurance experience preferred, with commercial p&c data model familiarity a plus. experience working with stakeholders and end-users to define, test and deliver business intelligence requirements strong knowledge of relational, sql and dimensional databases knowledge of property/casualty insurance operations (desirable).   education:    bachelor's degree in business, management, accounting, economics, statistics, information science or similar. 






apply




not ready to apply?










share with







https://www.jobs.net/jobs/corus-360/en-us/job/united-states/business-data-analyst/j3s1kh6wzk0rp980xw3/
business data analyst







                        job snapshot
                    




employee type:
contractor





location:
rolling meadows, il





job type:
information technology





experience:
not specified





date posted:
12/6/2017 






                            about us
                        

corus360 is a technology consulting and solutions company with over 10 years of success helping clients better leverage technology investments to satisfy strategic and tactical business requirements. our team of consultants and engineers hail from all major industries and average over fifteen years of experience in performance improvement and sustainability, it operations and enterprise technologies. the corus360 team prides itself on creating solutions and providing deliverables that enable our customers to continually increase the productivity and efficiency of their businesses.
we help clients solve problems and deliver technology solutions with people.
by bringing together people and technology to help companies succeed across the entire enterprise, we work within a framework that ensures we are only involved where we add real value to our clients’ efforts. we understand your resource needs, then map solutions that fit.
we believe the path to a satisfied client is created by embracing the principle that its people are one of its most valuable assets. as a program or at a tactical level, we focus on architecting, implementing, managing or staffing projects to deliver solutions and exceed customer expectations. for corus360, this discipline and process driven recruiting methodology is fully reflected and articulated by the companies' commitment to technology - not the traditional staffing model.
let corus360 add value to your business. we can help build a workforce to create a competitive advantage for your organization.
if you’re ready to work for a technology leader, don’t delay. join the corus360 talent network today!
what is a talent network?
joining our talent network will enhance your job search and application process. whether you choose to apply or just leave your information, we look forward to staying connected with you. 
why join?

receive alerts with new job opportunities that match your interests
share job opportunities with family and friends through social media or email

 >> view all job opportunities





			            check out our similar jobs
		            


business analyst jobs
business management jobs
jobs in chicago, illinois
business analyst jobs in chicago, illinois











privacy policy




terms and conditions


















































