


    data generation analyst at label insight

























label insight
















data generation analyst

chicago, illinois, united states
full-time





we are looking for a motivated, analytical thinker to join in the role of data generation analyst. in this position, you will be responsible for supporting the data generation team through each step of the data generation process, beginning with the onboarding of products through digitization of the product data. you will help to assess current processes and identify areas for improvement through automation and/or productization in order to scale. this position will report to our operations and quality manager.
responsibilities:

track and analyze incoming data and effectively report on status to internal stakeholders.
serve as source of knowledge to internal teams to ensure client communication is swift and accurate.
generate customer facing reports for analysis of ongoing projects.
act as strong advocate for process improvements within the framework of company objectives. 
provide structured feedback and business process / product requests to appropriate internal teams.

skills & qualifications:

education: bachelor of science or similar degree in related technical or business field
2+ years of professional experience 
well-developed excel and mysql skills
familiarity with statistical software packages (e.g. r)
strong analytical and problem solving skills and abilities
excellent communication, organization and documentation skills
ability to work both autonomously and collaboratively in a cross-functional environment with technical and non-technical team members
familiarity with saas environments, agile development and business methodologies is desired
familiarity with food label data elements and attributes is desired
experience working with cpg manufacturers and retailers is desired

about label insight:
label insight is a high-growth technology company founded with the mission of helping cpg companies and retailers to help their consumers understand what’s in the products they use and consume. our world class saas data platform is transforming the way brands and retailers interact with and share product data in order to bring product transparency to the consumer. our team is unique because it’s comprised not only of tech engineers and data scientists, but food science, nutrition experts and product formulation specialists, that enable the enriched attribution capability of our tools. we’ve also attracted top senior executive talent with decades of leadership experience to help manage our rapid growth and scale.
our values:
as a team, we share a common set of values: we are innovative problem solvers. we believe in transparency, both in our product and in our work. we have curious minds and aren’t afraid to challenge the status quo. we value scientific inquiry. we aren’t afraid to take risks, and fail fast to learn and improve. we embrace uniqueness. we are lifelong learners and value intellectual honesty. 





apply for this opening





                                        apply with linkedin
                                    






                                    apply with indeed
                                


apply for this opening at 
                        http://labelinsight.recruiterbox.com/jobs/fk0f7sx?apply=true



 other openings at label insight
                                
see all the jobs at label insight here: 
                                    http://labelinsight.recruiterbox.com/jobs
                                






                        fetching your linkedin profile ...
                    



application form




                        apply with linkedin
                    





                        apply with indeed
                    






                        first name
                         *
                    




                        last name
                        
                    




                        email
                         *
                    




                        phone
                         *
                    




                        resume
                         *
                    




                        cover letter
                        
                    





                        requested salary range
                         *
                    
















thanks for your time





apply for this opening



                    apply with linkedin
                



                    apply with indeed
                

share this opening with friends








 other openings at label insight
                    
see all the jobs at label insight here: 
                        http://labelinsight.recruiterbox.com/jobs
                    














powered by
recruiterbox















