








apply for combined insurance business intelligence analyst job - finance - chicago, illinois





















 




skip to main content










menu

careers

combined insurance
find a job




select your country













 section : careers switch

spanish


english



combined insurance


home

job search
your career at combined

opportunities at combined 

browse job types
sales agents
sales management
worksite sales
corporate positions


careers for veterans
careers for latinos
about combined

find us online 

our blog

facebook

twitter

youtube

google+

instagram


agent testimonials

talent community









view all job listings






 





 











































combined insurance careers






share this job


























business intelligence analyst


locations:
chicago, illinois




categories: finance





apply




job description


combined insurance, is seeking a business intelligence
analyst to join our fast-paced, high energy, growing company. we are proud of
our tradition of success in the insurance industry of over 90 years. come join our
team of hard-working, talented professionals!
 
job summary:
this position will be responsible for the
development of new business intelligence dashboards using power bi that will be
accessible on the ipad using cloud-based data. 
he/she will work closely with the reporting manager to deliver on the
design/development, programming, maintenance, and publication of operational
reports that play a key role in driving business decisions.  
 
responsibilities:
develop and
prepare weekly and monthly reports to address the business needs of the finance
departmentcreate data
visualizations and transform data into innovative dashboard designsmaintain
large sets of data that require validation, cleansing and troubleshootingcreate and
maintain online automated reports using ssrs; update and maintain access and
sql databases to ensure data qualitydebug
technical issues when they ariserespond to ad
hoc requests for analysis and reports from internal stakeholders including
sales, marketing, underwriting, legal, actuarial, training, and itdevelop
skills and leverage business intelligence tools such as power bi to drive
efficiency and deliver high quality information solutionsanalyze and
integrate data from multiple sources
skills/experience:
three to five years business
experience, knowledge of insurance industry a plusexcellent
technical skills including advanced knowledge of excel and accessknowledge of
sql programming languageexperience
creating online automated reports using ssrsbusiness
intelligence and/or dashboard experience, power bi a plusexperience
working with large databasesstrong
analytical, problem-solving and multi-tasking skillsability to
work independently to complete assignments in a timely manner
 
education:
ba required,
preferably in it, computer science, data analytics, business intelligence or
finance
 
our benefits
as a combined corporate employee, you have access to one of the most
comprehensive benefit plans in the business, designed to meet your needs and
help you reach your financial goals. our company is committed to supporting its
employees with a comprehensive compensation package that is appropriate in the
market where they work. below are several of the many benefits we offer our
employees:  
health
insurancedental
insurancetuition
reimbursementa
company-match 401(k) plandisability
insurancelife
insuranceemployee
referral bonuses
about combined
insurance
combined insurance is a leading provider of individual supplemental
accident, disability, health and life insurance products. with a field sales
force and corporate staff in excess of 5,000 people worldwide, combined
insurance meets the growing coverage needs of policyholders around the globe. we
pride ourselves on being customer-centric, people-driven, accountable,
performance-minded, and ethical. we invest in our employees and take the time
to focus on their development, needs and career aspirations. 
our parent company is one of the world’s largest multiline property and
casualty insurers. with operations in 54 countries, the company provides
commercial and personal property and casualty insurance, personal accident and
supplemental health insurance, reinsurance and life insurance to a diverse
group of clients. 
connect with us on twitter, facebook, linkedin, and
google+
 
at chubb, we are committed to equal employment opportunity and
compliance with all laws and regulations pertaining to it. our policy is to
provide employment, training, compensation, promotion, and other conditions or
opportunities of employment, without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex,
sexual orientation, transgender, national origin, disability, genetic
information, veteran or marital status, or any other characteristic protected
by law.
 travel - nojob posting - nov 3, 2017, 12:58:12 pm





 








         combined insurance company of america (chicago, il) is a leading provider of individual supplemental accident, disability, health and life insurance products and a chubb company. with a tradition of more than 90 years of success, combined insurance is one of ward’s top 50® performing life-health insurance companies and was named the number one military friendly® employer by g.i. jobs magazine in 2015 and 2016. combined insurance is committed to making the world of supplemental insurance easy to understand.           sections     homeyour career at combined opportunities at combined about combined       our positions     sales agents sales management worksite sales corporate positions       get started     job search talent communitycareers for veteranscareers for spanish speakers       change sections  personal coverageworksite solutionsagents & brokerscorporate home       new york - domestic violence notice hipaacomplianceprivacy policy terms of use   © 2017 combined insurance. all rights reserved..       



















