


careers center - data analyst














































please enable cookies to continue
please enable cookies in your browser to experience all the personalized features of this site, including the ability to apply for a job.







welcome page







returning candidate?

log back in!












data analyst


job locations

us-ca-mountain view





requisition id

2017-5319


company name

teledyne microwave solutions


shift

1st shift - day


citizenship/visa requirement

us citizen/perm resident/ other us person


internal code (for careerbuilder)

#cb#









company overview






teledyne is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer.  all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, religious creed, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, transgender, pregnancy, marital status, national origin, ancestry, citizenship status, age, disability, protected veteran status, genetics or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state, or local law.     if you need assistance or an accommodation while seeking employment, please email  teledynerecruitment@teledyne.com or call (805)373-4545.  determinations on requests for reasonable accommodation will be made on a case-by-case basis.  please note that only those inquiries concerning a request for reasonable accommodation will receive a response.   








position summary and responsibilities






seeking a motivated and talented key member that will be analyzing data and generating charts for the tms business unit located in mountain view, ca.  this position is part of manufacturing operations, but also works closely with accounting and other departments.essential functions:assist with the preparation of monthly financial reports and charts.assist with cost tracking to develop monthly cost plans for determining profitability.help develop and maintain new financial reports.assist in the tracking of monthly shipments, keeping necessary reports updated daily for the gm's review.document procedures.ideal candidate needs to be self-motivated and a self-starter who can work with minimal supervision, after training. 








qualifications






bachelor's degree in math, statistics, economics, business analytics or related field is required.1-2 years experience preferred.must love details and possess an exceedingly high level of attention to detail.must possess exemplary math and analytical skills.must possess exemplary excel skills-the ability to write simple and more complex formulas for analyzing data.ability to program in excel, not just record macros, is desirable, but not required.must possess critical thinking skills.must possess good verbal and written communication skills.must be able to work as part of a team when required, but must also possess the ability to work independently. must be a self-starter, self motivated, and have good work ethic.exposure or working knowledge of r, tableau, or similar software preferred.must have outstanding organizational skills. u.s. citizen or permanent resident only.








requisition post information* : posted date






10/24/2017





options

apply for this job onlineapplyshareemail this job to a friendrefer


sorry the share function is not working properly at this moment. please refresh the page and try again later.

share on your newsfeed





application faqssoftware powered by icimswww.icims.com









