










perfect world entertainment - careers






















































data analyst


location:
redwood city, ca


department:
platform/analytics



description
data analyst, game
summary
perfect world entertainment seeks a skilled, positive, and energetic data analyst to join the team!  the successful candidate will have excellent sql-writing ability, and enjoy combining analytic skills with business acumen to provide our game studios with the data and insights that will drive our continued success.  the platform data analyst works with key decision-makers on a daily basis as a data-driven advisor and partner on strategic issues.  the candidate should enjoy both working with people and performing technical analyses.
duties and responsibilities:
·      determine key metrics, automate reporting and continuously monitor output.
·      identify, analyze, and interpret trends or patterns in complex data sets.
·      analyze results, platform insights and performance, trending and making recommendations to management.
·      make strategic recommendations backed up by quantifiable data and analyzed trends.
·      perform basic statistical analyses for projects and reports by creating dashboards, graphs, reports, forecasts and presentations of project results as routine or ad-hoc reports
requirements:
·      bs/ms in quantitative discipline required (math, physics, statistics, computer science, engineering, economics, etc.)
·      minimum 2-3 years experience in data and analytics-intensive role.
·      must have excellent interpersonal and communication skills.
·      strong sql scripting knowledge and experience.
·      proficiency in working with large data sets is required.
·      exceptional analytical ability and business judgment.
·      intermediate/advanced microsoft excel user.
·      knowledge of statistical applications such as r and sas.
·      experienced in report analysis and development using business intelligence tools (i.e., tableau) is a plus.
·      previous experience in python is a plus.
·      passion for gaming!
perfect world entertainment is a leading north american online games publisher specializing in immersive free-to-play mmorpgs. founded in 2008, perfect world entertainment has published 10+ popular titles, including neverwinter, swordsman, blacklight retribution, forsaken world, perfect world international and star trek online. the company works closely with its american development teams and partners such as cryptic studios, developer of the highly anticipated mmorpg dungeons & dragons neverwinter, and runic games, developer of the hit torchlight series, to provide unparalleled quality of service and game experiences to its players. a subsidiary of perfect world co., ltd. (nasdaq: pwrd), perfect world entertainment is headquartered in redwood city, california.
for more information, please visit: www.perfectworld.com
 



















are you a returning applicant?












previous applicants:


email:





password:





if you do not remember your password click here.




back to search results


new search















be part of one of the fastest growing online gaming companies in the bay area.



join us at facebook
follow us on twitter
view us on youtube
site map


 






copyright © 2015. perfect world inc. all rights reserved.






home
about us
our mission
press releases
career
games




