


			advanced media analytics - data analyst / sql -			frequence -
			job board
		








































menu

process
case studies
about us
careers
contact




advanced media analytics - data analyst / sql

mountain view, ca
full time
ad operations
mid level







about us:
frequence is an advertising technology company that builds and delivers comprehensive digital advertising campaigns. our programmatic marketing platform enables large organizations to effectively and efficiently sell a range of digital products at scale.
responsibilities include:

extracting, organizing, and analyzing media buying performance data using tools such as sql, excel, and google spreadsheets.
monitoring the testing pipeline, analyzing results, making recommendations, and driving implementation of approved solutions.
assembling relevant data for specific projects, and assisting data engineering with pre-processing or basic data analysis.
developing new reports to address business requirements or internal issues.
managing multiple projects and effectively communicating status updates with internal stakeholders.

deliverables:

daily, weekly, and monthly reports to support the media buying operations needs.
results analysis and presentation of ongoing performance testing.
sql queries for system analysis and production updates.
communication of inefficiencies and/or recommendations for existing process changes.

keys to success:

strong desire to build your career by making substantive contributions within a fast paced startup company.
ability to demonstrate a past history of excellent work ethic and drive.
deep interest and aptitude in data, metrics, analysis and trends and applied knowledge of measurement, statistics and program evaluation.

required skills:

2 to 5+ years in a data analyst position with strong professional sql query experience.  
advanced sql and excel skills.
bachelor's or master's degree in math, engineering, statistics or other quantitative field, with track record of academic excellence.

preferred skills

industry experience in advertising/marketing.
some experience with spark or pig working with large-scale data.














			* required fields
		










first name*





last name*





email address*





location 





phone number*





resume*


attach resume or
					paste resume





						attach resume as .pdf, .doc, or .docx (limit 2mb) or
						paste resume



 




						paste your resume here or
						attach resume file



 



cover letter*





what’s your citizenship / employment eligibility?*

no answeri am a u.s. citizen/permanent residentnon-citizen allowed to work for any employernon-citizen allowed to work for current employernon-citizen seeking work authorizationi am a canadian citizen/permanent residentother



are you 18 years of age or older?*

no answeryesno



linkedin profile url:





desired salary





in 150 characters or fewer, tell us what makes you unique. try to be creative and say something that will catch our eye!*























process
case studies
about us
careers
contact



copyright 2012-2014 frequence inc.
all rights reserved
privacy policy

 





