 









business intelligence analyst #1088 job at globant in sunnyvale, ca, powered by jobscore















































your browser cookies must be enabled in order to apply for this job. please contact support@jobscore.com if you need further instruction on how to do that.












business intelligence analyst
software development | sunnyvale, ca | full time






job description


at globant, we dream and build digital journeys that matter to millions of users. we do that by leveraging engineering, design and innovation with our own industry-leading practices, like our agile pods and specialized studios.
we want you to join us in creating these journeys for the biggest clients in tech, retail, travel, banking, ecommerce and media, revolutionizing and growing their core businesses while helping them (and you!) stay ahead of the curve.
what are we looking for?
we are looking for a business intelligence analyst, who will be part of the team providing critical business insight, planning and advisory services for our client. you will help identify and priorities biggest challenges and key opportunities in the areas of business growth, product innovation, and strategic planning. you will partner with cross-functional stakeholders to understand their needs and provide guidance for informed, impactful decision-making. to be successful, you will be an organized self-starter with a strong client-service orientation, a passion for continual improvement and innovation, and strong technical skills that enable you to create scale.  
responsibilities: 

work with stakeholders, across our client's cross-functional team (but especially in marketing, product management and engineering) to provide business-critical data, metrics and reports
maintain and develop data, metrics and reports.
build dashboards using common google data visualization technologies to give stakeholders ongoing visibility into key metrics
present insights and findings in front of stakeholders and leaders of the organization.
provide data for ad hoc requests, answer questions about the team's dashboards, tables, and lead training for users. 

minimum qualification:

ba/bs degree with an emphasis on work of a quantitative nature (statistics, computer science, engineering, mathematics).
working proficiency with data, warehousing and building dashboards.
demonstrated ability to understand new datasets and data structures.
bi knowledge on data analysis, reporting and strong sql knowledge

preferred qualification:

experience analyzing large datasets with strong statistical, quantitative modeling, and forecasting skills.
experience with some scripting languages such as python, shell scripting. 
familiarity with marketing, crm, product analytics.

all of our engineers are backed up by our technical directors and studios (centers of excellence), and our project team(s) of amazing “globers”. each team, while having their own personality, are part of the global tapestry that makes up our powerful culture of collaboration, agility and impact.
we look at the software development process from the three different but complementary perspectives of engineering, design, and innovation...in a constant quest for new insights. we also believe in showing our people how much we value them, which is why one of the many benefits we offer is a fully paid by company ppo health plan.
globant is an eoe m/f/d/v. for many positions, relocation is available if needed. globant does not accept unsolicited third party resumes.
we are interested in hard-working, fast-learning talents and we have the know-how and scale to help you make your own career path. if you seek an entrepreneurial, flexible and team-oriented culture, come join us.
we are ready.
 





return to globant


apply for this job










apply for this job


apply for this job


share










not the right job?

join our talent network


recruiter




christine teng


 



location





return to globant








powered by







applicant tracking















