



job application for data scientist  at glooko





















          apply now
        
data scientist 

        at glooko
      
(view all jobs)

        mountain view, ca
      


about glooko:
there are over 420 million people in the world with diabetes and glooko helps them, as well as their physicians and care team, manage the disease more easily and cost effectively. glooko is the unified platform for diabetes management and provides an fda cleared, hipaa compliant web and mobile (ios and android) application for people with diabetes and the clinicians who treat them. the platform seamlessly unifies data from over 50 of the leading blood glucose meters, insulin pumps, continuous glucose monitors, activity trackers, and biometric devices to deliver insights that improve personal and clinical decision support.
glooko’s mobile app and web dashboard enable patients to easily track and proactively manage all aspects of their diabetes care. glooko’s population tracker and apis offer diabetes-centric analytics and supply insightful reports, graphs and pattern-triggered notifications to patients, health systems, and payers. the glooko platform also allows customers and third-party developers to create branded modules for glooko users. learn more at http://www.glooko.com, follow us at twitter.com/glookoinc, and facebook.com/glooko.
launched in 2010, glooko is funded and managed by visionary technologists and leaders in healthcare.
this is the job for you, if...

you have 3+ years of work experience in data science, analytics, machine learning and population segmentation.
you have a strong ability to iterate and test hypotheses.
you are nimble, open to iteration and enjoys working fast!
you have a background in machine learning, but also capable of performing inferential statistics as well.
you are an out-of-the-box thinker with a passion to learn from others and teach.
you understand and are enthusiastic about data and the potential for using it to improve healthcare.
you have a creative spirit and are team-oriented.
you have the experience and/or desire to work in a small, growing company.
you have the ability to create and manage machine learning and analytics pipeline processes.
you have the ability to present to large clinical/research audiences at national meetings.
you have the ability to translate data analysis and research to relevant clinical publications.
you enjoy writing research manuscripts in a efficient and effective manner with accepting edits from many stakeholders.
you have experience with major analytics tookits including r, python, sas, spss, etc
you have an advanced degree/studies in a data intensive field (statistics, science, research).
you want to make a difference!

this is what you'll do...
the glooko data scientist hypothesizes, defines, tests and develops models based on an iterative process that uncovers the potential for insights and actions from glooko’s unified warehouse of over 4.5 billion diabetes data points.
typical activities for the data scientist include:

work with glooko leadership and product teams to develop and understand glooko’s strategy and goals around clinical outcomes and user engagement.
develop hypotheses about the glooko data/users and then test those hypotheses to uncover research topics/studies, insights and trends that can provide the value of glooko and drive on-going engagement with the user.
actively develop, manage and analyze the live glooko data warehouse, which contains blood glucose meter, continuous glucose monitors (cgm), insulin pump, exercise/fitness tracker, diet and medication data to uncover insights and trends.
translate data analysis to a clinical audience either in written manuscripts or by presenting findings at large national meetings.
market test and validate concepts in concert with the product team to create high quality output and determine which ideas and approaches have the most impact.
work closely with the clinical research team (chief medical officer, director of clinical research/development, clinical research associates) on research projects and analytics.
work with product development to define and build both prototypes and finished products that contain an experience flow that guides both the patient and his/her care team with insights from the glooko data.
work with the ux team and behavioral scientists to define the user experience when receiving insights and coaching via algorithms.

in case you're wondering, glooko offers...

pre-ipo stock incentives
a fully loaded kitchen with healthy snacks and beverages
delicious fresh fruit and vegetable spread everyday
catered lunch on fridays
$600 annual reimbursement on wellness expenses (gym memberships, running shoes, yoga classes, etc.)
401(k) matching program

 







apply for this job

* required
        


first name *



last name *



email *



phone *




              location (city)
                *




resume/cv *


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 














cover letter *


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 

















linkedin profile
    





website
    





how did you hear about this job? *












 



share this job:    













powered by 

 
      read our privacy policy
















