



job application for data scientist at earnin






















          apply now
        
data scientist

        at earnin
      
(view all jobs)

        palo, alto, ca
      


about earnin:
our financial system is fundamentally unfair for people who live paycheck to paycheck.  people shouldn’t have to wait weeks to get the pay they’ve already earned.  this wait forces them to spend more than $100 billion a year on short-term credit products, late fees and overdraft fees.
earnin helps people overcome this unfairness by giving them real-time access to their money as soon as they have worked -- without fees or interest.
our team is bound together by a desire to level the financial playing field.  our investors, andreessen horowitz, ribbit capital, felicis ventures, matrix partners and march capital believe we will change the world.
you can help make a difference.  join us.
about the team:
we’re looking for a talented and motivated data scientist to collect and process data across our business to aid earnin’s mission in giving the world access to their pay as soon as they’ve earned it.
data scientists are the central node to every team within earnin.  as a data scientist, you’ll be interfacing with analytics to gain insight, our risk team to evaluate areas where we can protect and improve our business model, and our engineering team to advance our product utilizing machine intelligence.  
every decision made at earnin is backed by data; our company trajectory is defined by the systems, tools, and analytics powered by our exceptional team.  we integrate multifaceted data streams such as rapidly changing market data, customer data based on app activity and feedback, and financial banking operations data to perfect our processes and workflows.  improving these systems and maintaining scalability across a growing user base (x million and counting) is thrilling, particularly on a team of 4.  
what set us apart:

we care more about the thought process, perseverance, tenacity in solving really difficult problems (rather than checking off all the technology boxes)
solving unique problems in the financial payments industry
helping people on a human level 

as a data scientist you will:

productionize machine learning algorithms, augment engineers to make the earnin product smarter by building, deploying, and maintaining predictive models using python, r, scala
build robust distributed systems to process large scale data streams into useful applications
engineer fast, real-time data pipelines to process data from across the financial markets and our internal event streams
implement risk monitoring systems to improve tracking and mitigation of several risks including money laundering, financial fraud and margin exposure
work closely and collaborate with backend and frontend engineers to build products for gathering timely insights about customer behavior, etc
create monitoring systems to track of the quality of data and the health of our systems

some skills we consider critical to being a data scientist:

experience building data pipelines from scratch data to production
a ms or phd in computer science, physics, statistics, applied mathematics, or any quantitative disciplines
strong sql abilities and experience.
proficient in python, numpy, scipy, scikit-learn, pandas
3+ years industry experience in data mining, machine learning, statistical analysis, and modeling
excellent communication - are you comfortable/able to explain complex scientific topics to non-tech audiences

nice to have:

familiarity with mapreduce
familiarity with neural networks (deep learning)

technologies we use:

elasticsearch, logstash, kibana (elk)
kafka
redis
redshift + aws suite
sql
python, numpy, scipy, sci-kit learn, pandas

 







apply for this job

* required
        











(optional)

almost there! review your information then click 'submit application' to apply.



first name *



last name *



email *



phone *




              location (city)
            



resume/cv *


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 














cover letter


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 















+ add another




linkedin profile
    





website
    





how did you hear about this job?
    





are you legally authorized to work in the united states? *



--
yes
no


will you now or in the future require sponsorship for employment visa status (e.g. h-1b visa status)? *



--
yes
no








 



share this job:    















        school name
      





        degree
      

high school
associate's degree
bachelor's degree
master's degree
master of business administration (m.b.a.)
juris doctor (j.d.)
doctor of medicine (m.d.)
doctor of philosophy (ph.d.)
engineer's degree
other



        discipline
      

accounting
african studies
agriculture
anthropology
applied health services
architecture
art
asian studies
biology
business
business administration
chemistry
classical languages
communications & film
computer science
dentistry
developing nations
discipline unknown
earth sciences
economics
education
electronics
engineering
english studies
environmental studies
european studies
fashion
finance
fine arts
general studies
health services
history
human resources management
humanities
industrial arts & carpentry
information systems
international relations
journalism
languages
latin american studies
law
linguistics
manufacturing & mechanics
mathematics
medicine
middle eastern studies
naval science
north american studies
nuclear technics
operations research & strategy
organizational theory
philosophy
physical education
physical sciences
physics
political science
psychology
public policy
public service
religious studies
russian & soviet studies
scandinavian studies
science
slavic studies
social science
social sciences
sociology
speech
statistics & decision theory
urban studies
veterinary medicine



        start date
      





        end date
      








powered by 

 
      read our privacy policy
















