


careers center - data analyst















































please enable cookies to continue
please enable cookies in your browser to experience all the personalized features of this site, including the ability to apply for a job.







welcome page







returning candidate?

log back in!












data analyst




job id

2017-5703


# of openings

1


category

it/engineering


hire type

temporary full-time


job category

it security









overview






milestone is looking for a passionate data analyst to turn data into proof of concept work for our client's facilities, culinary, and security (fcs) operations group. the data analyst is able to support fcs turn data and information into insightful solutions that help align the client's business units and over all goals. the client group works on tools, technology, processes, budget, and planning. the ideal candidate takes ownership of the lifecycles and different stages of analysis and design, development of analysis, reporting, and continuous improvement efforts. this position requires excellent interpersonal skills, proven work experience in data analytics and the ability to work closely with a variety of key team members such as developers and engineers.








responsibilities






coordinate data analytics requests between facility, culinary, & security (fcs) business partners and it gather and document requirements from fcs teams and align on visualization expectationsdrive data analytic projects from initial ask, scope definition, testing, development, and deployment, and supportdevelop and drive fcs self-service dashboards and analytics modelinggenerate monthly reporting and ad hoc analysis to support leadership decision-makingdrive data accuracy and consistency across teams by identifying gaps and issues in data sources and dashboardsorganize project charters, scorecards, and other documentation for the overall roadmap








qualifications






experience:3+ years experience in data analyticsproficiency in tableau, excel and other analytical applicationsability to handle scope conflict and timeline requestsextremely detail drivenstrong communication skills and experience working in a tech corporationexcellent interpersonal skills, including relationship building and collaboration within a diverse, cross-functional teamability to apply logic and reason to solve complex problemsunderstanding of real estate, facility, or transportation operations a plusexperience in sql (oracle, hive, mysql) a pluseducation:bachelor's degree preferred.





options

apply for this job onlineapplyshareemail this job to a friendrefer


sorry the share function is not working properly at this moment. please refresh the page and try again later.

share on your newsfeed




need help finding the right job?




we can recommend jobs specifically for you!

click here to get started.
















application faqssoftware powered by icimswww.icims.com









