



job board powered by bullhorn





 


                    dec 13, 2017
                    








jobs
your profile
login






job #21767: data analysis & architecture





job code: #21767
title: business data analyst
date posted: 12/11/2017
job location: 
            
            
                raleigh
             
                
            
                north carolina
            
            

job description:

resolvit
bringing solutions that make business better
join resolvit as a business data analyst and be part of a creative, forward-thinking team. our success at deploying skilled, highly knowledgeable experts has landed us on the inc. 5000 list of america’s fastest-growing companies four times – and we’re just getting started.
as the business data analyst, you will collaborate with business stakeholders and subject matter experts to define and document existing and new data requirements. you will work with data architects and data modelers to interpret and map application data models to our enterprise data model. you will also engage key stakeholders to identify and solve data quality and data inconsistency issues. additionally, you will manage communications between governance, data integration, application development, and report development resources regarding data definitions and usage.
what you’ll need to be successful:

at least 5 years of experience as a business analyst
bachelor's degree in an analytical field like math, computer science, or engineering; equivalent experience will also be considered
experience evaluating system specifications for business requirements
experience writing and reading sql code
experience writing custom logic to integrate data sets
spreadsheet skills with proven experience managing and summarizing large data sets
excellent collaboration and communication skills and great attention to detail
experience with on-site and offshore models

great additional skills:

familiarity with salesforce.com (sfdc) customer relationship management (crm) and oracle enterprise business suite (ebs)
familiarity with sap businessobjects (bobj) web intelligence, sas visual analytics, qlikview, and tableau

benefits:
at resolvit, you’ll be given the support you need to grow in your consulting career.  in addition to opportunities for advancement and ongoing training, we offer:

medical, dental, and vision insurance
life insurance coverage
long-term and short-term disability coverage
401(k) retirement plan with matching
professional support from a dedicated business services manager
networking opportunities with other consultants in your area

we currently have more than 100 open career opportunities across the country, so be sure to mention the appropriate job code with any correspondence!
about resolvit:
resolvit is an international technology consulting firm with industry-leading customers in the financial services, high tech, manufacturing, retail, life sciences, and government sectors. through its partnerships, resolvit delivers highly impactful, innovative solutions across five core areas: infrastructure modernization, application development services, enterprise data management & analytics, knowledge & content management, and strategic staffing.







