


careers center - junior data & reporting analyst /operations analyst














































please enable cookies to continue
please enable cookies in your browser to experience all the personalized features of this site, including the ability to apply for a job.







welcome page







returning candidate?

log back in!












junior data & reporting analyst /operations analyst


job locations

us-nc-morrisville

posted date

1 month ago



id

2017-1452


# of openings

1


category

trade operations









overview






 the trialcard reporting team is seeking intelligent, passionate and driven individuals to join our data & reporting solution delivery team. the candidate will be expected to deliver high-quality business intelligence and report consulting services to a broad range of pharmaceutical clients that range from small start-ups to fortune 50. the main focus of this position entails assisting pharmaceutical clients in understanding the effectiveness of their financial assistance programs (through data and reporting) designed to provide access to needed medications.  the data & reporting team provides ongoing support and insight to external clients, as well as to the internal sales and project management teams.  the data & reporting associate will provide leadership for the capture of data, the translation of it into information / reports, and the transmission of this knowledge into actionable decisions which further the goals of our clients.  the candidate must be an excellent communicator (both orally and written) and be able to effectively foster interactive collaboration and discussions among clients and internal trialcard teams. also, the associate must be able to present conclusions in a logical and clear manner and must be able to effectively work as part of a team. 








responsibilities






assist in the ongoing development of ad-hoc and standardized, production-level reports using microstrategy.gather requirements, analyze, create, and produce specialized presentations and reports that answer the business questions of our clients.conduct quantitative and statistical analyses that deliver valuable and actionable insights on clients’ pharmaceutical claims data.build reports in microstrategy using templates, documents and free form sql.track and manage trialcard’s suite of reports, both standard, custom and outgoing data feeds.identify additional data, reporting and analytic needs of pharmaceutical clients and scope work necessary to fulfill them.communicate with the account team on required deliverables and provide timelines and recommendations based on best practices and prioritize work by accounts as necessary.identify, define, and coordinate with other departments to connect our data and reporting to improve trialcard’s suite of products and services.develop new and innovative data, reporting and analytic products and services, as necessary.work with programming environments, sql, ssrs, excel and microstrategy platforms.any other tasks or projects as assigned by immediate supervisor.








qualifications






bachelor’s degree in math, statistics, economics, finance, computer science, engineering or similar discipline.solid technical writing skills; ability to clearly and completely articulate work to be done and describe tasks using proper terminology.experience interpreting data and presenting meaningful, client-ready business insights.demonstrated application of analytical skills.advanced excel and/or access skills. (e.g., vlookup, sumif, macros)knowledge of the pharmaceutical industry, direct marketing or finance highly desirable.this position is located in morrisville, nc. to qualify, applicants must be legally authorized to work in the united states, and should not require, now or in the future, sponsorship for employment visa status.





options

apply for this job onlineapplysharerefer this job to a friendrefer


sorry the share function is not working properly at this moment. please refresh the page and try again later.

share on your newsfeed





application faqssoftware powered by icimswww.icims.com









