







ux data analyst (contract) - epic games - careers






















this is going to be epic!
















already applied for a position with us?
log in
register




ux data analyst (contract)

cary, north carolina, united states
apply now

overview: for over 25 years, epic games has been making award winning games and game engine technology that empowers others to make visually stunning games and 3d content that brings environments to life like never before. epic’s award-winning unreal engine technology not only provides game developers the ability to build high-fidelity, interactive experiences for pc, console, mobile, and vr, it is also a tool being embraced by content creators across a variety of industries such as media and entertainment, automotive, and architectural design.  as we continue to build our engine technology and develop remarkable games, we strive to build teams of world-class talent.epic games is searching for a full-time contract (6 months) data analyst to work with our user experience team focused on epic's products. you'll work directly with the brightest technical minds in the business working on anything from investigating and fixing bugs to working with game designers on performance, hero, and game systems.the person in this role will be responsible for the following:writing and validating surveyscleaning, organizing, analyzing, and presenting survey datawriting hive queries to collect gameplay data of survey respondentsassisting in moderating and observing ux testscompiling observations from ux teststhe ideal candidate will have a mix of the qualifications below:experience with experimental design and testabilityworking knowledge of sql, sas/spss, or rpassionate about video games, must play mobas or rpgsadvanced excel userdemonstrated data reporting and presentation skillsability to prioritize work and demonstrate attention to detailstrong written and verbal communication skillsinterest in user researchcompleted courses focused on the following areas:probabilities and statistics intro or at least one statistics coursecalculus, multivar calculuslinear algebraanalysis of variance and regressionstochastic modelingfamiliar with unreal engine 4if you want to be a part of epic's user experience research lab, then we’d love to hear from you. please submit your resume and we’ll be in touch soon. this is going to be epic!#li2

apply now
connect with facebook
connect with linkedin
back to job list





benefits ::
epic games offers an outstanding benefits package to eligible employees:

epic paid medical and dental insurance for employees and dependents
epic paid life, accidental death & dismemberment and long term disability insurance
401(k) plan with generous match and profit sharing
vacation and sick leave are unlimited (with approval)
7 paid holidays (and we're closed the week between christmas and new year's day)
flexible work hours

note: the benefits listed here are for our domestic locations, international locations have various benefits in accordance with local labor laws and cultural norms.












©2004-2017, epic games, inc. all rights reserved. epic, epic games, the epic games logo, unreal, unreal engine, unreal tournament, and the unreal tournament 3 logo are trademarks or registered trademarks of epic games, inc. in the united states of america and elsewhere. other brands or product names are the trademarks of their respective owners.
learn about epic's game engine, unreal engine.

privacy noticeterms of use





