






















	careers at omnicell



















skip to navigation





site 'primary' navigation:solutionspharmacynursingperioperativematerials managementlong-term careinformation technologyhealthcare executivesproductscentral pharmacy automation systemsmedication managementhospital supply chain managementbusiness analytics solutionsmedication adherence solutionsservices and supporttraining programscustomer supportsuccess storiescustomer testimonialscase studiesclinical studiesdiversion centralthought leadership seriesnews and eventspress releasesin the newsmedia kiteventscareersjob searchview all opportunitiesour culturebenefitsfaqseeo statementabout omnicellmanagement teamboard of directorsinvestor relationspartnersenvironmental sustainabilitycontact us

site 'tertiary' navigation:blogcontact usclient login


search the site:


enter search keywords and submit


*









page 'breadcrumb' navigation:homecareers









careers












omnicell
inspired by care
since 1992, omnicell (nasdaq: omcl) has been inspired to create safer and more efficient ways to manage medications and supplies across all care settings. as a leader in medication and supply dispensing automation, central pharmacy automation, iv robotics, analytics software, and medication adherence and packaging systems, omnicell is focused on improving care across the entire healthcare continuum—from the acute care hospital setting, to post-acute skilled nursing and long-term care facilities, to the patient’s home.
over 4,000 customers worldwide use omnicell® automation and analytics solutions to increase operational efficiency, reduce medication errors, deliver actionable intelligence and improve patient safety. 
omnicell’s innovative medication adherence solutions, used by over 32,000 institutional and retail pharmacies in north america and the united kingdom, are designed to improve patient adherence to prescriptions, helping to reduce costly hospital readmissions. 
recent omnicell acquisitions, including ateb, add distinct capabilities, particularly in central pharmacy, iv robotics, and pharmacy software, creating the broadest medication management product portfolio in the industry.


data analyst ii ( etl)



description
data analyst ii
omnicell is seeking a data analyst ii to join our data team.  the position will have a multitude of responsibilities and growth opportunities and responsibilities such as documenting and communicating data and database design.  the position will manage data in new and sustaining environments in a postgres rbdms within the healthcare space.  the team environment combines knowledge from relational databases, etl process and software, data cleansing, and performance enhancements that can be gained in the way data is stored and prepared.  beyond a core foundation of oltp sql skills, there will be expectations and opportunities to develop reports, to work with cross-functional and cross-departmental teams, assist on data modeling with the data architects, create and maintain etls, create and maintain documentation
key responsibilities:
·         perform and participate in all aspects of data development requirements gathering, coding, unit testing, load and performance testing, and the development of operations and implementation tools with various cross functional teams in an agile/scrum based software development model.
·         develop logical and physical models to support not only new functionality, but the support and implementation of that functionality across clients.
·         will be responsible for data tasks accepted either individually or within the scope of a team.
·         regular tasks include etls, data cleansing, developing persistent data structures (tables and materialized views), documenting processes, and training operations and implementation.
required knowledge and skills:
·         strong sql skills with an emphasis on being able to review and understand data via er diagrams and exploratory queries.
·         strong analytical, design and problem solving skills. proactively solve problems and suggest improvements to data architecture.
·         excellent communication skills, experience of working with cross-functional teams representing the group.
·         strong knowledge of relational database management implementing a medium to large scale data solution.
·         three years of experience with rdbms such as postgresql, sql server, or oracle.
·         demonstrated knowledge of etl projects processing within a production system.
·         database or scripting experience within a unix/linux environment
basic qualifications:
·         bs degree 
·         3+ years of demonstrated work experience in database development 
preferred qualifications:
·         deep knowledge of database development with postgresql.
·         experience with etl tools such as redpoint, ssis, informatica, talend, etc.
·         java programming experience.
·         hadoop experience, including (but not limited to) spark.
·         healthcare industry experience in the area of hospital and retail pharmacy.
work conditions:
office environment.

nothing in this job description restricts management’s right to assign or reassign duties and responsibilities to this job at any time.
all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, sex, color, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, or on the basis of disability.
omnicell will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. however, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the contractor's legal duty to furnish information.




















are you a returning applicant?


if you've applied online with us before, we already have your information on file! login using your email address and password to update your profile and apply to this job instantly.















previous applicants:


email:





password:





if you do not remember your password click here.







back to search results


new search









site 'footer' navigation:
privacy policylegal noticeshipaa statementtermssitemapdesigned by pint



facebook
google+
twitter
linkedin
youtube

© 2015 omnicell, inc. all rights reserved.



























