

lgfcu - careers



























 











homeemployment listingsabout us



 

employment listingssearch current openingsupdate your profilecreate a job agentupdate job agentrecruiting agency login
  



your user session will timeout in 5 minutes.  please click ok to continue with your application.


















					reporting analyst
				


						tracking code
					

						ra 
					

						job description
					

about the position
the individual who excels in this position will be responsible for applying the principles of gaap to create financial reports and financial statements used by management and the board of directors, while ensuring accurate financial reporting throughout the organization by working closely with various departments and management.
 
normal day-to-day work

prepare monthly complex financial analysis and reports. draft annual, semi-annual, quarterly and monthly financial statements and forms.
prepare ncua call report and supporting documentation for quarterly submission.
keeps abreast of ncua regulations that apply to the call report in order to maintain up-to-date compliance. research and implement all changes per ncua.
assist in the implementation and development of corporate policies and procedures related to accounting standards.
perform special projects and ad-hoc reporting as new accounting and business requirements warrant, such as profitability assessments, internal and external reporting requirement and management presentations.
review expenses, accruals and other financial information; coordinate adjustments with accounting department.
assist with all financial audits and regulatory examinations.
design, build, and implement financial data reports to support reporting across the enterprise.
job qualifications

here are a few skills you must have to be qualified for this position.

a minimum of 3 years’ experience in financial accounting o data analysis.
good business and system analysis skills to understand the requirements needed for all applications.
excellent verbal, written, telephone and interpersonal communication
pc proficient including microsoft office (excel and access including formulas, pivot tables, vlookups, etc.) and the
ability to function in a commercial business office environment and use standard office equipment, including but not limited to: pc, copier, telephone,
ability to lift a minimum of 25 (file boxes, computer printer).
travel required on occasion.

 
here are a few qualities we’d like for you to have to make you more suited for this position

ba/bs in business, accounting, finance, mathematics, statistics, or other analytical field of study.
experience working in a financial institution preferred.
experience with sql based reporting tool, preferably sas enterprise guide.

 
about the lgfcu culture
if you are working here, or considering working here, you should know a little something about the lgfcu culture. we are a workplace that highly values the contributions of a diverse group of people. we believe if we put our heads and hands together, we can accomplish amazing feats for our members. to this end, we recruit bright, energetic and talented people to be members of our team. in return, we offer a dynamic work place that presents opportunities for advancement and learning new skills. we really believe that when our employees succeed, members win.
 
if you have questions about this position description, please feel welcome to ask.  you can reach our hr at:
lgfcu human resources
3600 wake forest road
raleigh, nc 27609 
careers@lgfcu.org


						job location
					

						raleigh, north carolina, united states
					

						position type
					

						full-time/regular
					





							apply
						











								share
							






















					return to job listings
				







© 2017  local government federal credit union. all rights reserved.
rate comparisons used throughout the lgfcu site are based on the
lowest rate available or when payment is made by automatic draft.
site map










