









job opportunities | careers















        for full functionality of this page it is necessary to enable javascript. 
        here are the 
        instructions how to enable javascript in your web browser



criminal analyst | careers page has loaded. 

criminal analyst | careers page has loaded. 








  click here or press any key to continue.






                        we updated our privacy policy and terms of use, effective december 12, 2017. view privacy policy and terms of use

×















menu







                close menu
            










                        careers
                    




 




job opportunities
                                        



class specifications
                                        



job alerts
                                        



help & support
                            



legal & privacy
                            









job opportunities




sign in












                don't have an account?
                create one.
            

                already have an account?
                sign in.
            








username
















                applications
                





                inbox
                





                profile
            




                account
            




                sign out
                after clicking on this link you will be logged out and the page will be reloaded.










welcome!
thanks for creating an account.













careers




powered by
neogov
®












                criminal analyst
            



print









                    apply
                







criminal analyst





                            salary
                            




$39,632.00 - $65,323.00 annually





                        location
                        




wake county, nc






job type


permanent full-time




department


dept of public safety






job number


17-13088









closing



                12/19/2017 5:00 pm eastern
            






description


benefits


questions






description of work
this position is available only to current employees of the north carolina department of public safety and persons with active rif rights with dps.to serve the department of public safety in the special operations and intelligence unit regarding the sharing, development, analysis and storage of data, in conjunction with correctional facilities, law enforcement agencies, and  community corrections and the section of prisons as well as juvenile justice.  coordinating intelligence gathering, analysis and dissemination regarding terrorists, criminal street gangs and security risk group (srg) members and their activity, at the department level as well as nation-wide. collect, analyze, store, and disseminate intelligence.  assist the director of special operations and intelligence unit with the administrative tasks of the opus mainframe network related systems, all associated databases and available intelligence related software.
knowledge, skills and abilities / competencies
this position involves creativity in the gathering and analysis of intelligence information, and developing processes for the dissemination of the data.  the incumbent must determine the scope and nature of specific intelligence data and devise an efficient method or plan to provide the data to the appropriate sources in a timely manner.  during this process, the incumbent must also be able to make adjustments to the plan based on new information received or if needed information is not being obtained with current methods.  imagination, persuasiveness, clear and concise reporting and briefing presentations are required to resolve these issues. this position requires the knowledge and expertise to utilize a variety of sources to gather intelligence information for use in the investigation of criminal acts and to prevent criminal acts.a comprehensive knowledge is needed of all applicable north carolina state statutes, federal law, dps and institutional policies, procedures and guidelines, investigations, and search and seizure and the handling of evidence.excellent writing and oral communication skills are necessary to effectively elicit and communicate intelligence to proper authorities, including proving testimony in state/federal court. confidentiality must be maintained so the integrity of the initiative, the position and the section is not jeopardized.
minimum education and experience requirements
graduation from a four-year college or university, preferably with a degree in criminal justice, sociology or closely related area, and four years of administrative or professional experience in criminal justice or law enforcement as it relates to the area of assignment; or completion of a two-year degree in criminal justice or closely related area, and five years of administrative or technical experience in criminal justice or law enforcement as it relates to the area of assignment; or completion of high school or equivalent and eight years of progressive administrative or technical experience in criminal justice or law enforcement as it relates to the area of assignment; or an equivalent combination of training and experience.
supplemental and contact information
the n.c. department of public safety (dps) is an equal opportunity employer and encourages qualified men and women to apply. dps uses the merit-based recruitment and selection plan to fill positions subject to the state personnel act with the most qualified individuals. hiring salary will be based on relevant qualifications, internal equity and budgetary considerations pertinent to the advertised position. online applications are only accepted through http://www.oshr.nc.gov/work-for-nc. to receive credit for all of your work history and credentials, you must list the information on the state of north carolina application. any information omitted cannot be considered for qualifying credit. resumes will not be accepted in lieu of the state application. applicants seeking veteran's preference must attach a dd form 214, certificate of release or discharge from active duty, along with your application. degrees must be received from appropriately accredited institutions.  if applying for a position certified through the north carolina department of justice-criminal justice standards division, refer to http://www.ncdoj.gov/about-doj/law-enforcement-training-and-standards/criminal-justice-education-and-training-standards/officer-certification-programs.aspx for specific certification requirements. due to the volume of applications received, we are unable to provide information regarding the status of your application over the phone.  to check the status of your application, please log into your account and click "application status."  if there are any questions specific to this posting, please contact human resources professional at 919-324-1128. answers to supplemental questions are not a substitute for providing all relevant information within the body of your application. in order to receive credit for the supplemental questions, you must provide supporting information within the body of the application to support your answers.  your application should also reflect all education and all professional work experience acquired, including high school and all degrees obtained. it is critical to our screening and salary determination process that applications contain comprehensive candidate information.make sure you have provided such information within the body of the application. information should be provided in the appropriate areas, to include the following: education, work experience, and certificates & licenses.the n.c. department of public safety (dps) is an equal opportunity employer and encourages qualified men and women to apply. dps uses the merit-based recruitment and selection plan to fill positions subject to the state personnel act with the most qualified individuals. hiring salary will be based on relevant qualifications, internal equity and budgetary considerations pertinent to the advertised position. online applications are only accepted through http://www.oshr.nc.gov/work-for-nc. to receive credit for all of your work history and credentials, you must list the information on the state of north carolina application. any information omitted cannot be considered for qualifying credit. resumes will not be accepted in lieu of the state application. applicants seeking veteran's preference must attach a dd form 214, certificate of release or discharge from active duty, along with your application. degrees must be received from appropriately accredited institutions.  if applying for a position certified through the north carolina department of justice-criminal justice standards division, refer to http://www.ncdoj.gov/about-doj/law-enforcement-training-and-standards/criminal-justice-education-and-training-standards/officer-certification-programs.aspx for specific certification requirements. due to the volume of applications received, we are unable to provide information regarding the status of your application over the phone.  to check the status of your application, please log into your account and click "application status."  if there are any questions specific to this posting, please contact human resources professional at 919-324-1128. answers to supplemental questions are not a substitute for providing all relevant information within the body of your application. in order to receive credit for the supplemental questions, you must provide supporting information within the body of the application to support your answers.  your application should also reflect all education and all professional work experience acquired, including high school and all degrees obtained. it is critical to our screening and salary determination process that applications contain comprehensive candidate information.make sure you have provided such information within the body of the application. information should be provided in the appropriate areas, to include the following: education, work experience, and certificates & licenses. 




 for permanent appointments:state of north carolina employees have the opportunity to participate in a compelling array of benefits to enhance their quality of life, their health, and their future. benefits include employee health insurance options, standard and supplemental retirement plans, nc flex (a variety of high-quality, low cost benefits on a pre-tax basis), and paid vacation, sick, and community service leave, to name a few.  some benefits require 30 + hours work/week for participation. to find out about these, and other programs, please visit our employee benefits page: https://oshr.nc.gov/state-employee-resources/benefitsfor temporary, contract or other supplemental staffing appointments:**there are no paid leave, retirement or other benefits associated with these appointment types.** 







01


this position is available only to current employees of the north carolina department of public safety and persons with active rif rights with dps. are you a current employee of the north carolina department of public safety or do you have active rif rights with dps?

yes
no





02


answers to supplemental questions are not a substitute for providing all relevant information within the body of your application. in order to receive credit for the supplemental questions that you answered, you must provide supporting information within the body of the application to validate your answer. your application should also reflect all education, work experience, jobs and certifications/licenses obtained. work experience must clearly demonstrate that you possess the knowledge, skills and abilities listed on the job posting. have you provided such information within the body of the application?

yes
no





03


are you dci certified?

yes
no





04


do you have a general instructor certification?

yes
no





05


which of the following describes your skill level in microsoft excel?

no skill or minimal skills with excel
beginner (create document, enter and edit text, sum, format)
intermediate (utilize functions, sort and filter lists, modify tables)
advanced (pivot charts, queries)





06


which of the following best describes your skill level in microsoft word?

no skill or minimal skills with word
beginner (create document, copy, paste, labels and envelopes)
intermediate (utilize styles, format sections)
advanced (create organization chart, insert chart, perform mail merge)





07


do you have experience with ms access?

no experience with access
advanced - i can program in access
i have done data entry in an access database




 required question
                        







agency
state of north carolina




address


                        note: apply to the department listed on posting


                        an equal opportunity employer, north carolina, state government.
                    





website


                        http://www.oshr.nc.gov/jobs/index.html
                    




 


                    apply
                



            your browser does not support the iframe feature, which is required by this web page.
        










                    job opportunities
                



                    account
                




copyright © 2017












careers


job opportunities










                support
            






sign in form is opened
job application


job details



applying as:

|

                    support
                




                close
            












                close
            







































