

lgfcu - careers



























 











homeemployment listingsabout us



 

employment listingssearch current openingsupdate your profilecreate a job agentupdate job agentrecruiting agency login
  



your user session will timeout in 5 minutes.  please click ok to continue with your application.


















					financial data reporting analyst
				


						tracking code
					

						fdra 
					

						job description
					

about the position
the financial data reporting analyst is a key member of the finance department and financial analytics team under the direction of the vp of investments and market strategy. the financial data reporting analyst is responsible for working with end users of data in the cfo division to assist in primarily implementation of reporting and analytical needs. an important part of this role is converting the design and creation of reporting and analysis into production-ready products for the end-users of financial analytics and reporting. this role will also utilize the sas business intelligence tools and microsoft sql business intelligence tool to optimize lgfcu business intelligence in support of actionable strategies that support the lgfcu balance sheet.
 
 
normal day-to-day work

participate in efforts to standardize and integrate reports and analysis common across the cfo division while ensuring all end-user needs are met in a consistent and timely fashion.
program and development in base sas, sas web portal, sas web reports studio, sas enterprise guide and mssql.
develop knowledge of finance processes and functions. becomes a subject matter expert.
leads research and troubleshoots data related issues.
provide feedback and suggestions to improve established policies, procedures, and/or methodologies.
work with users to determine reporting needs and utilize this knowledge to design and execute reporting and analysis.
interface with end-users across the cfo division to ensure inventory of standard reports and analysis are regularly updated, optimized and improved as strategies and business needs change.
design, build and implement financial data reports to drive business strategy. create dashboards to ensure end users have the appropriate information to drive business strategies and decisions.
work as a team member on projects that provide knowledge about business needs, characteristics, preferences, and behaviors based on qualitative and quantitative data.
collect data and perform statistical analysis and simulations to extrapolate descriptive, prescriptive and predictive business intelligence.
provide analytical and modeling support to various company optimization and utilization initiatives.
provide timely and accurate data and analytics to support decision making.

 
 
job qualifications
here are a few skills you must have to be considered for this position.

bachelor’s degree in business, information systems, statistics, computer science, economics, or related field with an emphasis on data analysis and data management.
minimum 1 to 3 years’ related experience working with relational or business intelligence database systems.
knowledge of sql and relational database concepts is required.
proficient in data analytics.
strong analytical and problem-solving skills are required.
ability to function in a consumer business office environment and utilize standard office equipment including but not limited to: pc, copier, telephone, etc.
ability to lift a minimum of 25 lbs. (file boxes, computer printer).
travel required sometimes

 
 
 
here are a few qualifications we’d like you to have to make you more suited for this position.

knowledge and experience using sas enterprise guide, sas bi dashboard, sas web report studio and sas information map studio are a plus.
advanced knowledge in excel is a plus.

 
 
about the lgfcu culture
if you are working here, or considering working here, you should know a little something about the lgfcu culture. we are a workplace that highly values the contributions of a diverse group of people. we believe if we put our heads and hands together, we can accomplish amazing feats for our members. to this end, we recruit bright, energetic and talented people to be members of our team. in return, we offer a dynamic work place that presents opportunities for advancement and learning new skills. we really believe that when our employees succeed, members win.
 
if you have questions about this position description, please feel welcome to ask.  you can reach our hr at:
lgfcu human resources
3600 wake forest road
raleigh, nc 27609
careers@lgfcu.org


						job location
					

						raleigh, north carolina, united states
					

						position type
					

						full-time/regular
					





							apply
						











								share
							






















					return to job listings
				







© 2017  local government federal credit union. all rights reserved.
rate comparisons used throughout the lgfcu site are based on the
lowest rate available or when payment is made by automatic draft.
site map










