



job application for marketing campaign analyst at republic wireless























          apply now
        
marketing campaign analyst

        at republic wireless
      
(view all jobs)

        republic wireless
      


republic is seeking a sharp and driven campaign analyst/ad trafficker to play a key role on our marketing and analytics teams.  we’re looking for a combination of analytical chops, experience with various ad exchanges, excellent communication skills, and the ability to execute.  the position will report to republic’s senior director of analytics.
required skills


strong working knowledge of excel


marketing campaign assessment in an e-commerce environment required


experience trafficking ads in doubleclick marketing suite, google adwords, and/or fb ad manager required


experience with google analytics and/or adobe analytics


working knowledge of sql preferred


track record demonstrating attention to detail, accuracy, and meeting deadlines


excellent problem solving skills


strong communication skills and demonstrated ability to work cross-functionally


strong understanding of digital advertising operations and industry


independent and self-motivated


required experience


bachelor’s degree required. preferred majors in:  math, economics, physics, computer science, marketing analytics, or other analytical subject area


1-2 years experience in a marketing/analytical role at an e-commerce company


track record of creating, executing, tracking, and evaluating online campaigns


comfort with ambiguity in a fast-paced environment


 







apply for this job

* required
        











(optional)

almost there! review your information then click 'submit application' to apply.



first name *



last name *



email *



phone



resume/cv


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 














cover letter


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 

















linkedin profile
    





website
    





how did you hear about this job?
    





address *






address 2
    





city *






state/province *






zip code/postal code *






country *






are you willing to relocate? *



--
yes
no


if yes, where would you be willing to relocate to?
    





are you authorized to work lawfully in the united states for republic wireless? *



--
yes
no


will you now or in the future require republic wireless to commence ("sponsor") an immigration case in order to employ you (for example, h-1b or other employment-based immigration case)?  *



--
yes
no


what is your desired salary? *






please list your most recent salary.  *






when is your desired start date? *

when would you be willing to start a new position?











 



share this job:    













powered by 

 
      read our privacy policy

















