




information analyst ii - portland, oregon - kaiser permanente jobs







































search


menu


home
about nw permanente
why work here?
northwest living
our locations
recentnews
browse jobs
















job opportunities




apply now

our locations

eugene, oregon
longview, washington
portland, oregon
salem, oregon
vancouver, washington


contact us

stay in touch

facebook
twitter
google+
linkedin
 


information analyst ii
northwest permanente (nwp) has an opening for an information analyst ii in our care delivery analytics department. the information analyst 2 position works in collaboration with kpit and business clients to define, design, document and build domain level information marts for purposes of supporting end user reporting and consistent business rule definitions.
job post date: 2017-12-01
office: kaiser permanente bldg
city: portland
state: oregon
description:
kaiser permanente is committed to helping shape the future of health care. as the largest integrated care delivery organization in the united states, kaiser permanente, founded in 1945, is recognized as one of america’s leading health care providers and nonprofit health plans. our mission is to provide high-quality, affordable health care services and to improve the health of our members and the communities we serve.
kaiser permanente northwest (kpnw)— made up of over 11,000 employees, more than 1,300 physicians and 150 dentists — provides and arranges medical care exclusively for health plan members. in the portland-vancouver area, kaiser permanente operates 34 medical offices and 2 hospitals. today, the northwest region serves more than 576,000 medical and 244,000 dental members whose care is largely provided by northwest permanente, p.c., (nwp) and permanente dental associates (pda).
northwest permanente (nwp) has an opening for an information analyst ii in our care delivery analytics department. the information analyst 2 position works in collaboration with kpit and business clients to define, design, document and build domain level information marts for purposes of supporting end user reporting and consistent business rule definitions.
major accountabilities

perform analyses on clinical quality issues as assigned.  design and execute analytic approaches.  interpret and synthesize findings into actionable recommendations.  communicate findings in a concise and understandable manner.  proactively identify and research key clinical quality issues by regularly analyzing trends.
provide analytical support to quality improvement teams.  participate fully in project management and completion.  work collaboratively with kpit to develop pst care gaps and kphc decision support to enhance quality and safety of patient care.
develop and maintain clinical performance measures and reporting systems to inform clinicians, staff, employers and members on current trends and performance relative to key clinical initiatives.  update regularly to ensure consistency with clinical protocols and external benchmarks.
participate in research, analysis, and remediation of moderately complex data issues that directly affect reporting and analysis.  work collaboratively with data teams to translate business information requirements into useful data sources.  contribute to the maintenance of essential technical documentation. 
continuously improve and expand technical and analytical skills through formal and informal training, as well as assignments. transfer knowledge and tools to clients through advice, informal and formal training and coaching activities. 

minimum requirements

bs/ba degree in a quantitative or technical discipline, or equivalent knowledge & experience
3 years analytical experience
proficiency in the use of sas and/or sql programming languages, cognos, or equivalent
proven ability to conduct, interpret, and present quantitative/qualitative analyses
proven skills in project management, including clear project plans and deliverables
strong interpersonal and communication skills.  be assertive, objective, and candid in advising clients on difficult issues.

preferred experience

advanced degree in a quantitative or technical discipline
experience as a healthcare analyst
previous experience with quality improvement and national benchmarks such as hedis
specific and broad knowledge of kpnw operations, kp healthconnect, including hyperspace, clarity and chronicles

 apply now










northern california
southern california
colorado
georgia
hawaii
mid-atlantic
permanente medical group


upcoming events
contact us
submit resume

news
privacy policy



facebook
twitter
google+


© 2017, northwest permanente, p.c.










