




analyst p&o business intelligence in portland - banfield pet hospital jobs
































skip navigation







menu


home
why banfield
career paths

connect with us

meet our team
connect with us


student programs









photo credit: jeff hinds


job description




search jobs
search jobs


keyword



search




match your skills




analyst p&o business intelligence
apply now
job id cen000vm location portland, oregon
summary of job purpose and functionthe analyst, business intelligence supports p&o and its internal partners by extracting meaningful insights from existing and new p&o data to drive an effective people strategy, applying statistical findings to layered p&o, financial, and operational data to support effective human capital planning,enhancing strategic usage of metrics.
essential responsibilities and taskslive and exemplify the five principles of mars, inc. within self and team.derive functional requirements from high-level business needs, understanding the question/problem and identifying the data needs and sources for various p&o effectiveness projects/processes.apply data analytics to provide valuable quantitative metrics needed to illustrate organizational challenges, measure efficiencies and return on investment on key p&o initiatives.maintain and promote excellent relationships, serving as liaison between business units, assisting with reporting and data generation, analysis and interpretation and user training as required.collaborate effectively and cooperatively with stakeholders, co-workers, vendors, and leadership to create new ideas for analytical solutions that solve internal business challenges, ensure data quality and improve data accessibility.identify and forecast trends, and ensure clear representation of data and workforce presentations to measure key p&o analytics.create business intelligence tools and reports, such as data models and dimensional analyses, composing technical documents in support of the development, implementation, and maintenance of bi systems.assist in the development of data marts/universes by scoping and gathering requirements from business users and working cross-functionally to deliver the end product.build and deliver well-crafted presentations of findings to educate stakeholders and partners on trends, challenges and opportunities run routine and ad hoc hr reports as requested such as quarterly and annual audits.other job duties as assigned.special working conditionsability to work at a computer for long periods of time.  project timelines and work volume / deadlines may often require more than 40 hours per week to complete essential duties of this job.must have mental processes for reasoning, remembering, mathematics and language ability (reading, writing, and speaking the english language) to perform the duties proficiently.ability to carry out instructions furnished in written, oral, or diagram form and to solve problems involving several variables.ability to stand, walk, stoop, kneel, crouch, and climb as well as manipulate (lift, carry, move) up to 50 pounds.requires good hand-eye coordination, arm-hand-finger dexterity with the ability to grasp, and visual acuity to use a keyboard and operate necessary equipment.the noise level in the work environment is normally moderate.environment where pets are present.experience, education and/or trainingbachelor’s degree in hr, finance, statistics, or systems preferred, or the equivalent combination of education, training and experience that provides the required knowledge, skills, and abilities.minimum three years experience in human resource analytics required.must have experience in hr data reporting and business objects reporting required.experience in high-level excel usage and standard statistical analysis required.experience in sql, cloud based analytics tools, and oracle hcm tools (oracle ebs or taleo enterprise edition) preferred. prefer health care background (veterinary or human healthcare, pharmaceutical, etc.).we are a drug-free, smoke-free, equal opportunity employer.company policy, federal and state laws forbid discrimination because of age, color,race, religion, sex, disability, sexual orientation or national origin.
apply now


banfield pet hospital job alerts
join our talent community and get notified about new jobs that match you!  in 30 seconds you can let banfield pet hospital know you're interested!






share this job:
links open in new window

facebook
linkedin
twitter
email









it's not just a job

at banfield, we know that pets are not just pets. they’re our friends. our support group. our partners in crime. pets are part of us. that’s why a job at banfield is not just a job. it’s an opportunity to care for and give back to the pets who mean the world to their people. 







photo credit: anne ryan
wellness and benefits
we offer programs designed to support our associates’ wellness and wellbeing. this includes a wide array of benefits that help you take care of yourself and your family.
learn more



photo credit: jeff hinds
career development
we’re committed to helping all of our associates achieve their career goals. from personal development plans to training and mentorship programs, we have the tools in place to help you succeed.
learn more



see inside our practice
visit our section on the muse for an insider’s look at our hospitals, and hear firsthand from our associates what it's like working for banfield.
learn more







social medial links

twitter
facebook
instagram
youtube
glassdoor
linkedin



terms
privacy
site map
mars
labor conditions applications

copyright © 2017 banfield pet hospital.












