intern blockchain analyst at smith + crownintern blockchain analystportland, orfull-timejob openingsintern blockchain analyst%button_apply_to_position% apply using linkedinintern blockchain analyst
smith+crown is a research group focused on cryptofinance and blockchain-based technologies. our mission is to analyze, apply, and share what we call the world’s most valuable information.
we are seeking a number of research interns to join us in portland, or.
you’ll work with many of the companies leading the industry, learning about one of the most complex and promising technologies of our times. daily responsibilities will vary and can include writing, reading, collecting and analyzing data, working on visuals and diagrams, and administrative tasks as needed.
we prize independence. interns will work on a couple dedicated projects, including one of their own design, while supporting other senior team members in various research initiatives.
if you’ve wanted to make a full shift to work on public blockchain technology, there’s not a better platform for it. you’ll learn from an experienced and respected team. your research will be at the cutting edge of the industry and your work will be broadcast to our network. high preforming individuals will have the opportunity to be considered for future full time positions.
come join our team in sharing insights about the emerging cryptofinance industry.
 
who are you?


you have been following the blockchain industry for at least 6 months and are familiar with its general progress. you know what tokens are and be able to talk knowledgeable about at least a few.


your background includes analytical work: taking a problem, breaking it down into component parts, giving them numbers, and building them back into a solution.


you have unique expertise in one of the following areas and familiarity in another: writing, data analysis (python preferred), or visual design.


you’re comfortable with minimal supervision in a dynamic environment. we’re a start-up in growth mode, and no two days will be the same.


 
requirements:


bachelor's degree or higher.


based in portland, or.



compensation
a stipend will be provided.

interested?
please submit a resume and cover letter explaining your interest, fit with smith + crown, and desired future in the industry; and a work sample or portfolio that demonstrates the quality of work you’d be contributing. applications can be submitted via this form, or by sending your materials here.
due to the high volume of applicants any materials received without a cover letter, or with a generic cover letter will not be considered.
%button_apply_to_position%%footer_powered_by%breezy