


        operations data analyst -        innovari -         job board
    

























 






view our website



view all jobs















thanks for visiting our job board. please review our open positions and apply to the positions that match your qualifications. 



operations data analyst


hillsboro, or                    

full time                

corporate                    

mid level                


















operations data analyst
 
who we are:
innovari is a technology platform company dedicated to serving the electric utility industry to provide a cleaner, more reliable and more efficiency energy future for all of mankind. innovari has created a unique, and first of its kind, advanced platform that is allowing utilities to build the grid of the future in partnership with their customers and communities. in today’s world, electricity is a fundamental human need and drives the success of everything we do every day. electric utilities have the daunting responsibility of operating the most complex machine man has ever built while enabling its evolution to include new distributed resources in partnership with their customers. innovari is their partner in this effort.
the innovari platform helps utility companies manage and deliver reliable, affordable energy in real time in a brand new way. the interactive energy platform™ (iep™) uses artificial intelligence, big-data analytics, proprietary optimization routines and deep knowledge of the utility business to optimize the entire energy value chain. innovari’s platform, which adds much-needed intelligence to both the generation and consumption side of the grid, behaves like a virtual power plant and securely sits alongside other regulated utility company assets and business models.
 innovari is excited to be working utility partners in nine countries and on four continents around the world. the company is headquartered in portland, oregon and has, multiple offices in the u.s. india, latin america and turkey. 
 
what you’ll do:
this position will work closely with members of the innovari operations team to manage data and perform data analytics to create visualizations of business operational data.  the role includes:

develop analysis and reporting capabilities
interpret data, analyze results, and provide ongoing weekly, monthly, and ad-hoc reports
develop and implement data bases, data collection systems, analytics and other strategies that optimize efficiency and quality
identify and analyze patterns or trends in complex data sets
filter and ‘clean’ data
identify new process improvement opportunities
workflow development
develop training materials

in addition to requirements in analytics and documentation on a project-by-project basis, this position will also assist with administrative and daily activities in support of pmo activities.  the successful candidate will be encouraged to help define and expand this role as well as supporting functions for innovari.
 
what we look for:

college degree in an applicable field
2 + years of similar / working experience
ability to work independently and meet deadlines in a fast-moving environment
excellent skills in:

excel
vba
sql language
postgres or mysql
cassandra
proficiency in power point


adept at queries, report writing, and presenting findings
adept at report automation
ability to mine and/or parse data from various sources:

rdbms
non-sql database
excel, access


excellent communication skills and writing experience in support of:

data reporting & presentation
data methodology, source, and tool documentation
training and presentation materials in support of data methodology


desired: experience in a field operations environment
desired: experience in a multi-location / multiple concurrent projects
desired: experience in building controls, energy management, or hvac operations

 

read more



apply for position








            apply for this position        
required*









apply with










first name*



last name*



email address*



address*
















phone*



resume*

attach resume
                    or
                    paste resume



                        attach resume as .pdf, .doc, or .docx (limit 2mb) or
                        paste resume


 




                            paste your resume here or
                            attach resume file









cover letter



in 150 characters or fewer, tell us what makes you unique. try to be creative and say something that will catch our eye!*

150


the following questions are entirely optional.

                        to comply with government equal employment opportunity / affirmative action reporting regulations, we are requesting (but not requiring) that you enter this personal data. this information will not be used in connection with any employment decisions, and will be used solely as permitted by state and federal law. your voluntary cooperation would be appreciated. learn more.
                    



gender

decline to answerfemalemale

 


race/ethnicity

decline to answerwhite (not hispanic)african american/black (not hispanic)hispanic/latinoasianpacific islanderamerican indiannative alaskannative hawaiianmulti-racial

 


veteran/disability status

decline to answerdisabled veteranspecial disabled veteranvietnam era veteran3 yr. recently separated veteran1 yr. recently separated veteranother protected veterandisabled individualnot applicable

 


submit application














×close
forward this position





recipient email address (one)



your name



your email address



enter a message (optional)
the message cannot contain links




human check*




















powered by















