




data scientist intern at nike inc






















skip navigation




shop


nike+













corporate careers
retail careers
benefits
locations
internships
temporary opportunities – u.s.



















nike careers
leave average in the dust
create, take risks and pursue greatness at nike.







data scientist intern
apply now

become a part of the nike, inc. team
nike, inc. does more than outfit the world's best athletes. it is a place to explore potential, obliterate boundaries and push out the edges of what can be. the company looks for people who can grow, think, dream and create. its culture thrives by embracing diversity and rewarding imagination. the brand seeks achievers, leaders and visionaries. at nike, it’s about each person bringing skills and passion to a challenging and constantly evolving game.
today, the opportunities for growth across nike’s business portfolio offer more potential than ever. nike finance employees play a key role in that progress by identifying and capitalizing on opportunities to drive value for every nike shareholder. they manage accounting and reporting for nike’s multi-billion-dollar global investment portfolio, debt and equity instruments, and other treasury activities. they strategize, forecast, audit, analyze, budget, research and lead important decisions. across nike’s diverse geographies and businesses, finance employees deliver far more than just the numbers.
description
        as a data science intern, you will collaborate with a team of data scientists and business analytics managers to enhance and execute high-impact advanced analytics solutions across the north america organization. you will employ advanced data modeling and forecasting techniques to explore strategic business opportunities and to prescribe actionable recommendations to leverage those opportunities. you will also play a pivotal role in elevating our advanced analytics solutions. ideal candidates will have a strong academic background as well as technical skills including applied statistics, machine learning, data mining, and software development. familiarity working with large-scale datasets and big data techniques is preferred.the role is perfect for a team player with very strong advanced analytics experience, drive, curiosity, and exceptional communication skills. you know how to rise above the numbers and explain the essential insights to business users, and you instinctively minimize complexity to focus on results. while you rely on data to prove your point, you love to think outside the box and solve problems creatively. you thrive in an entrepreneurial environment, and you are excited by the challenge of building something from the ground up.
        
        qualifications
currently enrolled in a masters or phd degree program in a quantitative degree (statistics, economics, advanced analytics, operations research, applied mathematics, decision sciences, computer science, etc.) with an expected graduation date in winter 2018 or spring 2019strong technical and analytical skillset (r, python, sql, tableau, predictive analytics, forecasting, machine learning etc.)proven ability to sift through data, identify critical information, develop hypotheses, perform rigorous analyses, and make recommendations to broader audiencesexcellent written and verbal communication skills, including superior presentation skillsprior experience synthesizing and packaging complex analyses and delivering results to non-technical audiences including senior leadership teamsdemonstrated ability to use data to influence strategic decision makingapplications due by feb. 12, 2017ur id: 46837619
nike, inc. is a growth company that looks for team members to grow with it. nike offers a generous total rewards package, casual work environment, a diverse and inclusive culture, and an electric atmosphere for professional development. no matter the location, or the role, every nike employee shares one galvanizing mission: to bring inspiration and innovation to every athlete* in the world.
nike, inc. is committed to employing a diverse workforce. qualified applicants will receive consideration without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, veteran status, or disability.
job id src-anadi-collegiate

apply now


still looking?
find the right career here.


search


keyword



location




radius
radius
5 miles
15 miles
25 miles
35 miles
50 miles



go






job recommendations
with just 1 click and a connection with linkedin, you can receive job listings that best match your previous positions.
match my jobs



share

email
linkedin
facebook
tumblr






job alerts
first namelast nameemail addressinterested insign up for job alerts by choosing a category and/or location. start typing for suggestions and click the button to add your alerts before submitting. you must have at least 1 alert added in order to subscribe.categorylocationaddfinance, beaverton, oregon, united statesremovecorporate services, beaverton, oregon, united statesremoveremove

confirm email









join our talent community
didn't find what you're looking for? submit your information for future consideration.
sign up






internships
get fully immersed in our culture of curiosity and innovation. start a corporate internship at nike.
learn more




innovation at nike
take a behind the scenes look at how nike employees shaped product and experiences for the biggest football tournament in the world.
learn more




benefits
as part of the world’s leading sports brand enjoy great benefits that fit, varied by position and location.
learn more




locations
employees in six continents and 53-plus countries make up one global nike team.
learn more








mobile

orders
stories
help



first

gift cards
find a store
sign up for email
join nike+



second

get help
order status
shipping and delivery
returns
payment options
contact us



third

news
about nike
careers
investors
converse careers
sustainable innovation
ca supply chains act




social





































united states © 2017 nike, inc. all rights reserved


guides

nikeid
running
basketball
nfl
golf
nike sprtswear
soccer
skateboarding
tennis
kids
flyknit
nike free
lunarion
dri-fit
nike zoom
tech pack
football
baseball
nike innovation
nike flyease
nike grind


terms & conditions
privacy policy
sitemap
ca supply chains act



nike, inc. is committed to employing a diverse workforce. qualified applicants will receive consideration without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, protected veteran status, or disability. nike is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodation to individuals with disabilities. if, because of a medical condition or disability, you need a reasonable accommodation for any part of the employment process, please call 503-671-4156 and let us know the nature of your request, your location and your contact information.
for more information, please refer to equal employment opportunity is the law.













