








 




careers - the portland clinic









































































about us
contact us
blog


mychart login












 














toggle navigation


















doctors
specialties
locations
patient resources

























 


doctors
specialties
locations
patient resources




about us
careers


contact us
blog


media resources



mychart login

















jobs at the portland clinic
apply for a rewarding career with us today.













epic business intelligence analyst


pay range:
28.81 - 40.33


location:
south office - portland, oregon


job code:
1063


# of openings:
1



description
the portland clinic
job description

job title: epic business intelligence analyst
supervisor: epic clinical manager
hours per week: variable/exempt
department: information technology

the following information is designed to outline the essential functions and position requirements of this job. it does not identify all tasks that may be expected, nor address the performance standards that must be maintained.

primary function: to analyze, provide specifications for, and write individual reports.

duties and responsibilities: (*essential functions)
1. validate model system reports and identify advanced reporting needs with report consumers.*
2. meet with application coordinators and report consumers to understand their reporting needs.*
3. create design specifications for new reports.*
4. identify and validate the appropriate technological solutions for various reporting needs.*
5. create new reports, using a third-party report writing tool, to display clarity data.*
6. modify existing reports, as necessary.*
7. perform data analysis and data validation to ensure accurate reporting results.*
8. serve as a knowledge and reporting resource in various reporting initiatives, including but not limited to meaningful use, pcpch, cpci, and pqrs.
9. design, develop and maintain efficient sql code.*
10. develop and utilize query and reporting standards to ensure a high degree of consistency surrounding layout and usability of reports.*
11. coordinate with users, technical analyst, and database administrators to monitor system data integrity and to coordinate corrections to either the data, or resulting queries and reports.*
12. collaborate with application analysts to build reports specific to functional area.
13. receive, analyze, and resolve helpdesk requests.*
14. coordinate the timely delivery and distribution of queries and reports.*
15. analyze and develop access strategies to ensure high-availability end-user generated reporting which will not negatively impact system response time.
16. documents systems processes and procedures.*
17. participate in project planning as a member of the it department.
18. assist project manager with other tasks as needed.
19. champion the project, provide support in the ongoing implementations, optimizations, and upgrades.
20. participate as an active team member in a patient-centered medical home.
21. work respectfully and collaboratively in a team environment with a spirit of cooperation.*
22. attend work regularly as scheduled.*
23. other tasks as assigned.

education/licenses required:
associates degree in information services or a related is or healthcare field or an equivalent combination of education and relevant experience.

experience/qualifications required:
2 years business intelligence analyst experience or 1 year relevant healthcare experience with 1 year business intelligence analyst experience.

education/licenses preferred:
bachelor’s degree in information systems or a related is or healthcare field.
previous epic system experience
epic certification

experience/qualifications preferred:
demonstrated hands-on experience producing business or clinical report documents from source databases
direct experience in healthcare environments, especially ambulatory
comfort with relational database concepts
familiarity with report writing tools, including clarity, crystal reports, epic reporting workbench, and/or sap business objects
familiarity or aptitude to learn epic applications and database structure
ability to gain an in-depth understanding of the data model
strong communication skills
critical thinking and an analytical mind
prior experience working in a healthcare environment, including use and experience supporting an ehr system
ability to adapt to a changing environment, problem solve, and develop solutions
ability to translate user requirements into functional and design specifications
strong organization, time management, project management, and negotiation skills
proficient in ms office
ability to work independently and manage multiple conflicting priorities
attention to detail.



















are you a returning applicant?












previous applicants:


email:





password:





if you do not remember your password click here.




back to search results


new search









stay updated

get the latest health news from the portland clinic















doctors
specialties
locations
patient resources







about us
contact us
careers
blog
media resources
the portland clinic foundation
mychart






© 2016 the portland clinic 503-221-0161





































