



data integrity specialist (nadm03)
















































create a profile|log in







 











yes
no


















show details













apply now

terms of use





                    refer job:
                        








 add to saved jobs






back




data integrity specialist (nadm03)university mission:  concordia university is a christian university preparing leaders for the transformation of society.   position summary   do you enjoy auditing data? can you spend your day working in various software applications verifying the data that flows through, assisting with reports and actively testing applications? if so, concordia university has a data integrity specialist position for you to consider! the data integrity specialist performs a number of support functions to assist in the overall operation of the office of admissions operations with regard to maintaining complete and accurate data, identifying data issues in various admission systems, and resolving issues that may arise in regards to maintained data.  the data integrity specialist must exercise discretion and good judgement with respect to matters involving general data maintenance of the institution including determining the source of data errors, correcting individual records, and fixing ongoing data errors. the role is subject ferpa regulations as it relates to maintaining security and confidentiality of student educational records.       minimum education and experience requirements     bachelor’s degree in a related field     experience with software testing     2-3 years’ experience with salesforce and banner       position title   data integrity specialist     department   admissions operations     reports to   director of data operations and management     flsa status   non-exempt     position number   nadm03     salary grade   grade 3     primary work location   portland campus     work schedule   monday – friday, 8:00 am – 4:30 pm, occasional weekends     employee classification   05 – staff, full-time, non-exempt     fte    1.0 – full-time        essential duties and responsibilities     systems integration audits · audit data flowing from student facing applications into customer relationship management (crm) database for accuracy and validity · review daily data loads into university’s erp (banner) through third party software · troubleshoot errors in conjunction with data analyst, compliance specialist, and directors · recommend updates to applications to minimize ongoing errors and to ensure data is flowing between systems correctly · monitor salesforce api connectors and notify directors of issues preventing data to flow between systems   30%     report maintenance · maintain, monitor, and suggest changes to existing reports to ensure the report is accurate and effective for use · develop reports that can be used to audit data in the various areas of the enrollment lifecycle  · collaborate with other offices across campus that collect and enter student data to ensure accurate data that is useful for research and reporting · develop and recommend new reports and dashboards for departmental stakeholders from banner, crm, or other databases used across campus · improve efficiency and accuracy by suggesting reports, changing reports, suggesting automation to processes, and suggesting changes to processes · collaborate with institutional research, registrar, financial aid, and third party vendors to learn processes and data collection methods. · recommend procedural changes that improve the quality of our data as needed and in a collaborative manner.   30%     data maintenance and auditing · end of term file justification for all students including review of data in all systems, file completion, and satisfactory submission of all required admission documents. · audit crm data entry via dashboard reports to ensure data collected is accurate and correctly entered · research data issues and apply changes in applicable systems to correct historical data issues · assist with data loads in crm and banner as requested by directors and data analyst · assist admission compliance specialist with daily and weekly report writing, auditing, and updating   30%     testing applications · assist directors and data analyst with testing applications such as admission applications, and various request information forms · create test applications to validate changes to applications have been made correctly and are functioning properly · coordinate and communicate with stakeholders on test results and next steps to complete testing   10%       work contacts   work contacts occur in person, via telephone, and via email. contacts include but are not limited to, immediate peers, immediate management team members, non-university partner organizations and members of other university departments.       scope of work   span of control includes the activities and tasks that are assigned in support of the operations of the office of admission. may set priorities and organize work within general guidelines established by direct supervisor.  this role is non-supervisory and does not hold financial responsibilities. work progress and quality is reviewed by direct supervisor.       working conditions   work is performed in an office setting on the crc or main portland campus. noise exposure is generally considered low.       minimum physical requirements     tolerance to prolonged static positioning such as extended periods of sitting/standing at a computer station.      prolonged exposure to and use of computers, monitors, and related peripherals.     tolerance to repetitive motions including keyboarding and frequent use of a computer mouse.     able to visually inspect records and interpret information.      ability to handle and manipulate paper, letters, and correspondence.     ability to lift, pull, grasp, stoop and reach within an office environment. ability to operate standard office equipment including copiers, telephones and handheld equipment.       preferred education and experience requirements     experience in a report writing and/or data entry role     experience with third party salesforce applications     experience with sql and soql a plus     experience with electronic data transfer systems and processes       minimum requirements (knowledge, skills and abilities)     general knowledge of and the ability to use relational databases and erp systems including integration of self-service, learning management systems, microsoft office suite products, and audit systems in a complex university setting.     able to apply critical thinking skills to solve problems and use good judgement.     strong attention to detail and organizational skills.     possess a high aptitude for understanding and following complex processes and processing a large volume of information.     understanding of ferpa regulations and student privacy. able to maintain confidentiality and discretion.     excellent interpersonal and communication (oral and written) skills. able to interact appropriately with diverse constituencies, including staff, faculty and administrators.      able to effectively contribute to and foster collaboration when working on teams and committees with internal staff, other university departments, and external agencies.     able to maintain professionalism and composure in a fast paced environment with multiple demands.       pre-employment screening requirements     criminal background check    







send to a friend










  
                                    please wait...






email this job ad to your friend(s) by adding their email address(es) along with your details to the field below:   *separate each recipient email address with a comma.

recipient email address(es):
                                            
                         
                

your first name:
 
                                                                                    
                

your last name:
                                              
                          
                
select which language the email should be sent in.

language:









send


















 










						this job opening is already listed as one of your interests. you cannot add the same job opening to your list of interests more than one time.

to see your list of interests, navigate to the application status tab within my profile
					

























account warning













log in
cancel
ok





















concordia is accredited by the northwest commission on colleges and universities, affiliated with the lutheran church-missouri synod, and a member of the concordia university system. concordia university is a private, non-profit christian liberal arts university.
contact | privacy statement | © 2016 concordia university. all rights reserved.









