









job opportunities | oregon job opportunities















        for full functionality of this page it is necessary to enable javascript. 
        here are the 
        instructions how to enable javascript in your web browser



ohit research analyst (research analyst 4) | oregon job opportunities page has loaded. 

ohit research analyst (research analyst 4) | oregon job opportunities page has loaded. 








  click here or press any key to continue.






                        we updated our privacy policy and terms of use, effective december 12, 2017. view privacy policy and terms of use

×















menu







                close menu
            










                        oregon job opportunities
                    




 




oregon jobs home
                                        



job opportunities
                                        



internal postings
                                        



volunteer/internships
                                        



veterans
                                        



class specifications
                                        



job interest card
                                        



help & support
                            



legal & privacy
                            









job opportunities




sign in












                don't have an account?
                create one.
            

                already have an account?
                sign in.
            








username
















                applications
                





                inbox
                





                profile
            




                account
            




                sign out
                after clicking on this link you will be logged out and the page will be reloaded.










welcome!
thanks for creating an account.













oregon job opportunities




powered by
neogov
®












                ohit research analyst (research analyst 4)
            



print









                    apply
                







ohit research analyst (research analyst 4)





                            salary
                            




$57,180.00 - $83,724.00 annually





                        location
                        




portland, or






job type


permanent




department


oregon health authority-office of health information technology






job number


oha17-0617









closing



                12/26/2017 11:59 pm pacific
            






description


benefits


questions






description
   if you previously applied under announcement number oha17-0363 and qualified, you need not reapply. your name will automatically be added to the list of qualified candidates for this recruitment.the oregon health authority is modernizing and expanding their health it infrastructure and currently has a fantastic opportunity for an experienced research analyst to join an excellent team and work to advance their health it operations. the oregon health authority promotes health equity by developing policies and programs to eliminate health disparities and reach health equity for all oregonians. what you will do!the primary purpose of this position is to provide analytical support for a broad spectrum of health reform and quality improvement activities related to health information technology and health information exchange. in this role, the analyst will work with meaningful use attestation data, electronic health record adoption and utilization data, survey data, clinical quality metrics data and other cross-office and agency data to produce timely and relevant reports and other deliverables to support health policy and analytics priorities, and broader health system transformation activities.  this person will collaborate and work closely with research and database analysts and program staff across health policy and analytics, including the office of health analytics and the office of health information technology. this person will also collaborate with other agencies, vendors, contractors, and stakeholders. the analyst must exhibit strong interpersonal skills and poise to work directly with senior leaders and stakeholders as is necessary to foster strong, supportive relationships. the position requires a strong ability to clarify and prioritize tasks in order to effectively navigate a challenging and fast-paced work environment with a broad array of stakeholders. this position will be responsible for generating and explaining data collection, as well as planning and managing complex analytical and statistical research projects using quantitative and qualitative analysis. this position will (a) apply statistical analyses and employ methods that prove reliability, validity, and utility of data and measures; (b)  provide written and oral assessments that describe the benefits, costs, strengths and weakness of different methodological approaches from a variety of final information users' perspectives and analyze tables, graphs, charts, and other statistics to arrive at conclusions about the data; and (c)write summary reports of research findings, including summary tables, graphs, and charts. specific tasks may include the compilation of data across sources, production of regular data reporting for monitoring the health information technology and health information exchange environment, including its implementation and utilization across oregon to meet oversight, federal reporting, internal management, and public consumption requirements. other tasks include collaborating with program staff on the development, implementation, and analysis of provider surveys. this role plans, leads, and manages the development, implementation, and evaluation of major research or complex data analysis projects. they plan and design the research methods, establish procedures to assure the quality of the data and approve the results. this position will consult and collaborate closely with other lead staff about research needs, findings and conclusions. the independent judgement exercised, the proficiency needed to complete research and analytic work, the size and nature of the research projects, and project management distinguishes this class from the lower levels.what's in it for you?collaboration in an open office with a team of bright individuals to work with and learn from. we offer full medical, vision and dental with paid sick leave, vacation, personal leave and ten paid holidays per year. if you are an experienced research analyst, don't delay, apply today!  this is a full-time, permanent position that is classified and represented by a union. this position will be located in portland at 421 sw oak street but will be required to work in salem up to two days per week.this recruitment announcement will be used to establish a list of qualified candidates to fill the current vacancy and may be used to fill future vacancies as they occur.the oregon health authority is an equal opportunity, affirmative action employer committed to work force diversity.
qualifications, required & requested skills
minimum qualifications:a bachelor's degree in any disciplines that included six-quarter units in statistics or quantitative analysis methods and procedures, and three years of experience using computerized applications to independently gather, compile, and analyze data and prepare narrative or statistical reports. two of the three years must have included coordinating complex research projects. or  five years of research experience using computerized applications to independently gather, compile, and analyze data and prepare narrative or statistical reports. two of the five years must have included coordinating complex research projects. additional requirements:  experience in using trends such as social, economic, or industrial to do analytical research.	experience using advanced statistical or quantitative analysis computer applications.	college-level course work in advanced statistics or quantitative analysis that includes such methods as multiple regression, factor analysis, analysis of variances, and discriminate analysis.note: transcripts are required to be attached to your application if you are using education or coursework to meet the minimum qualifications. transcripts must be from an accredited institution and clearly show 1) your name; 2) the name and address of the institution; 3) the degree received; 4) conferred date; and 5) required courses completed with a passing grade. for application purposes, photocopies are acceptable; however official or original documents may be requested to validate education. requested skills: experience with data management and statistical software, such as, spss, sas, business objects and/or arcgis.	experience with data visualization techniques.	ability to navigate complex data systems and analyze large data sets, including the state's medicaid meaningful use, medicaid management information systems (mmis), medicaid assistance provider incentive repository (mapir), clinical quality metrics registry, and provider survey data.	demonstrated knowledge of and experience with statistical software; research methods; project management; and producing effective written reports and visual displays of information.	experience working with data aggregation vendors, various committees, and representatives of ccos, health plans, and other external partners.	ability to work across oregon health authority programs and with external stakeholders to ensure accurate and clear data are gathered and reported that will guide standards for reporting for oregon and the united states federal government.	three or more years of experience leading data analytics projects beyond an educational environment.	extensive knowledge of computer query and reporting tools and database design.	experience with survey development, implementation, tracking, and data management and analysis.	experience with medicaid and/or medicare programs; health care delivery system; and/or health care policy, including oregon's healthcare transformation initiatives and priorities.	experience and in-depth knowledge of state/federal initiatives related to health information technology/health information exchange, including but not limited to meaningful use programs, electronic health records, and clinical quality metrics.	knowledge of and/or experience with clinical quality metrics registries or data.	a bachelor's degree plus three years of experience in social research, quantitative/qualitative analysis and quality assurance or an appropriate combination of education and experience in a related field.	experience in promoting a culturally competent and diverse work environment.applicants that meet the minimum qualifications and most closely match the requested skills will be invited for an interview.
additional information
application instructionsto apply, please follow these steps. complete the application. we will not accept a resume or position description in place of a completed application. because of the volume of applications we receive, we do not review any attachments that we do not ask for.	the work experience and/or education section of your application must clearly demonstrate how you meet all of the minimum and special qualifications listed above. if it does not, we are required to disqualify it.	complete the supplemental questions. answers to the supplemental questions must be substantiated with the experience you listed in the work experience section of the application. if you say you have 10 years of experience in customer service, but don't show 10 years of experience in the application, you may be disqualified.please submit the following with your online application:a cover letter (in pdf format) that clearly addresses each of the requested skills listed above by providing specific examples and explaining your role and level of responsibility for each. please name the cover letter file: cover letter oha17-0617. your cover letter must address each of the requested skills as listed in the announcement above. if you do not attach a cover letter, or you do not respond to each of the requested skills, you may not be offered an interview. qualified applicants whose background most closely matches the requested skills will be invited to interview. if you attach a resume (which is not required) it will not replace the work experience portion of your application. the work experience portion of your application must show how you meet the minimum qualifications of the position.caution: if you fail to follow these instructions, your application will be disqualified. incomplete or late applications will not be considered.pre-employment checksif you are offered employment, the offer will be contingent upon the outcome of an abuse check, criminal records check and driving records check, and the information shall be shared with the oregon health authority (oha), office of human resources (ohr). any criminal or founded abuse history will be reviewed and could result in the withdrawal of the offer or termination of employment.veterans informationif you are an eligible veteran and wish to claim veterans' preference points and you also meet the minimum qualifications for this position, the points will be added to your score. to receive veterans' preference points you must attach the following required documentation to your electronic application.> a copy of your dd214/dd215 form; or a letter from the us dept. of veterans affairs indicating you receive a non-service connected pension for the five (5) point preference.> a copy of your dd214/dd215 form; and a copy of your veterans' disability preference letter from the dept. of veterans affairs for the ten (10) point preference.for more information on veterans' preference points visit www.oregonjobs.org, and select veterans' preference.need help?if you need assistance to participate in the application process, you are encouraged to call noah pokorny at 503-945-6970 (voice) 8:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. (pacific time) monday through friday. tty users please use the oregon telecommunications relay service: 1-800-735-2900.for technical support, please call toll free 1-855-524-5627, for customer service assistance. please consider joining us!the oregon health authority (oha) includes most of the state's health care programs, including public health, health policy and analytics, health systems division, and oregon state hospital. incorporating the state's health care programs within one agency gives the state greater purchasing and marketing power to begin tackling the issues of cost, quality, and access to care.oha strives to create inclusive environments that welcome and value the diversity of the people we serve. oha fosters fairness, equity, and inclusion to create workplace environments where everyone is treated with respect and dignity regardless of race, color, religion, sex, disability, physical stature, age, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, political affiliation and any other factor applicable by state or federal law.




core benefitsmedical, vision and dental insurance comprehensive medical, dental and vision plans for the employee and qualified family members $5,000 in employee basic life insuranceretirement benefits  membership in the public employees retirement system (pers)/oregon public service retirement plan (opsrp) employer paid defined benefit and defined contribution programs**effective november 1, 2016, seiu represented employees who are public employee retirement system (pers) participating members will have their base salary increased by 6.95%. upon becoming a pers participating member, seiu employees pay the employee 6% contribution to pers.paid leaves and other benefits  sick leave earned at the rate of 8 hours per a month with no maximum accumulation vacation leave earned at a minimum rate of 8 hours per month with accrual rate increases at 5-year increments 24 hours personal leave earned each fiscal year ten paid holidays a yearthe state also provides access to an innovative employee assistance program that offers work-life counseling, along with homeowner, legal and family resources. optional benefits  term life (employee, spouse or domestic partner, and dependents long-term and short-term disability accidental death and dismemberment long-term care (self and eligible family members) flexible spending accounts option to enroll in the oregon savings growth plan, a deferred compensation program offering a wide variety of investment options.the following information describes typical benefits available for employees. actual benefits received may differ by position or branch of government or be prorated for other than full time work. 







01


which of the following best describes your highest related level of education?

high school diploma or equivalent
some college coursework, no degree received
associate's degree
associate's degree and additional coursework
bachelor's degree
bachelor's degree and additional coursework
master's degree
master's degree and additional coursework
doctorate degree
doctorate degree and additional coursework
none of the above





02


if you selected "some college coursework, no degree received" or "degree and additional coursework" in question 1, how many upper division (300 level or higher) credit hours have you completed?  select the quarter/semester hours that best describe your completed coursework. if you did not, enter n/a.

n/a
4 quarter hours/3 semester hours
8 quarter hours/5 semester hours
12 quarter hours/8 semester hours
16 quarter hours/11 semester hours
20 quarter hours/13 semester hours
24 quarter hours/16 semester hours
28 quarter hours/19 semester hours
32 quarter hours/21 semester hours
36 quarter hours/24 semester hours
40 quarter hours/27 semester hours
44 quarter hours/29 semester hours
45-68 quarter hours /30-45 semester hours
69-95 quarter hours /46-63 semester hours
96-143 quarter hours /64-95 semester hours
144-191 quarter hours /96-127 semester hours
192-239 quarter hours /128-159 semester hours
240 or more quarter hours /160 or more semester hours





03


if you selected "some college coursework, no degree received" or "degree with additional coursework" in question 1, please identify the focus of your upper division (300 or higher) coursework. if you did not, enter n/a.






04


which of the following best describes the focus of your degree?

mathematics/statistics
economics
behavioral science
social science
business
other related degree
my degree is not related
i do not have a degree





05


if you selected "other related degree" in question 4, please identify the focus of your degree.  if you did not, enter n/a.






06


did your education include at least six quarter/four semester units in statistics or quantitative analysis methods and procedures?

yes
no





07


which of the following best describes your level of research experience using computerized applications to independently gather, compile, and analyze data and prepare narrative or statistical reports?

less than 6 months
6 to 11 months
12 to 17 months
18 to 23 months
2 years
3 years
4 years
5 years
6 years
7 years
8 years
9 years
10 years or above
none of the above





08


out of the months/years you selected in question 7, which of the following best describes your level of experience coordinating complex research projects?

less than 6 months
6 to 11 months
12 to 17 months
18 to 23 months
2 years
3 years
4 years
5 years
6 years
7 years
8 years
9 years
10 years or above
none of the above





09


transcripts: 
transcripts are required to be attached to your application if you are using education or coursework to meet the minimum and/or special qualifications. transcripts must be from an accredited institution and clearly show 1) your name; 2) the name and address of the institution; 3) the degree received and; 4) required courses completed with a passing grade. for application purposes, photocopies are acceptable; however official or original documents may be requested to validate education. 

veteran's preference points: 
if you are requesting veteran's preference points, you must attach the necessary documentation to receive the credits. if you do not, points will not be provided. 

work experience:
the work experience section of your application must include a clear description of your experience in order to determine if you meet the required skills (minimum and special qualifications) and at what level you meet the requested skills (desired attributes). your answers to supplemental questions about your specific experience must also be supported in the work experience statements in your application form or, if requested, your resume. supplemental materials such as cover letters and/or a resume will not be reviewed or used to determine candidates' qualifications unless the posting specifically states those materials are required from applicants.

supplemental questions:
your answers to the supplemental questions may be reviewed to help determine if you meet the required skills and how you meet the requested skills for the position to which you have applied. this review may include an automated scoring process and/or a manual review of all or some of the responses. 

note: the specific questions and scoring process used is determined by each hiring authority. only those individuals who meet the required skills and most closely match the requested skills will be invited to an interview.  

have you demonstrated your work experience in your answers and attached all necessary documents?

yes
no





10


are you a current employee with the oregon health authority (oha)? this includes regular status, trial service and limited duration employees. oha temporary, volunteer and contract employees are not included.]

yes, i am a current trial service, regular status or limited duration employee with oha.
no, i am not a current employee with oha.





11


from the following list, please indicate where you first learned about this job opportunity (only include the state's job page if that's where you first became aware of this job). the data helps us track where applicants first see information regarding specific positions.

career builder
craigslist
friend
linkedin
partners in diversity
oha hr e-mail listserv
oregon.gov/jobs (state of oregon's jobs page)
state of oregon job interest card
worksource oregon/i-match skills/oregon employment department
indeed
other





12


if you selected "other" in the previous question, please indicate where you first learned about this job opportunity.  if you selected any of the above, enter "na."






13


if you are a veteran, what was your mos/afsc/rating?





 required question
                        







agency
state of oregon




address


                        note: locations vary by agency/department


                        salem, oregon, 97301.
                    





phone

agency/department contact information                        





website


                        http://www.oregon.gov/jobs/pages/recruiters.aspx
                    




 


                    apply
                



            your browser does not support the iframe feature, which is required by this web page.
        










                    job opportunities
                



                    account
                




copyright © 2017












oregon job opportunities


job opportunities










                support
            






sign in form is opened
job application


job details



applying as:

|

                    support
                




                close
            












                close
            







































