















research associate


location:
portland, or


department:
technolgy & telecommunications industry


job code:
851


# of openings:
1



description
research associate - market research 
market strategies international is seeking a research associate to join our technology & telecommunications team. preferred office locations for this role are portland, or,  little rock, ar, or livonia, mi.
research associates provide research support to market research teams, primarily performing a mix of quality assurance (qa) and analytical tasks.  tasks may include drafting of charts and graphs for client deliverables, checking data for accuracy, preparing specifications for programmers and completing report templates.  in addition, research associates may assist research managers in the coordination of internal and external resources. 
responsibilities:

with guidance from analysts, complete tasks associated with study design and execution in a timely fashion with a high degree of quality.
prepare charts and graphs for client reports that depict quantitative data and/or qualitative concepts gathered during market research studies. 
check data for accuracy. 
other formatting tasks such as preparing specs for the programming of questionnaires, formatting excel charts, formatting graphics.
populate report templates.
assist research managers in designated tasks that might include resource management, entering project detail into internal systems, or incentive management.

qualifications:

must have a bachelor degree in a related field. advanced degree preferred.
prior internship or 1 year work experience in business, market analysis, or market research preferred.
academic and/or practical experience with survey or market research methodologies preferred.
must demonstrate knowledge of basic statistics, research procedures, and survey methodology.
successful completion of coursework in graduate-level statistics and survey methodology helpful.
must be proficient in ms office (word, excel, and powerpoint). 
proficiency in data analysis packages (e.g. spss, sas) preferred.
advanced-level excel skills, including the use of macros, pivot tables, and other advanced functions are highly desired. 
must be able to handle multiple project assignments simultaneously.
must have excellent use of time management.  
must show strong organizational skills and attention to detail.
must be self-motivated, and possess a desire to work with data and numbers. 
must exhibit high ethical standards.
must have above average communication skills  (written and verbal).
must have ability to work effectively within a team-oriented, highly collaborative environment.

eeo/aa employer m/f/v/d

























previous applicants:


email:





password:





if you do not remember your password click here.




back to search results


new search








