


        data coordinator -        blueocean market intelligence -         job board
    

























 






view our website



view all jobs















great intelligence requires knowledgeable and experienced people who are familiar with our client's industry and the challenges they face every day. it takes attention to detail, a commitment to uncovering insights that inspire action and a relentless focus on doing things right the first time.truly, blueocean market intelligence's greatest strength lies within our people. our depth of knowledge, ingenuity and the way we work as one seamless, integrated, goal-oriented team allows us to inspire creativity in those with whom we interact.so, whether you are just beginning your career in analytics, market research or digital, or bringing a wealth of expertise, you will discover that we offer an exciting blend of cultures, experiences and professional rewards.if you meet our position requirements and can see yourself at blueocean market intelligence, we invite you to apply. 



data coordinator


portland, or                    

full time                

data analytics, digital analytics                    

mid level                


















responsibilities:

facilitate the collection, management, extraction and organization of marketing data from multiple source systems, in order to enable the reporting, analysis and insights functions in the region.
create and manage data extraction, transformation and delivery processes which enable campaign analysts and other stakeholders to perform their analysis.
partner and coordinate with marketing and analytics teams and other organizations within client to connect online and offline data, in order to enable consistent regional and global reporting and analysis programs.
proactively sharing data collection best practices across the regional marketing teams in predefined reporting templates and formats.
drive data governance across data sources, work with agencies on an intake model.
coordination of work with the agencies, sharing and adjusting the data collection templates.
ensuring proper codes and pixels are put together to allow data collection for the kpi reporting.
responsible for providing technical stewardship in the bigdata space, with hands-on design, coding and visualizing capabilities. should be instrumental in evangelizing next generation infrastructure and database techniques.
should bring strong technology leadership to drive high quality work in the areas of data analytics, data visualization with big data, distributed and cloud computing.
ability to work with stakeholders independently and able to coordinate with team members spread across different geo locations.
willingness to continuously learn, upgrade skills and train others.
ability to create and manage data extraction, transformation and delivery processes as per client requirements.
prior experience to create, manage and connect large datasets.

skills & experience required:

4+ years of experience in managing data processes.
weightage will be given to candidates who have prior experience working with large multi-national clients.
tool knowledge:


etl- talend, pentaho, ssis
database – sqlnosql , postgresql , aws (redshift), oracle, mongodb, hbase
hadoop ecosystem ( cloudera) –mapr, hdfs, pig, hive, spark, flume, sqoop, r, solr
automated reporting systems (origami etc.)
data – jason , xml, flat files, soap, rest
data access management
expertise in ms excel and powerpoint 


read more



apply for position








            apply for this position        
required*



apply with linkedin







apply with indeed









first name*



last name*



email address*



address
















phone*



resume*

attach resume
                    or
                    paste resume



                        attach resume as .pdf, .doc, or .docx (limit 2mb) or
                        paste resume


 




                            paste your resume here or
                            attach resume file









cover letter*



in 150 characters or fewer, tell us what makes you unique. try to be creative and say something that will catch our eye!*

150



submit application














×close
forward this position





recipient email address (one)



your name



your email address



enter a message (optional)
the message cannot contain links




human check*




















powered by















