 









sr. data analyst #0159 job at doctor on demand in san francisco, ca, powered by jobscore















































your browser cookies must be enabled in order to apply for this job. please contact support@jobscore.com if you need further instruction on how to do that.












sr. data analyst
engineering | financial district, sf | full time






job description


 
doctor on demand is changing medicine, and you can help.  we are looking for an experienced business-focussed data analyst to help establish an analytics center of excellence to help us align resources with patient needs, communicate effectively with customers, and chart the future of this fast growing company.
data is at the heart of doctor on demand.  for this role, you will have a chance to work with a variety of financial, application, marketing and medical data to develop tools and processes to improve customer experience and engagement and help doctor on demand continue to transform the medical industry.
key responsibilities include:


be the point of contact for your internal clients’ data needs: manage communications with your stakeholders, and collaborate with stakeholders in defining priorities, scope and approaches for analytics deliverables.


develop a deep understanding of all areas of the business that you support, and provide proactive analytical insights into those areas, driving data-driven innovation.


help establish a strategic vision of doctor on demand’s analytics team, both in terms of tools and technology, and in terms of techniques, process and engagement


maintain a culture of high quality output and exceptional customer service: effectively communicate at all levels, ensure that work gets done well and on time, respond effectively to unexpected obstacles and reallocate resources as necessary.


requirements


at least 10 years of analytics and bi experience.


expert sql skills.


experience with a variety of standard bi tools (business objects, looker, tableau, etc.)


proven track record of using data to generate insight and drive business results and customer success.


strong written and verbal communication skills.


experience working in a fast-paced, constantly evolving environment.  a successful candidate must be comfortable embracing ambiguity and juggling a portfolio of complex and urgent projects.


experience with healthcare industry a plus


about doctor on demand
doctor on demand’s mission is to improve the world’s health through compassionate care and innovation.  we believe that health is personal, and means so much more than treating illness.  we're proud of the care we've provided over the years and the relationships we’ve developed with our patients, as evidenced by the 5-star reviews we continually receive. people use our service to gain access to some of the best physicians and licensed therapists in the country, all whenever and wherever is most convenient.  it’s as simple as opening the doctor on demand app on a smartphone or computer.
through live video visits, our hand-picked, us-trained doctors take patient history, perform an exam, and recommend a treatment plan. prescriptions, if needed, go directly to the pharmacy of choice. while insurance isn’t required, tens of millions of americans enjoy covered medical and mental health visits through employer and health plan partnerships. to learn more about the hundreds of medical issues we treat, visit us at doctorondemand.com.





return to doctor on demand


apply for this job










apply for this job


apply for this job


share










not the right job?

join our talent network




return to doctor on demand








powered by







applicant tracking













