



job application for pre-sales data analyst at mode























          apply now
        
pre-sales data analyst

        at mode
      
(view all jobs)

        san francisco
      


we built mode from the ground up as the best bi product for analysts and data scientists. mode changes how people leverage data by equipping analysts and data scientists with powerful tools to explore data and deliver insights to every corner of their business. for many of our customers, we are the central data hub to support analytical decision making.   the pre-sales data analyst will advise mode's customers and prospects on analytics best practices and educate them on how to get the most out of mode. in addition, our pre-sales data analysts will keep their analyst skills sharp by creating dashboards and visualizations that push the boundaries of what mode can do and developing resources to help everyone—both internally and externally—become mode experts.
what you'll do

be a mode product expert and evangelist. you will inspire customers to see how they can elegantly solve complex data problems and simplify their day-to-day with mode.
help prospective customers decide if mode is right for them. you will be our sales team’s secret weapon. you are the industry and product expert who will have technical conversations with prospective customers.
be an ambassador for our data-obsessed users. we will decide what we build and how we build it based on your input. your will be the eyes and ears in the field for our product team and will share the cool stuff you see with everyone around you.
select and build cool projects to scale your expertise. you will select high-impact projects that ensure you're always building new skills that matter to you while sharing your awesomeness with as many peers, prospects, and customers as possible.

what we look for

energized by working directly with customers or prospects and enjoy being seen as the “subject matter expert” in the room.
strong sql knowledge, as well as comfortable working in common analytics tools in our product's ecosystem to solve data-related business challenges.
have a working knowledge of statistics and common statistical approaches to answering business questions (e.g., a/b testing, regressions, cohort analysis, etc.)
love teaching and helping other smart, data-obsessed people learn and become better at solving business problems with the newest and best data tools.
know how to break down and explain technical concepts to audiences with a range of technical abilities.








apply for this job

* required
        







first name *



last name *



email *



phone



resume/cv *


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 














cover letter


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 

















please describe your experience working with sql *






linkedin profile
    





website
    





how did you hear about this job?
    











 



share this job:    













powered by 

 
      read our privacy policy
















