







benefit cosmetics










































help









                    home
                



                    why work at benefit
                



                    about us
                



                    shop
                





            careers
        








 














data analyst
 


location:
corporate - san francisco


job code:
10518


department:
global digital & web development


employment duration:
full time



about our company


why work for benefit?
 
instant beauty solutions, irreverent names and creative packaging…benefit cosmetics knows makeup doesn’t have to be serious to look good. in 1976, jean and jane ford, the “fake it” twins, created a quirky san francisco makeup boutique with a whimsical candy store atmosphere. the twins successfully built benefit cosmetics into one of the fastest growing global beauty brands. in 1999, the company joined louis vuitton moët hennessy (lvmh), the world’s leader in luxury brands. currently, benefit’s high-quality, feel-good products can be found at over 4,000 counters in more than 35 countries.
 
 

 



description
are you a person who can’t help but ask, “why?” or “what if?” do you have a knack for forming hypotheses, and using facts to analyze problems? do you want to work on a fast paced, creative, collaborative globally oriented team that is dedicated to using your insights to drive action in digital programs? if so, we may have the job for you.
 
the digital analyst will measure and analyze performance of our global digital initiatives and properties.  this role that covers both day-to-day insights and big picture analysis, working with various cross-functional business partners to derive key insights to support their functional and strategic needs.  
 
why work for benefit?
as one of beauty's fastest growing and most spirited brands, benefit has made a name for itself by creating high-quality products that offer instant solutions with a dose of humor. (no wonder our beauty mantra is "laughter is the best cosmetic...so grin and wear it!").
 
benefit’s corporate headquarters is a highly charged environment filled with both laughter and hard work - making benefit a unique place to hang your hat. the digital department is a fast-paced team environment working internationally to build the benefit brand, and our roles and activities are rapidly expanding. we offer beauty-full opportunities for growth and development and represent a wide variety of skills and backgrounds. if you're the type of person who puts the word 'no' before the word 'problem,’ then we may have a fabulous opportunity for you. 
 
essential duties and responsibilities:
data management & reporting


develop, publish, and present reporting and dashboards for our digital programs across social media, digital campaigns, email, advertising, website, crm, and video.


work with business stakeholders to define and evolve reporting/tagging requirements and tools that enable the team to better measure performance and drive actionable insights.


conduct regular data audits to ensure data hygiene and accuracy, and troubleshoot data feeds and integrations as needed.


build data automations to simplify and increase overall efficiency.


manage various data-related and crm vendor relationships and budgets.


 
analysis & optimization


work closely with cross-functional business partners by providing key insights derived from data to support their functional and strategic needs.


perform in-depth analyses on our various digital programs to identify key learnings and opportunity areas, as well as help set benchmarks.  


help evolve measurement of custom campaigns to drive performance and effectiveness.  


partner with website teams to drive overall site kpis and objectives, including improving paid search performance, analyzing a/b test results, and identifying opportunities for future site testing and enhancements.


support our ecommerce teams with deep dives into sales performance and recommend business improvements.


derive customer insights from our crm database, and work with ecommerce teams in testing and developing more targeted marketing campaigns.


present key findings to key stakeholders.


train the digital team on how to effectively collect and analyze data, and be the champion for using data to drive smarter business decisions across all our initiatives.


research


stay current on trends and best practices in digital analytics.


research digital behavior & adoption in emerging markets and make recommendations on digital activities to our team.


 
 
all other duties as assigned
 
qualifications:
 


bachelor’s degree plus 1-3 years of experience in analytics.


exceptional problem solving and analytical skills.


solid knowledge of excel, along with other ms office products (word, powerpoint, outlook).


experience in working with website analytic tools, such as google analytics or omniture.  gold iq certification preferred.  


working knowledge of tag management tools like gtm, and adobe dtm.


ability to debug analytics and marketing tracking using tools like firebug, charles, or developers console.


proficient in querying, segmenting and modeling data from large datasets located in msft sql server and google bigquery.


experience working with bi tools like tableau to connect and blend various datasets and publish unified dashboards. 


ability to synthesize data into actionable insights, and communicate recommendations to all levels of the organization.


knowledge of current standards in digital and interactive marketing, including trends and best practices in order to improve efficacy of programs.


ability to work well with cross-functional teams in gathering business requirements and then interpreting into logic for technical teams to implement.


self-starter with proven ability to prioritize resources among multiple concurrent projects.


strong interpersonal and communication skills, with a proven track record of working well with business stakeholders.


exceptional attention to detail.


experience in consumer retail or cosmetics industry a plus.
















are you a returning applicant?












previous applicants:


email:





password:





if you do not remember your password click here.




back to search results


new search


benefit cosmetics is an equal opportunity employer
© copyright benefit cosmetics llc

















benefit on linkedin
benefit on facebook
benefit on twitter
benefit on youtube
benefit on pinterest
benefit on instagram






©2014, benefit cosmetics llc
benefit cosmetics is an equal opportunity employer



