




lead data engineer at target




















skip navigation



target careers home page





work somewhere you





search jobs


keyword



location




radius
radius
5 miles
10 miles
20 miles
30 miles
40 miles



search








lead data engineer
apply now
job id: bus0001e5
date posted: 11/16/2017
location:  sunnyvale ca, sunnyvale, california

description: data science and engineering team at target is a fast growing, dynamic team. data engineers work closely with data scientists to create valuable insights using voluminous data collected from external and internal systems. business operations are empowered with these insights to help achieve target’s overarching purpose of providing joy of everyday shopping to each target guest.  as a lead data engineer, you will be expected to create software solutions using agile practices and devops principles. responsibilities will include designing, programming, debugging and supporting high quality, distributed, large scale software solutions. we are looking for a highly-motivated engineering professional who is a team player and can engage with both technical and business team members.  key responsibilities: develop software systems using test driven development employing continuous integration practicespartner with other engineers and team members to develop software that meets business needsfollow agile methodology for software development and technical documentationinnovate constantly and stay current with latest technologies while staying focused on solving problems at hand.requirements3+ years’ experience in developing software applications1+ years’ experience working on bigdata technologies like hadoop, spark and hive.   bs degree in computer science or related field.understand application/software development and design.proficiency in at-least one of the following languages: java, scala, pythonworked on building and supporting web services. experience with rest services preferred.experience/knowledge of streaming solutions is a plus. 
target will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the san francisco and los angeles fair chance ordinances. 

apply now






share

facebook
twitter
linkedin
email




similar jobs


principal data engineer
sunnyvale, california


front end engineer - high performance computing team
sunnyvale, california


lead automation engineer - iiot
sunnyvale, california





explore the area
check out where you could be working if you apply.

view map






get email updates
get the latest job openings right in your inbox.
		    view privacy statement.
emailareas of interestedsearch for a category and select one from the list of suggestions. search for a location and select one from the list of suggestions. finally, click “add” to create your job alert.categorylocationadd+business intelligence and analytics, sunnyvale, california, united statesremoveengineering, sunnyvale, california, united statesremoveremove

confirm email











culture
what’s it like to work here? we’re asked that a lot. target respects and values the individuality of all team members and guests—and we have lots of fun in all that we do.
experience our culture





inside target




a bullseye view
                    get a look behind the scenes at target
                





pulse blog
                    our teams, our stories, our careers
                













company

about target
investors
press




careers
corporate responsibility
news & features


target.com
find a store
contact us
sitemap






facebook

twitter

linkedin

pinterest

youtube

instagram

rss



privacy policy
interest based ads
terms & conditions
ca privacy
team member services
privacy updated 5/17
©2017 target brands, inc. target, the bullseye design and bullseye dog are trademarks of target brands, inc.










