


      senior data analyst  - san francisco, ca - coinbase
  






















































×
 
please note that coinbase no longer supports this browser. we recommend upgrading to the latest google chrome or firefox.


















products 

buy/sell digital currency
gdax
developer platform
merchant tools


help



charts

sign in
sign up







senior data analyst 
san francisco, ca




about


careers


mission


press






 back to all jobs
 senior data analyst san francisco, ca
our vision is to bring more innovation, efficiency, and equality of opportunity to the world by creating an open financial system. our first step on that journey is making digital currency accessible and approachable for everyone.
two principles guide our efforts. first, be the most trusted company in our domain. second, create user-focused products that are easier and more delightful to use than any alternative. those principles guide every decision across the company from design through engineering, from operations through security. one key ingredient for making informed decisions is reliable and timely access to data and that’s where you come in.
as a data analyst, you will work with all of these teams to provide them with actionable insights, drawn from reliable data. our platforms produce data from a variety of sources, which must be aligned both between themselves and with external reference points like public blockchains. you will work on the design and implementation of our data warehouse, which will serve as a single source of truth across coinbase and make our data easier to access and more consistent.
 in this role, you will develop a strong intuition for proper data management, and understand in great detail the working of our products, how they generate data, and how to best present that data to a variety of users. career progression can move both towards an advanced business intelligence role, or toward data engineering and data management.
 responsibilities: 

audit and analyze data produced by our various products (coinbase, gdax, and toshi), as well as public blockchains and other external sources. 
publish clear and accurate data visualizations and reports per user requests.
working with lead data analyst, assist in design and implementation of a second-generation enterprise data warehouse based on user requirements

requirements:

exhibit our core cultural values: clear communication, positive energy, continuous learning, and efficient execution.
experience in data analysis and database design using sql
you have at least 4 years of experience in data analysis  
strong communication and mentorship skill; a large part of your role will be to offer advice on business decisions and assist users in producing their own analyses.
bachelor’s degree in mathematics, physics, economics, engineering or other quantitative disciple. must have a strong mathematical foundation.

preferred:

python or other scripting language, especially with regards to numerical analysis and visualization
experience with looker, tableau or other business intelligence platform.
working knowledge of ruby

 
we are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. we do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.


apply for this job * = required field




first name *





last name *





email *





phone 





resume/cv *





cover letter *





linkedin profile *





website 





how did you hear about this job? *





are you a robot?













                










 










© 2017 coinbase


products

buy/sell digital currency
gdax
developer platform
merchant tools



learn

buy bitcoin
buy ethereum
buy litecoin
supported countries
status



company

about
careers
press


legal & privacy


user agreement
privacy policy
licenses & disclosures


support



social

blog
twitter
facebook




language
deutsch
english
english - united states
español
español - méjico
français
bahasa indonesia
italiano
nederlands
português
português - brazil













