



job application for data analyst at masterclass






















          apply now
        
data analyst

        at masterclass
      

        san francisco, ca
      



who we are:
at masterclass, our mission is to democratize online education by enabling enabling anyone in the world to learn from the very best. we are deconstructing what makes an actor able to cry on demand, how an athlete defies gravity, and what it takes to write a bestseller. our online learning content is available to students anytime anywhere anytime, which supports our mission to democratize education.
we are a quickly growing vc-funded startup based in san francisco and have created online classes taught by famous masters—gordon ramsay, hans zimmer, deadmau5, werner herzog, shonda rhimes, serena williams, dustin hoffman, jane goodall, james patterson, aaron sorkin, annie leibovitz, usher, christina aguilera and many more to come.
since launching in 2015, we are growing our team. apply now to find out more about what we are doing behind the scenes.
 
what we’re looking for:
as a data analyst at masterclass you’ll be a part of our growing analytics team, reporting directly to the director of analytics. you will collaborate directly with a variety of team members to collect, clean and analyze data which will drive our decision making and provide direction for future growth. 
this analyst will serve as a cross-functional data expert whose analyses will help identify opportunities and explain trends. you’ll  build close partnerships with across the various team leads and  business units in order to help them optimize their resources and make decisions from the insights that you present.  
 
responsibilities of the role:

partner with different departments (e.g. engineering, marketing, content, product, etc.) to produce insights
build and maintain reporting/visualization and other tools to help deliver business insights and push the right data to the people who need it
conduct exploratory data analysis and leverage data mining, visualization, and statistical modeling techniques to drive business decisions.
continuously improve the quality and accessibility of our data reporting

 
requirements:

3+ years of experience in a data insights, data analytics, data science or business analytics role
strong experience in sql (redshift and postgresql a plus)
formidable r or python skills
experience with business intelligence tools (e.g. looker, tableau)
expertise with statistical analyses and concepts (e.g. regressions, experiment design, etc.)
strategically-minded yet detail-oriented 
excellent interpersonal communication and presentation skills
consumer subscription business experience a major plus
ba/bs degree in a related field (computer science, math, statistics, engineering)









apply for this job

* required
        


first name *



last name *



email *



phone



resume/cv


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 














cover letter


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 

















linkedin profile
    





website
    





how did you hear about this job?
    











 



share this job:    













powered by 

 
      read our privacy policy
















