



job application for data analyst at thousandeyes























          apply now
        
data analyst

        at thousandeyes
      

        san francisco, ca 
      


about thousandeyes
the name thousandeyes was born from two big ideas: the power to see things not ordinarily possible and the ability to collect insights from a multitude of vantage points. as organizations rely more on cloud services and the internet, the network has become a black box they can't understand. thousandeyes gives organizations visibility into the now borderless network, arming them with an accurate understanding of how the network impacts their applications, users and customers. thousandeyes is used by some of the world's largest and fastest growing brands, including all of the top 5 global software companies, 5 of the top 6 us banks, and 45 of the fortune 500. thousandeyes is backed by sequoia capital, sutter hill ventures, tenaya capital, google ventures and salesforce ventures, with headquarters in san francisco, ca.
about the position
we are looking for an inquisitive data analyst who enjoys working cross-functionally, has a strong passion for analytics and is eager to drive operational improvements and sound business decisions. the ideal candidate will have a background in a quantitative or technical field, has excellent communication skills and demonstrated success in using analytics to understand and influence business decisions.
you will work closely across sales operations, sales, marketing and customer success teams to provide insight, identify opportunities and impact the strategy and operations of thousandeyes. in short, you will be a key contributor that has proven business analysis experience and is eager to accelerate thousandeyes' growth.
responsibilities

utilize strong analytical skillset to drive insightful analysis using internal and external data (e.g. revenue, product, market, industry) to support the team in arriving at business decisions
collaborate with cross-functional stakeholders to understand their business needs, formulate and complete end-to-end analysis that includes data gathering, analysis, ongoing scaled deliverables and presentations
analyze and define operational metrics that tie back to business performance and frequently report on these to cross-functional stakeholders
develop and automate reports, iteratively build and prototype dashboards to provide insights at scale, solving for analytical needs across different teams
communicate insights on a regular basis to the appropriate level of management

required skills

master's or bachelor's degree with quantitative focus (e.g. business, economics, computer science, mathematics, physics, statistics) or equivalent practical experience
3+ years experience with problem solving and providing practical business insights and recommendations from data sets
3+ years experience with sql and advanced excel skills
3+ years performing quantitative analysis and using data visualization tools to deliver dashboards at scale
strong problem solving ability, high attention to detail and rigor, can-do attitude and desire to learn
hands-on to get things done fast and ability to work without continual guidance
strong cross-functional and interpersonal skills with demonstrated ability to communicate technical content to general audiences

preferred skills

working experience doing business analysis in saas companies or management consulting experience
knowledge of industrial grade data architectures and reporting tools (e.g., chartio, tableau)
work experience in an inter-disciplinary/cross-functional field








apply for this job

* required
        











(optional)

almost there! review your information then click 'submit application' to apply.



first name *



last name *



email *



phone *




              location (city)
            



resume/cv *


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 














cover letter


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 

















linkedin profile *






website
    





how did you hear about this job? *






will you now or in the future require visa sponsorship to work in the u.s.? *



--
yes
no


have you ever developed scripts that interacted with databases? can you briefly describe the project you are the most proud of where you've made use of programmatic access to databases? *







can you tell us about the most impactful analysis you've ever done? what makes this particular analysis more impactful than all others? *







based on what you know about us, what would you find most interesting about working at a company like thousandeyes? *













 



share this job:    













powered by 

 
      read our privacy policy
















