



job application for data analyst at pocket gems























          apply now
        
data analyst

        at pocket gems
      
(view all jobs)

        episode
      


pocket gems is a mobile entertainment company based in san francisco. our games have been downloaded over 200 million times around the world.
we’re looking for a data analyst to join the analytics team. analytics drives decision-making throughout the company. as a member of the analytics team, you’ll have an opportunity to influence every decision we make, from game design to marketing to finance.
you’ll work closely with our episode game team. you’ll help us to understand user behavior, optimize the game for retention and monetization, and work with our engineers to build your models into the game. along the way, you will develop a deep understanding of mobile gaming. (bonus if you already have experience in this area.) you’ll frequently be called upon to advise other teams and to perform ad hoc analysis for them.
responsibilities:

carry out research projects aimed at improving retention and monetization
work with engineering team to turn models into production code
present results to key stakeholders
contribute to the development of the analytics platform

qualifications:

ideal candidate has an advanced degree in math, statistics, or machine learning
solid understanding of statistics is mandatory
must be proficient in sql and either r or python
able and willing to present complex results to non-technical audiences
excited about the opportunity to help us improve episode

pocket gems is a true meritocracy, so this is wide open opportunity. we place a high value on initiative and results. we’ll give you as much opportunity as you can handle.
pocket gems offers top-notch benefits, including anthem ppo, kaiser health plans, and free one medical membership. we cover 100% of the cost of employees’ medical, dental and vision premiums (and 75% of the cost for their dependents), as well as short and long-term disability, and life insurance. we also offer flex spending & dependent care accounts, pre-tax commuter benefits and a 401(k) plan. pocket gems is located in beautiful downtown san francisco, one block north of the montgomery street bart station.
pocket gems is an equal opportunity employer. we do not discriminate based on race, color, ethnicity, ancestry, national origin, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, age, disability, veteran status, genetic information, marital status or any legally protected status. pursuant to the san francisco fair chance ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.







apply for this job

* required
        


first name *



last name *



email *



phone *



resume/cv *


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 














cover letter


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 

















how did you hear about this job? *






linkedin profile
    





work status *



please selectus citizen
h1-b visa
f-1 opt
permanent resident
tn visa
f-1 cpt
j-1
l-1
e-3
o-1
decline to self identify


do you need sponsorship to work in the us? *



--
yes
no


do you require future sponsorship to work in the us? *



--
yes
no








 



share this job:    













powered by 

 
      read our privacy policy
















