



job application for data scientist at betterup























          apply now
        
data scientist

        at betterup
      
(view all jobs)

        san francisco
      


data scientist 
we’re looking for a world-class data scientist to join us in our efforts to improve quality of life for millions of professionals around the world. people today live longer, and are wealthier, than ever before, but our happiness is decreasing. at betterup, we help people thrive both professionally and personally. our mission is to help everyone lead their lives with clarity, purpose, and passion.
betterup is currently seeking an innovative, experienced, and highly trained data scientist passionate about advancing our mission. betterup’s data scientist will drive internal data analytics projects serving product, coaching, member operations, marketing, and other teams. investigations will vary from short preliminary explorations to deeper, longer-term studies. 
at betterup you’ll have the opportunity to work side by side with talented, motivated, and intellectually stimulating colleagues who thrive on helping organizations solve their most pressing behavioral business challenges.
responsibilities

analyze existing data to generate insights for internal (marketing, product, coaching ops, member ops, sales) audiences.
partner with internal customers to define experimental questions and scope for each analytics investigations.
own top-notch, first-in-class computational science projects studying internal data from start to finish.  
translate data analytics outcomes into clear visualizations understandable to laymen.
report on analytics findings to senior leadership in order to inform key business decisions.

key behaviors

think creatively and interdisciplinarily.
demonstrate unerring responsiveness to, and seamless collaboration with, internal customers including marketing, product, sales, csm, member ops, and coach ops.
learn continuously to stay on your edge in the relevant scientific literature.
do less, deliver more. ability to prioritize efforts across projects; and to determine which aspects within given project require depth and detail, and which aspects can be handled more expediently.  
collaborate without ego, willing to take on small tasks and large.

requirements

hold an advanced scientific degree, including training in statistical analysis and experimental design. expertise in human behavioral data measurement, collection, and analysis, a very strong plus. skilled in critically thinking through a research question, to identify confounds, optimal methodologies, and clear operationalizations of hypotheses.
fluent in r and python, comfortable with common data science stacks in each language (tidyverse for r, numpy/pandas/sklearn/matplotlib for python). javascript/html preferred but not required.
comfort with common nhst methods (e.g. inferential statistics, ols, anova), applied ml strategies (e.g. train/test/validation sets, feature engineering, accuracy assessment). experience with bayesian modeling, especially in the context of nhst alternatives, strongly preferred.
experience building simple backend data infrastructure/pipelines.  know how to connect the dots between data sources (e.g. saas or other apis), etl/storage solutions (better if you’ve built these yourself), analysis environments (e.g. r or python scripting), and (preferred but not required) front-end reporting (e.g. dashboards, apps).
passionate about storytelling with data.  ability to port analytics outcomes into interactive- or presentation-based media (e.g. d3, shiny, powerpoint/keynote).  understand technical basics of data visualization and common pitfalls.  ability to make clean, elegant, informative graphs.  
exceptional written and verbal communication skills. ability to present data science findings to sizable audiences of laymen and specialists alike. experience with academic science writing strongly preferred.
demonstrated desire for continued learning and development across different academic disciplines. 

benefits
we provide amazing benefits, but if you ask the team, they’ll tell you that the greatest benefit we offer employees is an incredibly meaningful mission and transformative work.

full coverage medical, dental and vision insurance
unlimited use, at your own discretion, vacation policy
14 paid annual holidays
5 betterup inner work days (https://www.betterup.co/inner-work)
5 “volunteer days” to give back
professional development through betterup coaching for you and a significant other
401(k) self contribution
a competitive compensation plan with opportunity for advancement

 
betterup inc. provides equal employment opportunities (eeo) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, genetics, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status. in addition to federal law requirements, betterup inc. complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities. this policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation, and training.
 
full coverage medical, dental, and vision insurance

unlimited use, at your own discretion, vacation policy
“volunteer days” to give back to your local community
professional development through betterup coaching for you and a significant other
a competitive compensation plan with opportunity for advancement and promotion

betterup inc. provides equal employment opportunities (eeo) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, genetics, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status. in addition to federal law requirements, betterup inc. complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities. this policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training.
application materials:
please submit a cv, and at least one of the following:

personal website
project portfolio
stackoverflow handle
github handle (but only if there are “ready for the public” portfolio projects)
kaggle handle
links to data science publications

a cover letter explaining your interest in betterup is optional, but encouraged.
 







apply for this job

* required
        











(optional)

almost there! review your information then click 'submit application' to apply.



first name *



last name *



email *



phone



resume/cv


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 














cover letter


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 

















linkedin profile
    





website
    





how did you hear about this job?
    







u.s. equal opportunity employment information (completion is voluntary)


  individuals seeking employment at betterup are considered without regards
  to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical
  or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation. you are
  being given the opportunity to provide the following information in order to help us
  comply with federal and state equal employment opportunity/affirmative action record
  keeping, reporting, and other legal requirements.


  completion of the form is entirely voluntary. whatever your decision,
  it will not be considered in the hiring process or thereafter. any information that you
  do provide will be recorded and maintained in a confidential file.


gender
please selectmale
female
decline to self identify


are you hispanic/latino?
please selectyes
no
decline to self identify


please identify your race
please selectamerican indian or alaskan native
asian
black or african american
hispanic or latino
white
native hawaiian or other pacific islander
two or more races
decline to self identify


      race & ethnicity definitions


  if you believe you belong to any of the categories of protected veterans listed below,
  please indicate by making the appropriate selection.  as a government contractor
  subject to vietnam era veterans readjustment assistance act (vevraa), we request this
  information in order to measure the effectiveness of the outreach and positive
  recruitment efforts we undertake pursuant to vevraa. classification of protected
  categories is as follows:


  a "disabled veteran" is one of the following: a veteran of the u.s. military, ground,
  naval or air service who is entitled to compensation (or who but for the receipt of
  military retired pay would be entitled to compensation) under laws administered by the
  secretary of veterans affairs; or a person who was discharged or released from active
  duty because of a service-connected disability.


  a "recently separated veteran" means any veteran during the three-year period beginning
  on the date of such veteran's discharge or release from active duty in the u.s.
  military, ground, naval, or air service.


  an "active duty wartime or campaign badge veteran" means a veteran who served on active
  duty in the u.s. military, ground, naval or air service during a war, or in a campaign
  or expedition for which a campaign badge has been authorized under the laws
  administered by the department of defense.


  an "armed forces service medal veteran" means a veteran who, while serving on active
  duty in the u.s. military, ground, naval or air service, participated in a united
  states military operation for which an armed forces service medal was awarded pursuant
  to executive order 12985.


veteran status
please selecti am not a protected veteran
i identify as one or more of the classifications of a protected veteran
i don't wish to answer



form cc-305
omb control number 1250-0005
expires 1/31/2020

voluntary self-identification of disability
why are you being asked to complete this form?

  because we do business with the government, we must reach out to, hire, and provide
  equal opportunity to qualified people with disabilities1.  to help us
  measure how well we are doing, we are asking you to tell us if you have a disability or
  if you ever had a disability.  completing this form is voluntary, but we hope that you
  will choose to fill it out.  if you are applying for a job, any answer you give will be
  kept private and will not be used against you in any way.


  if you already work for us, your answer will not be used against you in any way.
  because a person may become disabled at any time, we are required to ask all of our
  employees to update their information every five years.  you may voluntarily
  self-identify as having a disability on this form without fear of any punishment
  because you did not identify as having a disability earlier.

how do i know if i have a disability?

  you are considered to have a disability if you have a physical or mental impairment or
  medical condition that substantially limits a major life activity, or if you have a
  history or record of such an impairment or medical condition.

disabilities include, but are not limited to:

blindness
deafness
cancer
diabetes
epilepsy
autism
cerebral palsy
hiv/aids
schizophrenia
muscular dystrophy
bipolar disorder
major depression
multiple sclerosis (ms)
missing limbs or partially missing limbs
post-traumatic stress disorder (ptsd)
obsessive compulsive disorder
impairments requiring the use of a wheelchair
intellectual disability (previously called mental retardation)


disability status
please selectyes, i have a disability (or previously had a disability)
no, i don't have a disability
i don't wish to answer

reasonable accommodation notice

  federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified
  individuals with disabilities. please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation
  to apply for a job or to perform your job.  examples of reasonable accommodation
  include making a change to the application process or work procedures, providing
  documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using
  specialized equipment.


1section 503 of the rehabilitation act of 1973, as amended.  for more
  information about this form or the equal employment obligations of federal contractors,
  visit the u.s. department of labor's office of federal contract compliance programs
  (ofccp) website at www.dol.gov/ofccp.


  public burden statement:  according to the paperwork reduction act of 1995 no persons
  are required to respond to a collection of information unless such collection displays
  a valid omb control number. this survey should take about 5 minutes to complete.








 



share this job:    













powered by 

 
      read our privacy policy
















