zendesk - data scientist, product analyticsdata scientist, product analyticssan franciscodata & analytics – 731 - enterprise data & analyticsregularapply for this jobour business supports multiple products, each generating its own unique data.  product owners, engineers, and analysts throughout the company rely on this data to help make informed decisions.  our business partners also rely on other customer touch point data that reside in a multitude of functional specific applications (sales, marketing, finance, etc). we’ve built an enterprise data warehouse (edw) platform dedicated to support disparate internal and external data sources.  the platform has been built leveraging mostly open-source tools on google cloud platform.this position is part of the enterprise data & analytics team, a high-performance group chartered with delivering a beautifully simple analytics foundation and service that allows zendesk to scale to a $1 billion company with clearly defined, consistent metrics and a data architecture that provides all business operations with high quality and timely analytics for optimal decision making.  we need a dedicated individual to derive valuable business insights and models which will have a direct impact on our business.  the right candidate will join zendesk’s enterprise data team building on the work and with the support of our other dedicated analyst teams.  models built will be deployed using airflow, tensorflow, gcps ml engine, or other infrastructure needed for support.who you areempathetic to the analytic needs of product owners, engineers, and analysts, our candidate can translate requests to formulate hypotheses and develop models to support their needs. a self-directed individual who won’t wait for a pristine dataset, but instead is comfortable wrangling their own data and can identify necessary data sources to improve results. respectful of established protocols but you also drive change as our business evolves over time.  proactively engage with various stakeholders and engineers and build strong relationships you agree that data science is fun!  our new data scientist shares this enthusiasm and it is reflected in his/her work.what you get to do everydayanalyze customer data from product warehouses, success programs, support, finance, and sales ops, and, in partnership with customer-savvy business leaders and their teams, identify the signals of health and the current deficiencies.design, build, and manage the necessary models to classify and improve customer health. a key challenge will be distilling dozens and hundreds of possible signs into something simple that allows wise and efficient action to be taken. broker data discussions across different business units, where each may have a different set of signals and/or visions of customer health. work always to find the simplest solution that will serve customers the best, and be willing to set aside perfection when it doesn’t best serve us. regularly report on key health metrics to leadership (directors, vps, c-suite), and optimize the presentation and process to make it as effective and efficient as possible.support business leaders with ad-hoc data delving that will substantiate or disprove health-related hunches, and create work-lists of at-risk customers to drive high-urgency solutions.  use customer data, cross-referenced against customer success programs, to identify whether (and how much) our offerings are helping our customers. queue-up data to both celebrate our success, and learn from our gaps and deficiencies. track, prioritize, and project manage any additional reporting/data based projectswhat you bring to the roleself-motivated and driven by the purpose outlined above. eager to be a leader at zendesk in understanding what customer health means, and willing to go deep and learn from co-workers and other cx companies about this aspect of the industry. demonstrated ability to produce on-time and quality data deliverables, with special skill for visualization and/or process design that enables the recipient to achieve their business objective quickly (and enjoyably!) well-established personal processes to handle multiple requests from varied stakeholders, in a way that maintains clear priority, adjusts when needed, and is always helpful and pleasant. strong communication skills, both written and oral, and an ability to listen and understand root needs across many different business units, each with their own perspectives on our customer experience.advanced sql skills are a must. deep proficiency in python, scala, or r. familiar with bigquery and cloud environments a plus5+ years experience in advanced analytics with at least 2+ years in a data science roleadvanced degree in an mathematics, economics, statistics, or similarzendesk builds software for better customer relationships. it empowers organizations to improve customer engagement and better understand their customers. zendesk products are easy to use and implement. they give organizations the flexibility to move quickly, focus on innovation, and scale with their growth. based in san francisco, zendesk has operations in the united states, europe, asia, australia, and south america. learn more at www.zendesk.com.interested in knowing what we do in the community? check out the zendesk neighbor foundation to learn more about how we engage with, and provide support to, our local communities.  individuals seeking employment at zendesk are considered without regards to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, veteran status, or sexual orientation.apply for this jobzendesk home pagejobs powered by 