





verisk analytics job opportunities














view job













 careers    |    contact verisk 





homeabout veriskconferencespressinvestorsblog











u.s. job search


login to job section


my candidate home


help with job application



non-u.s. job search


careers overview


















sql data analyst




		 
		








		 
		

 
	            
	            
	        
            
            
        



job id:  20170920-10050-lek


 
            
company name:  argus




description:





 

 lci is an industry leader at analytical and technological services to the financial industry. founded over 25 years ago, we handle over 1.3 billion accounts a year for the world's leading lenders, servicers, and debt buyers. we specialize in solutions for bankruptcy, at-risk consumer behavior, and the financial account life cycle. our unique high-tech approach allows us to build software and services that are more cost-effective, and provide higher returns, than others in our industry.
lifestyle at lci:

lci has an innovative, entrepreneurial structure, with great opportunities as a rapidly growing company.

about the job:

you will be leading and executing high impact project. you will be working with the largest bankruptcy database nationwide and present findings to senior management.
you will join the data quality assurance team and ensure the success of the company by assisting in the delivery of our products and services to our clients, through the operational processing of various systems.
you may be working closely with project leaders, clients, and other business stakeholders.  you may manage/participate in multiple projects requiring coordination with other teams.

what we're looking for:

0 to 2 years of data analysis experience, preferably leveraging ms sql server
entry-level knowledge of ms sql server (ssms, ssis, and ssrs), sql/transact-sql, and data analysis.
advanced excel and powerpoint: vba would be a plus.
experience in manipulating data, extracting desired information and experience in presenting data to senior management
self-motivated and able to manage multiple projects simultaneously
strong organization skills, attention to details and ability to multi-task
strong analytical and problem solving skills
strong written and verbal communication
creative and out of the box thinking
knowledge of legal documents would be a plus

full time position:

monday to friday (9:00 am - 5:00 pm)

§   0-2 years of data analysis experience, preferably leveraging ms sql server
§   entry-level knowledge of ms sql server (ssms, ssis, and ssrs), sql/transact-sql, and data analysis.
§  advanced excel and powerpoint: vba would be a plus.
§  experience in manipulating data, extracting desired information and experience in presenting data to senior management
§  self-motivated and able to manage multiple projects simultaneously
§  strong organization skills, attention to details and ability to multi-task
§  strong analytical and problem solving skills
§  strong written and verbal communication 
§  creative and out of the box thinking
§  knowledge of legal documents would be a plus




requirements:







expertise 

data operations 



education 

bachelors (or equivalent work experience) 



job type 

full time 



location 

ca-san francisco 



years of experience 

0-1 year 












 
            













all members of the verisk analytics family of companies are equal opportunity employers. we consider all qualified applicants for employment without regard to race, religion, color, national origin, citizenship, sex, gender identity and/or expression, sexual orientation, veteran's status, age or disability.


















privacy policyconditions of useverisk analytics trademarks









