






equal access international is hiring: data analyst in san...















































 





join localwise plus
 



post a job
 

















sign up

log in


create a profile
my jobs
explore businesses

vouch



finding the right job begins with your network
connect to easily find and vouch for your friends

continue with facebook


continue with google


      by continuing, i agree to localwise’s terms & privacy.
    


new














 





find a job





post a job





explore businesses





create a profile







sign up





log in










      cancel
    

      search
    






















report this job
report jobs that do not follow localwise’s job guidelines

data analyst
equal access international

details (optional)





report job
 






          data analyst
            


this is a hot job! hot jobs are the most popular jobs on localwise.



equal access international

follow

follow to know about new job openings at equal access international.



      apply








                  san francisco, ca
                









share


share this job on facebook.



 bookmark

bookmark this job to apply later.





report


report jobs to localwise that you believe do not follow localwise’s job guidelines.










connect via
facebook

google




        see who you are connected to at equal access international
      






job overview



job posted
6 days ago


job type
part-time, temporary


categories

consultant, nonprofit





job description


about equal access international (eai):
eai – a non-governmental organization headquartered in san francisco, ca – empowers under-served communities in the developing world with critically needed information, education and leadership training. with funding from bi-laterals, multi-laterals, foundations, corporate and individual donors we implement innovative media and community outreach programs that inspire positive social change on issues such as women’s empowerment, human rights, global health issues, youth life skills & livelihoods, and civic participation & governance. eai operates in afghanistan, burkina faso, cameroon, chad, nepal, niger, nigeria, pakistan, yemen and cambodia and has over 175 staff worldwide and a twelve-year track record implementing media and social change projects in challenging locations.
 
about the cameroon peace promotion project (cp3)
the cameroon peace promotion project is a two-year, $2.5 million project to strengthen resistance to violent extremism in the conflict-affected north and far north regions of the cameroon. implemented by equal access international (ea), the project utilizes radio programming and community engagement to improve access to factual information, reinforce community values of peace and tolerance, support moderate voices to mitigate against extremist rhetoric, and promote dialogue in vulnerable communities on themes related to violent extremism. the cp3 project aims to achieve the following goal: target communities are more cohesive and empowered to passively or actively resist violent extremist organizations’ propaganda, influence, and ideology.
 
equal access international (ea) seeks a short-term data analyst consultant to lead the data monitoring, analysis, and report writing for an endline evaluation for the usaid-funded cameroon peace promotion project (cp3). this is an excellent opportunity for a graduate student or other academic candidate looking to interact with real data sets in the international development sector and/or build their portfolio.
 
primary responsibilities:
 
· support field-based data collection for the cp3 project’s endline survey, including reviewing submitted data via the cloud-based platform, requesting missing information, ensuring that all surveys are completed, and notifying ea of any discrepancies of the data;
· clean, and organize, all cm01 endline data and provide a .csv or .xls file of the final data set to ea;
· use statistical methods and tools to analyze the data and present it clearly in tables, graphs, and other formats that will enable equal access to make best use of the findings. report, including comparisons to cp3 baseline, key results, and learning and recommendations, to be completed by january 31, 2018.
 
professional experience:
required:
· bachelor’s degree required (master’s or doctoral degree or candidacy preferred) in relevant technical competency area or equivalent combination of education and work experience.
· high level of quantitative and qualitative analytic skills, including an ability to manipulate and analyze data using statistical software such as sas, spss, r, advanced excel, or other analysis packages.
· academic knowledge of regression and statistical methods and ability to apply industry standard approaches to assess statistical significance of findings.
· excellent writing skills and experience in translating technical findings into compelling narratives accessible to both academic and non-technical audiences.
· mastery of data visualization tools and techniques, and ability to produce compelling graphics, graphs and tables to effectively convey meaning behind data.
· ability to commit to the mission and vision of equal access 
· flexibility to accommodate collaboration and calls across several international time zones.
· strong attention to detail, highly motivated and ability to meet deadlines and prioritize tasks.
 
bonus:
· experience in international development and community-based initiatives, particularly using local media (radio or tv), in africa or the developing world, and on usaid-funded projects.
· academic or professional expertise in or commitment to any or all of the following: africa, countering violent extremism (cve), peacebuilding, good governance, social and behavior change communications (sbcc)
· proficiency in french
 
level of language proficiency
proficiency in french
professional level
professional
minimum education required
master's degree
how to apply
 
 
to apply, please send a cover letter indicating your interest in the position, your cost proposal, and your proposed approach (including software or other techniques to be used), and a resume with "data analyst- cameroon evaluation" in the subject line of the email. 



about equal access international


equal access international, a non-profit organization headquartered in san francisco, ca, empowers underserved communities in the developing world with critically needed information, education and leadership training. with funding from bi-laterals, multilaterals, foundations, corporate and individual donors we implement innovative media and community outreach programs that inspire positive social change on issues such as women’s and girls' empowerment, health, youth life skills & livelihoosds, civic participation & governance and human rights. with country operations in afghanistan, cambodia, chad, niger, nepal, pakistan and yemen as well as project activities in indonesia and laos, equal access has a solid track record of implementing innovative media and social change projects in challenging locations.






job location














      apply
















finding the right job begins with your network

continue with facebook


continue with google


      by continuing, i agree to localwise’s terms & privacy.
    









receive locally grown jobs in your inbox
easily unsubscribe











sign up

i agree to localwise’s
      terms & privacy






 about us 


            localwise is the local job community. we connect local people to jobs at local businesses. at localwise, we believe stronger local teams create stronger local communities.
          




job seekers


browse jobs
blog
testimonials




employers


post a job
pricing
blog
testimonials




localwise


about us
faqs
job guidelines
contact






          © localwise  2017 |
privacy |
terms











          handcrafted with  in oakland
        


local jobs in


san francisco |
oakland
|
berkeley |


palo alto
|
san jose |
sacramento
|


chicago |
more locations













