







applicant searches


















   
  





































job descriptionsign in|new user
















previous in list


next in list





 






job details

















job title 


statistical data analyst - radiation oncology - 38647


job id 


38647





location





medical school


full/part time 

full-time





regular/temporary 

regular



















job type/schedule







this position is full-time and works approximately 40 hours per week. 






department name/job location







this position is in the department of radiation oncology.  this position is for the medical school campus.






essential functions







position summary:  performs data analysis and data management for the principal investigator using statistical packages and scripting languages. assists the principal investigator in designing experiments and carrying out genomics research.primary duties and responsibilities: 		performs data analysis and data management for the principal investigator using statistical packages (r) and scripting languages (perl or python) including generation of tables and graphs. 		assists the principal investigator in designing experiments and carrying out genomics research using big high-throughput sequencing data. 		assists in data base design, implementation and maintenance of data collected over time for research purposes, including acquisition, editing and reporting. 		may function as a statistical consultant primarily in collaborative studies involving the medical school community.






required qualifications







equivalent of bachelor’s degree.  master’s preferred in bioinformatics, statistics, computer science or related field.






preferred qualifications







 		familiarity with next-generation sequencing data. proficiency with r and scripting languages (python, perl, awk, etc.) 		proficiency in operating linux in hpc.  		experience in biomedical, clinical studies desirable.






salary range







the hiring range for this position is $46,113 - $58,801 annually.






pre-employment screening







offers made for this position are contingent upon the successful completion of all required pre-employment screens, including a criminal background check, hair sample drug screen, and verification of required professional licenses, registrations, or certifications.






benefits







this position is eligible for full-time benefits.  please visit our website at http://hr.wustl.edu to view a summary of benefits.






eoe statement







washington university is an equal opportunity employer. all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, genetic information, disability, or protected veteran status.








































return to previous page










 



test




t
 




help


test     



 
careers job search default local node:dbname:portal:node:workcenter id:url:

