








software engineer-public cloud


 

















skip to content

cisco
cisco jobs


menu




english
|
français
sign in






search jobs
careers home
students and new grads
events
stay in touch




 







< back to search results







software engineer-public cloud





apply








location:
rtp, north carolina, us


area of interest
engineer - software


job type
professional


technology interest
cloud and data center


job id
1220295


new





what you'll do  you're a bright and motivated software engineer. you will work on the cloud service router (csr) in the public cloud space. the csr is a virtual router currently available in aws and azure with plans to expand to other public clouds. its also supported in private clouds (vmware, kvm, xenserver, hyper-v). you are driven and a phenomenal teammate. you should be creative and passionate about building solutions/technologies with the knowledge you already have. additionally, you are willing to learn quickly and be passionate about working on a wide range of product areas. you work well independently and as part of a team. excellent communication are meaningful for this role.  you have a strong background in software development including specification, implementation, and testing.  currently, our public cloud work focused on solutions orchestration and programmability in aws &azure. you will be helping to build solutions for the csr in the cloud via scripting, services like cloudformation, and more. supporting the many csr environments also means time spent doing linux debugging, particularly in startup scripts and bootstrapping mechanisms. you will also have the opportunity to help craft the future of our product in the cloud as we continue to discuss ways to expand our solutions offerings for customers going forward. the sky (or in this case, the clouds) is the limit!  who you'll work with enterprise routing has one of the most successful businesses within cisco. the integrated services router is an extremely successful platform that has over 85% market share. the encs family of server based appliances and the cloud services routers continues that rich tradition in the virtualized services market. if you want to get exposure to a wide variety of hardware platforms and virtualization technologies, this is the right group to join.  who you are minimum qualification typically requires bs or ms in computer engineering or computer science combined with 0-7 years of related experience.  from a technical point of view you should have some familiarity with at least some of the following areas: cloud computingvirtualization technologieslinux platform developmentdpdk driver developmentip networkingawsazureinfrastructure-as-code      (cloudformation, teraform, ansible)systemd startup scripts, bash,      linux system administrationprogrammability – restful apis,      netconf, restconfkvm knowledgec programmingpython programming why cisco we connect everything: people, processes, data, and things. we innovate everywhere, taking bold risks to craft the technologies that give us smart cities, connected cars, and handheld hospitals. and we do it in style with rare personalities who aren’t afraid to change the way the world works, lives, plays and learns.  we are leaders with vision, tech geeks, pop culture aficionados, and we even have a few purple haired rock stars. we celebrate the creativity and diversity that fuels our innovation. we are dreamers and we are doers.  we are cisco. cisco is an affirmative action and equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, national origin, genetic information, age, disability, veteran status, or any other legally protected basis. cisco will consider for employment, on a case by case basis, qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.  li-rs1




share




share software engineer-public cloud with facebook
share software engineer-public cloud with linkedin
share software engineer-public cloud with twitter
share software engineer-public cloud with google+
share software engineer-public cloud with a friend via e-mail







apply









apply





share




share software engineer-public cloud with facebook
share software engineer-public cloud with linkedin
share software engineer-public cloud with twitter
share software engineer-public cloud with google+
share software engineer-public cloud with a friend via e-mail






job notifications
sign up to receive notifications of similar jobs



notify me












accessibility for applicants with disabilities
e-verify participation poster
right to work poster
agency portal

cisco is an affirmative action and equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, national origin, genetic information, age, disability, veteran status, or any other legally protected basis.
                cisco will consider for employment, on a case by case basis, qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.





jobs help
|
terms & conditions
|
privacy statement
|
cookie policy
|
trademarks


follow we are cisco
linkedin
twitter
facebook
snapchat
instagram
glassdoor







