
healthcare data analyst job - signature medical group - st. louis, mo | indeed.com























skip to job description, searchclose









find jobscompany reviewsfind salariesfind resumesemployers / post job







upload your resume


sign in







:







what
where





advanced job search


 

 



 



job title, keywords or company


city, state, or zip












healthcare data analyst

signature medical group
     -
st. louis, mo


job summarysignature medical group is a convener for the bundled payment for care improvement (bpci) program under the centers for medicare and medicaid innovation center. the signature bpci program is a clinical episode program focused on improving care coordination, patient outcomes and experience for major orthopedic episodes.primary duties and responsibilitiesprepare profitability analysis; support a set of critical models extensively relied on by business partners.interacting with accounting team to provide input on financial forecasts, analysis of monthly and quarterly financial results, and quarterly reconciliation analysis.deliver business finance support to senior management that results in analytical decisions using financial analysis and profitability frameworks and development of sound investment and operational recommendations.collaborate with cross-functional teams to provide data analytics to provide necessary key indicators to clients. assist in presenting and communicating these key indicators to clients.leverage technology and carry out process improvement activitiesstrong ms excel, data analysis, financial modeling experience required.interact and communicate with bpci team to determine key drivers to achieve success. develop analytics to track and manage key drivers.assist with the deployment of tools, spreadsheets, and analytics used to build organization and client budgets and forecastscommunicate and work with signature bpci team to identify opportunities and areas for improvement including tracking measures, key performance indicators and analytics that improve decision making.experience/education requirements:bachelor’s degree in analytics, statistics, or finance3 years or more of analytic experience with healthcare analysis and reporting including expertise in the following areas: –forecasting, pricing, management reporting, advanced financial modeling, and profitability analysis3 years of experience with sql,msrs, or crystal reports is a plus3 years or more of experience working in a team environment to execute and deliver results3 years’ experience working with mid to senior level business managementexcellent capabilities/highly efficient with financial reporting applications and tools, spreadsheets, advanced financial models, and powerpoint. must be advanced excel user. additional analytics technology experience preferredability to deliver results with business impacteffective communication both written and oralability to multi-task with high level organization skillsexcel within a results oriented and fast paced environment requiring independenceability to provide recommendations and implement solutions to problemsmust be able to work effectively in an ever-changing environment and have the proven ability to motivate team members to meet goals, deadlines, and deliverablesjob type: full-timerequired education:bachelor'srequired experience:sql,msrs: 3 years

30+ days ago   -  save job









» apply now

            please review all application instructions before applying to signature medical group.






other jobs you may like


data analyst

ohm systems, inc -
					st. louis, mo
9 hours ago

 easily apply



data analyst (w2-contract)

pamten -
					st. louis, mo
pamten - 
					9 days ago


business process analyst - entry level

advance services, inc. -
					creve coeur, mo
5 days ago

 easily apply



data quality analyst, enterprise data

nisa investment advisors, l.l.c. -
					st. louis, mo
1 day ago


data analyst

technology partners -
					st. louis, mo
22 days ago





 





let employers find youthousands of employers search for candidates on indeedupload your resume










about - help center


©2017 indeed - cookies, privacy and terms



let employers find you  upload your resume










