







applicant searches


















   
  





































job descriptionsign in|new user
















previous in list


next in list





 






job details

















job title 


statistical data analyst - biostatistics - 38448


job id 


38448





location





medical school


full/part time 

full-time





regular/temporary 

regular



















job type/schedule







this position is full-time and works approximately 40 hours per week.  






department name/job location







this position is in the department of biostatistics.  this position is for the medical school campus.






essential functions







position summary:this position will oversee the migration of data capture systems and database structures from the development to the production environment, monitor and manage all environments, report capacity and performance results to investigators, and develop quality assurance and quality control procedures.  this position will also perform innovative data analysis expertly using statistical packages and functions as an expert consultant primarily in collaborative studies involving the medical school community  level of position based on applicant experience.primary duties and respnsibilities: 		lead the design of databases for large projects. 		be responsible for database design, implementation and maintenance of data collected over time for research projects, including acquisition, editing, quality control and reporting. 		test applications to ensure performance and capacity plans to meet expectations, including performing index tuning, query writing and optimization. 		perform data analysis and/or data management using the latest and best methodologies as implemented in statistical packages (sas) including generation of tables and graphs. 		assume major exclusive responsibilities on large projects.






required qualifications







equivalent of bachelor’s degree.  






preferred qualifications







 		master's preferred in statistics, computer science or related field.  		at least 5 years job experience.  		ability to devise and modify data capture systems and databases; knowledge of systems development and/or maintenance technologies to support the infrastructure that assigned databases reside upon and maintains the infrastructure.  		expert knowledge base and experience with sas and high degree of proficiency in data analysis and data management.  		pc/unix knowledge.  		skills and demonstrated success in designing and executing appropriate statistical data analysis.  		ability to consult with clients and higher-level technicians and analysts to resolve technical problems and ensure client satisfaction.






salary range







the hiring range for this position is $46,113 - $58,801 annually.






benefits







-retirement savings plan -22 vacation days -8 paid holidays -sick time -tuition benefits for employee, spouse and dependent children -free metro link/ bus pass-free life insurance-health, dental, vision -health savings accounts (hsa)-long term disability insurance -flex spending plan -other benefits med school hr website (medschoolhr.wustl.edu)






eoe statement







washington university is an equal opportunity employer. all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, genetic information, disability, or protected veteran status. 








































return to previous page










 



test




t
 




help


test     



 
careers job search default local node:dbname:portal:node:workcenter id:url:

