







applicant searches


















   
  





































job descriptionsign in|new user
















previous in list


next in list





 






job details

















job title 


statistical data analyst/programmer - infectious diseases - 37979


job id 


37979





location





medical school


full/part time 

full-time





regular/temporary 

regular



















job type/schedule







this position is full-time and works approximately 40 hours per week.  position hours are generally 8:30 a.m. to 5:00 p.m.






department name/job location







this position is in the department of medicine, infectious diseases division. the position is located  in the northwest tower.  this position is for the medical school campus.






essential functions







 position summary: 	the individual in this position provides data management and programming expertise for the institute for clinical and translational sciences (icts) center for administrative data research (cadr). the studies will primarily use individual and longitudinal administrative health care billing and claims data. 	the analyst will work in collaboration with project and methodological staff under the direct supervision of the lead programmer. the succesful candidate will perform complex data management and programming tasks using primarily administrative datasets, including identifying eligible subjects and admissions, complex merging, aggregating, and transposing files. the analyst will regularly attend project meetings to understand the data management needs of project investigators and to present findings.	 primary duties and responsibilities: 		develops and implements code to create working datasets for analysis and report findings using sas statistical analysis software, including generation of tables and graphs, editing and reporting. 		attends project meetings for subsequent analytic procedures. 		assists in developing a library of standard programming code for modification by other investigators. 		creates efficient programming code, with sufficient comments to be user friendly. 		performs thorough quality control checks on all programming code to verify accuracy and thoroughly documents all data.






required qualifications







 		equivalent of bachelor’s degree.  		master’s preferred in statistics, computer science or related field.






preferred qualifications







 		bachelor or master's degree in public health, biology, statistics, computer science, or related field with minimum one to two years work-experience, preferably in a clinical or health services research environment. demonstrated database programming expertise. 		knowledge of research designs and analytical strategies with experience in programming and database management. strong skills and relevant experience in development of efficient programming algorithms and demonstrated analytic ability. 		understanding of health care data and medical terminology preferred. 		competency and experience navigating a local area network. a minimum of one year experience and expertise in sas. working knowledge of commonly used operating systems, including windows and linux preferred. 		strong, effective, written and oral communication and interpersonal skills required. ability to communicate with senior level staff and investigators about data fields and coding algorithms, complex issues and analytic results with clarity. 		excellent organizational skills. ability to maintain a complex set of data management tasks, monitor quality, and prioritize workflow. ability to work effectively while balancing competing demands of multiple projects. attention to detail and accuracy in editing, recordkeeping, etc. 		ability to collaborate with others and work with senior investigators on data management, including md and phd students, staff, and professors. 		ability to work effectively with a diverse group of faculty and staff with varying degrees of technical sophistication. willingness to follow data management conventions set by the center leadership. 		ability to learn and independently perform new applications and procedures.






salary range







the hiring range for this position is $46,113 - $58,801 annually.






benefits







-retirement savings plan -22 vacation days -8 paid holidays -sick time -tuition benefits for employee, spouse and dependent children -free metro link/ bus pass-free life insurance-health, dental, vision -health savings accounts (hsa)-long term disability insurance -flex spending plan -other benefits med school hr website (medschoolhr.wustl.edu)






eoe statement







washington university is an equal opportunity employer. all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, genetic information, disability, or protected veteran status.








































return to previous page










 



test




t
 




help


test     



 
careers job search default local node:dbname:portal:node:workcenter id:url:

