


mercy careers | mercy |business intelligence analyst













































please enable cookies to continue
please enable cookies in your browser to experience all the personalized features of this site, including the ability to apply for a job.





returning candidate?

log back in!





business intelligence analyst



business intelligence analyst




requisition id 

2017-758328




category 
roi supply chain solutions





position type 

full time




shift(s) 
days





department 

gpo operations &contract admin




location 
us-mo-saint louis







more information about this job




overview







 we’re a little different our mission is clear. we bring to life a healing ministry through our compassionate care and exceptional service.   we don’t believe in jobs at mercy, we believe in careers that match the unique gifts of unique individuals; careers that not only make the most of your skills and talents, but also your heart. at mercy, you’ll feel our supportive community every step of your day, especially the tough ones. we’re a team and love working that way. that team is expanding, and we currently have exceptional opportunities to help our communities grow.







responsibilities and qualifications







the business intelligence analyst position is responsible for executing strategic initiatives around contract performance analytics, spend analytics, data collection, and data quality in an effort to develop reports and dashboards with actionable insights for roi’s contracting teams.  this involves working with advanced functions in sap business objects, sql, excel, internally developed applications, and occasionally microsoft access. this position involves interaction with contracting managers, clinical consultants, suppliers, it and supply chain co-workers in analyzing data; level of knowledge will span multiple healthcare verticals and categories. co-worker will perform duties and responsibilities in a manner consistent with the roi mission, values, and mercy service standards. create dashboards using sap lumira and other business objects tools that will be utilized by various contracting verticals.develop business intelligence and dashboard skills of junior analysts.streamline contract analytics to improve turnaround times.develop procedures to improve data quality around item categorization and savings.progress advanced analytics techniques to discover deeper insights, make predictions or generate recommendations.lead product owner for analytic tools being used by the junior analysts and contracting teams.work with contracting managers, clinical consultants, suppliers, and supply chain co-workers in analyzing data.collaborate with information technology to develop data sets, as well as provide requirements and test enhancements of the internal tools.research supplier websites and other sources and use and develop healthcare industry product knowledge.instructions and self-improvement by owning and actively working a career path document and personal development plan.qualifications: because you’re committed to excellence, you understand the importance of being properly prepared for your role at mercy. that’s why you’ll bring to your role the right set of qualifications: education: bachelor's degree in ba, bs, information systems, healthcare administration, supply chain or related field experienceexperience: 3-5 years industry experience in clinical, analytic, or related area.other: advanced skills with business intelligence tools including business objects, lumira, sql, microsoft excel and microsoft accessexperience in defining and executing requirements.competent in spend analytics.ability to work both independently and collaboratively in a team environment.capability of handling multiple projects simultaneously.demonstrated superior organization skill with orientation to detail.proven ability to deliver analysis that enables timely, complete, and confident decisions.proven ability to meet aggressive timelines.preferred education: master’s degree in business, information systems, or healthcare administrationpreferred experience: healthcare, gpo we’ll support you at work and home  our foundations are built on dignity and respect. modern healthcare magazine named us as a “top 100 places to work.” we go out of our way to help people feel welcomed. we offer day-one comprehensive health, vision and dental coverage, pto, and employer-matched retirement funds, even to part-time employees. we’re proud to provide tuition reimbursement to help you grow and learn new skills. what makes a good match for mercy compassion and professionalism go hand-in-hand with us, along with exceptional quality care. having a positive outlook and a strong sense of advocacy is in perfect step with our mission and vision. we’re also collaborative and are not afraid to do a little extra to deliver excellent care – that’s just part of our commitment. if that sounds like a fit for you as well, we encourage you to apply.







job board tags







m*e #cbe





options

apply for this jobapplyshareemail this job to a friendrefer



share on your newsfeed




connect with mercy




what if i am not ready to apply? submit your resume here  and be considered for future opportunities!








go back to the welcome page

application faqssoftware powered by icimswww.icims.com









