




esse health careers








home
browse open jobs
search open jobs
edit your profile
view submitted applications




job details























requisition number
17-0179


post date
11/13/2017


title
business intelligence analyst


city
st. louis


state
mo


description
esse health is the largest independent physician practice in the st. louis metropolitan area with over 100 physicians, in 39 locations serving nearly 130,000 patients.

this individual is responsible for data analysis using business intelligence tools and development principles. the successful candidate will be well versed in rdbms, highly proficient in sql programming, familiar with bi technologies and tools, database development
 and use, experience with clinical applications, and have the ability to communicate to both technical and business audiences. this individual will provide subject matter expertise on clinical data through reporting, management, and analysis services to assist
 with problem solving, data mining, and decision making, identifying enhancements to improve data quality and clinical operational efficiencies, and planning. the role will be pivotal to the team to upgrade and develop the organization’s enterprise business
 intelligence solutions in 2017 – with sharepoint, sql 2012 always on, and power bi experience.


requirements
preferred qualifications:
bachelor's degree in computer science, management information systems, related field, or an equivalent combination of education, training and experience is required. a minimum of two years’ hands-on experience working with database and warehouse technologies
 and architectures required. a minimum of two years’ experience with implementation of enterprise reporting tools such as (ssrs) sql server reporting services, and understanding of how to develop, deploy and create subscriptions. experience in sql server analysis
 services and integration services. experience in nextgen applications and data mining - end user experience and database details preferred. previous experience with healthcare (3+ years) and knowledge of health care industry data highly preferred.


physical requirements:
the ability to sit for prolonged periods of time. manual dexterity to operate personal computers and standard office machines. the ability to lift 25 pounds.




apply on-line



send this job to a friend








copyright ©  ultimate software




