





it data analyst - chesterfield, mo - navvis  jobs









 














home
jobs




it data analyst - chesterfield, mo

toggle navigation








it data analyst 

jobslogin 











 10-nov-2017 to 09-jan-2018 (cst) it chesterfield, mo, usa full time 

 comprehensive benefits package including medical, dental, vision, 401k, life insurance and pto


email me similar jobs email me this job



about us:
navvis, the healthcare growth and diversification company, is leading the charge to partner with organizations across america to transform healthcare. our approach is totally different in that it enables volume-based growth through value-based performance, unlocking economic strength to drive transformation. we combine the right strategies with operational excellence, supported by an integrated technology platform, that creates a growth services organization for our partners in healthcare. we design, build, and manage uniquely deployed payment models, care delivery transformation systems, and physician alignment strategies, helping our healthcare partners deliver on their missions, expand their margins, and thrive in their markets.  www.navvishealthcare.com
position summary:
the data analyst sits in the information technology (it) department and will be responsible for the management and monitoring of multi-source data files that drive value based care operations. the analyst will monitor and report on the data file inputs for timeliness and completeness, continuously monitoring performance of file transfers and developing quality control plans to drive process improvements. the data analyst will lead investigations and research as needed to assure data integrity, accuracy and consistency.
position responsibilities:

identify, analyze, and intepret trends or patterns in complex data sets.
lead investigations and research as needed to assure data integrity, accuracy and consistency.
work with vendors to acquire data from primary or secondary data sources and maintain databases/data systems.
ensure data inputs continue to update at designated times (near real time and batch).
use statistical techniques to analyze data and provide ongoing reports.
develop and implement data collection systems and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and data quality.
filter and "clean" data, and review computer reports, printouts, and performance indicators to locate and correct code problems.
work closely with management to prioritize business and information needs.
locate and define new process improvement opportunities.
other duties as assigned.

preferred qualifications:

5+ years of proven work experience in a healthcare setting.
strong knowledge of and experience with reporting packages (business objects, etc.) and databases (sql, etc.).
proven experience with secure file transfer protocol.
technical expertise regarding data models, database design development, data mining and segmentation techniques.
knowledge of statistics and experience using statistical packages and programming (xml, vb script) for analyzing large datasets (excel, spss, sas).
strong analytical skills with the ability to collect, organize, analyze, and disseminate significant amounts of information with attention to detail and accuracy.
adept at queries, report writing and presenting findings.

preferred degrees/licensures:

bs in mathematics, economics, computer science, information management or statistics.


navvis 
https://navvis.aaimtrack.com






apply now
with our quick 3 minute application!



you have javascript disabled on your browser. you will not be able to apply for this position without enabling javascript. if you need assistance with enabling javascript, please click here for assistance.





 

* fields are required




what is your full name?




first name



last name





how can we contact you?


email





phone number



number type

home
cell
work







apply for this position
apply for this position







sign up for job alerts!








share this page















 


 


maintained by aaim - © 2017



refresh




 
 
 
 



















