


    jr. data quality analyst at label insight

























label insight
















jr. data quality analyst

st. louis, missouri, united states
full-time





we are looking for a motivated, detail-oriented professional to join us in the role of jr. data quality analyst. in this role you will drive data quality process from the initial collection phase to products going live on the label insight platform. this position provides a great opportunity to grow and develop a career in a fast-paced startup environment.
responsibilities:

drive data quality process from the initial collection phase to products going live on the label insight platform always keeping in mind the extreme complexity of the data and needs for accuracy.
design and manage workflows for quality review and improvement.
review and report on quality from all elements of the product workflow.
propose ideas for tracking and improving data quality processes
analyze large amounts of data to determine where workflow, workforce and overall project improvements can be achieved
participate in larger development solution conversations
collaborate with engineering to design scenario/validation testing within our vendor-facing platform
monitor production quality from various external and offshore resources
implementing, documenting and communicating best/standard practices where applicable
liaising with other internal departments to uncover additional quality based requirements.
strategic and tactical oversight of master data quality
responsible for customer and product master data quality – both accuracy and timeliness
ownership of customer and product master data quality metrics, audits, and key indicators.
drive best practice process improvements based on investigation/analysis and solicited feedback, including updates to business data definitions, governance policy, and data quality metrics.

your credentials:

bachelor's degree required ( a bachelors of science in mathematics, computer science, data analytics or related fields preferable ).
experience in process monitoring and quality assurance of large data environments
demonstrated experience working within data analytics with tools such as sas or spss
excellent communication skills
a desire to work in a start-up environment – this role will have some responsibilities outside of the normal 9-5 workday. we work at a very fast pace and things change frequently.
project management skills or experience is preferred
proficiency in excel
experience in mysql is required
experience in apache solr is a plus
experience working with business intelligence tools preferred
experience working in a technology focused environment is preferred

about label insight:
label insight is a high-growth technology company founded with the mission of helping cpg companies and retailers to help their consumers understand what’s in the products they use and consume. our world class saas data platform is transforming the way brands and retailers interact with and share product data in order to bring product transparency to the consumer.
our team is unique because it’s comprised not only of tech engineers and data scientists, but food science, nutrition experts and product formulation specialists, that enable the enriched attribution capability of our tools. we’ve also attracted top senior executive talent with decades of leadership experience to help manage our rapid growth and scale.
our values:
as a team, we share a common set of values: we are innovative problem solvers. we believe in transparency, both in our product and in our work. we have curious minds and aren’t afraid to challenge the status quo. we value scientific inquiry. we aren’t afraid to take risks, and fail fast to learn and improve. we embrace uniqueness. we are lifelong learners and value intellectual honesty. 





apply for this opening





                                        apply with linkedin
                                    






                                    apply with indeed
                                


apply for this opening at 
                        http://labelinsight.recruiterbox.com/jobs/fk0fxqy?apply=true



 other openings at label insight
                                
see all the jobs at label insight here: 
                                    http://labelinsight.recruiterbox.com/jobs
                                






                        fetching your linkedin profile ...
                    



application form




                        apply with linkedin
                    





                        apply with indeed
                    






                        first name
                         *
                    




                        last name
                        
                    




                        email
                         *
                    




                        phone
                         *
                    




                        resume
                         *
                    




                        cover letter
                        
                    





                        requested salary range
                         *
                    
















thanks for your time





apply for this opening



                    apply with linkedin
                



                    apply with indeed
                

share this opening with friends








 other openings at label insight
                    
see all the jobs at label insight here: 
                        http://labelinsight.recruiterbox.com/jobs
                    














powered by
recruiterbox















