









career center































new search
                       
                    


login page
                       
                    














position description























 



senior data analyst




location


st. louis, mo (hq)




job code


5740




# of openings


1




apply now
senior data analyst
 
 
world wide technology (wwt) is a global technology integrator and supply chain solutions provider. through our culture of innovation we inspire, build and deliver business results, from idea to outcome.
 
based in st. louis, wwt works closely with industry leaders such as cisco, hpe, dell emc, netapp, vmware and f5, focusing on three market segments: fortune 500 companies, service providers and the public sector.  wwt employs more than 4,000 people and operates in more than 2 million square feet of state-of-the-art warehousing, distribution and integration space strategically located throughout the world.  wwt is proud to announce that it has been named on the fortune "100 best places to work for®" list for the fifth consecutive year and was awarded #5 on glassdoor’s 2017 employees' choice awards, honoring the best places to work.
 
world wide technology, inc. has an opportunity available for a senior data analyst to support our business development team located in st. louis, mo.
 
responsibilities:


deliver solutions to business users that are aligned to best practices and provide thought leadership in the analytics space


identify and analyze requirements, procedures, and business issues to improve existing processes for the capture of data


autonomous and self-motivated – execute on requirements both independently and with team collaboration


lead business users in requirement gathering and documentation for metric and dashboard development


answer frequent ad hoc data requests


be a subject matter expert for data and processes in the sales and business development organization


 organize, consolidate, maintain, and work to prune and replace legacy reports


train business “power users” on self-service reporting tools


 provide ongoing support of any reporting and analytic needs
 


qualifications:


exceptional analytical and conceptual problem-solving abilities


strong interest in utilizing data science to solve business problems


desire to creatively take on new challenges and work outside of comfort zone


excellent verbal and written communication skills


desire to learn new technologies and analytics techniques


3+ years of experience using data to solve problems and answer business questions


working knowledge of python or other advanced analytics platform


familiarity with core analysis techniques


working knowledge of javascript


advanced knowledge and experience with tableau, power bi, or other data visualization platform


 
world wide technology, inc. offers excellent benefits and competitive compensation. visit our company web page at www.wwt.com for more information. 
 
 
equal opportunity employer minorities/women/veterans/disabled

back
email
apply now



























