
data analyst job - national geospatial-intelligence agency - st. louis, mo | indeed.com






















skip to job description, searchclose









find jobscompany reviewsfind salariesfind resumesemployers / post job







upload your resume


sign in







:







what
where





advanced job search


 

 



 



job title, keywords or company


city, state, or zip












data analyst

national geospatial-intelligence agency
     -
st. louis, mo


cover letterapplicants are not required to submit a cover letter. the entire cover letter cannot exceed the specified limits provided in the cover letter field (3,000 characters). pages exceeding this limit will not be considered. the cover letter is recommended but is not required for employment consideration with the national geospatial-intelligence agency. applicants should place their narrative information in the cover letter / other professional details field.pay, benefits, & work schedulepromotion opportunity: promotion opportunities allow applicants at all band levels to be considered. qualifications for nga positions do not include specific time-in-band requirements. nga will emphasize quality of experience, rather than duration, and assess how the quality of the experience demonstrates possession of the knowledge, skills, abilities, and competencies necessary for successful job performance in the nga occupational structure.band 03 $60,613 - $123,234band 04 $86,391 - $145,629permanent change in station: pcs expenses are authorized.pay is only part of the compensation you will earn working for the federal government. we offer a broad array of benefits programs and family friendly flexibilities to meet the needs of you and your family.for more information on the array of benefits programs, please visit https://www.intelligencecareers.gov/nga/ngabenefits.htmldutiesonly electronic submissions will be accepted.additional position infoadditional information: nga seeks data analyst who understands data, how to view it, manipulate it, influence it and analyze it to support missions such as national intelligence, national security, military operations, military planning, and disaster relief and preparedness for a diverse audience including the department of defense, the intelligence community, and senior us and foreign government officials up to and including the united states congress and the president of the united states. the data analyst will be part of a multi-disciplinary team constructed to use design and computational thinking to find scalable solutions to the agency's most challenging and highest priority problems sets.band 03: data analysts apply moderately complex tools and algorithms to identify trends and patterns in data. they communicate with stakeholders and conduct research to develop an intermediate understanding of relevant programs and requirements. these analysts identify and collect moderately structured data from various sources, evaluate the data to ensure that they meet analytic needs, and prepare the data for analysis. they also select, apply, and assess a variety of analytic models and techniques, and review and verify the results. they prepare reports and briefings and consult with stakeholders to communicate findings.* analyze and interpret statistical data to identify trends or relationships among variables and factors that could affect the results of research* apply mathematical principles or statistical approaches to solve moderately complex problems in scientific or applied fields* prepare statistical reports, to include graphics or other visual representations of informationband 04: data analysts lead efforts to apply complex tools and algorithms to identify trends and patterns in data. they communicate with stakeholders and conduct research to develop a comprehensive understanding of relevant programs and requirements. these analysts identify and collect unstructured data from various sources, evaluate the data to ensure that they meet analytic needs, and prepare the data for analysis. they also select, apply, and assess advanced analytic models and techniques, and review and verify the results. they lead the preparation of reports and briefings and consult with stakeholders to communicate findings.* analyze and interpret statistical data and communicate the identified trends or relationships among variables and factors that could affect the results of research* apply mathematical principles or statistical approaches to solve complex problems in scientific or applied fields* identify the proper techniques and reports necessary to present results of analyses to intended audienceshighly desired skillsqualification criteria: in addition to the mandatory qualifications, experience in the following is desired:1) education: applied mathematics, computer science, data science, geographic information science, informatics and computing, information science, operations research, statistics, or a related discipline;2) experience: software coding: c++ java, and/or statistics & modelling: r, python, and/or query languages: sql, nosql, and/or scripting: javascript, python, cloud services design, algorithm development, data visualization, big data /data modelling, machine vision & deep learning, optimization.how to apply - externalapplication submission involves applying using the intelligence community's applicant gateway on-line application process.only electronic submissions will be accepted.notesas a condition of employment at nga, persons being considered for employment must meet nga fitness for employment standards.- u.s. citizenship required- security clearance (top secret/sensitive compartmented information)- polygraph test required- position subject to drug testing- two year probationary period- direct deposit requiredhow will i be evaluated?applicant evaluation process: applicants will be evaluated for this job opportunity in three stages:1) all applicants will be evaluated using the mandatory qualification criteria,2) qualified applicants will then be evaluated by an expert or panel of experts using a combination of qualification criteria to determine the best-qualified candidates,3) best-qualified applicants may then be further evaluated through an interview process.applicants are encouraged to carefully review the assignment description, additional information provided by the selecting official, and the qualification requirements; and then construct their resumes to highlight their most relevant and significant experience and education for this job opportunity. this description should include examples that detail the level and complexity of the performed work. applicants are encouraged to provide any education information referenced in the announcement. if education is listed as a mandatory requirement, only degrees obtained from an institution accredited by an accrediting organization recognized by the secretary, us department of education will be accepted.in accordance with section 9902(h) of title 5, united states code, annuitants reemployed in the department of defense shall receive full annuity and salary upon appointment. they shall not be eligible for retirement contributions, participation in the thrift savings plan, or a supplemental or redetermined annuity for the reemployment period. discontinued service retirement annuitants (i.e., retired under section 8336(d)(1) or 8414(b)(1)(a) of title 5, united states code) appointed to the department of defense may elect to be subject to retirement provisions of the new appointment as appropriate. (see dod instruction 1400.25, volume 300, at http://www.dtic.mil/whs/directives.)all candidates will be considered without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, marital status, disability, or sexual orientation.dcips disclaimernga utilizes all processes and procedures of the defense civilian intelligence personnel system (dcips). non-executive nga employees are assigned to five distinct pay bands based on the type and scope of work performed. the employee's base salary is established within their assigned pay band based on their unique qualifications. a performance pay process is conducted each year to determine a potential base pay salary increase and/or bonus. an employee's annual performance evaluation is a key factor in the performance pay process. employees on term or temporary appointments are not eligible to apply for internal assignment opportunity notices.this position is a dcips position in the excepted service under 10 u.s.c. 1601. dod components with dcips positions apply veterans' preference to preference eligible candidates as defined by section 2108 of title 5 usc, in accordance with the procedures provided in dod instruction 1400.25, volume 2005, dcips employment and placement. if you are an external applicant claiming veterans' preference, as defined by section 2108 of title 5 u.s.c., you must self-identify your eligibility in your application.this position is funded by the national intelligence program (nip).additional job requirementsyou must be able to obtain and retain a top secret security clearance with access to sensitive compartmented information. in addition, you are subject to a counterintelligence polygraph examination in order to maintain access to top secret information. all employees are subject to a periodic examination on a random basis in order to determine continued eligibility. refusal to take the examination may result in denial of access to top secret information, sap, and/or unescorted access to scifs.employees with sci access and who are under nga cognizance are required to submit a security financial disclosure report, sf-714, on an annual basis in order to determine continued eligibility. failure to comply may negatively impact continued access to top secret information, information systems, sap, and/or unescorted access to scifs.job type: full-time

indeed - 3 days ago   -  save job










apply now


other jobs you may like


data quality analyst, enterprise data

nisa investment advisors, l.l.c. -
					st. louis, mo
1 day ago


data analyst

ohm systems, inc -
					st. louis, mo
9 hours ago

 easily apply



sql data analyst

pci staffing solutions inc. -
					st. louis, mo
5 days ago

 easily apply



principal healthcare data analyst

essence group holdings corporation -
					st. louis, mo
4 days ago


data analyst (w2-contract)

pamten -
					st. louis, mo
pamten - 
					9 days ago






data analyst jobs in st. louis, mo


jobs at national geospatial-intelligence agency in st. louis, mo


data analyst salaries in st. louis, mo




 let employers find youthousands of employers search for candidates on indeedupload your resume










about - help center


©2017 indeed - cookies, privacy and terms



let employers find you  upload your resume













            did you apply to this job?


                yes
            -
            
                i plan to apply
            -
            
                no, i don't intend to apply



                yes
            -
            
                no





