





















workforce data analyst in st louis, mo - ascension























my applications

















home / careers / workforce data analyst
								

back to search results






job id: 221319
workforce data analyst
st louis, missouri

										regular
										 / 
										day
									


apply now


additional job information  title: workforce data analystcity, state:  st louis,molocation:  mostl 4600 headquartersdepartment:   workforce plan and analys 001additional job details:  full-time,day, 40 hours,weeklymarketing statement  ascension is a faith-based healthcare organization dedicated to transformation through innovation across the continuum of care. as the largest non-profit health system in the u.s. and the world's largest catholic health system, ascension is committed to delivering compassionate, personalized care to all, with special attention to persons living in poverty and those most vulnerable. in fy2016, ascension provided more than $1.8 billion in care of persons living in poverty and other community benefit programs. ascension includes approximately 150,000 associates and 36,000 aligned providers. ascension's healthcare division operates 2,500 sites of care – including 141 hospitals and more than 30 senior living facilities – in 24 states and the district of columbia, while its solutions division provides a variety of services and solutions including physician practice management, venture capital investing, investment management, biomedical engineering, facilities management, clinical care management, information services, risk management, and contracting through ascension's own group purchasing organization. job description  job summary:the workforce data analyst provides analytical and system support across the talent organization enabling data-driven decision making and planning by talent leadership in collaboration with business leaders. this position supports a center-of-expertise (coe) and enterprise-wide approach to data management, analysis, and reporting. the incumbent supports the process and data collection for all applications utilized by the hr coe teams and operations teams.responsibilities:
works with talent leadership to develop, enhance, generate, and maintain reports/dashboards for end users taking highly complex information and producing user-friendly outputs
supports local and mwf human resources with meeting data and reporting requirements, coordinating with msc, peoplesoft reporting, and ais
partners with report users, system “owners”, and the data warehouse/data lake team to create business requirements for new data warehouse integration files
researches best practices in the areas of workforce planning and analytics; share findings with the talent team and incorporate into daily work as appropriate
supports driving content implementation and user engagement in new workforce analytics and planning tools
serves as quality assurance checkpoint as new data sources are implemented on analytics platforms
ensures data integrity, testing of system changes, report writing and data analysis flows for process improvement opportunities
approaches analytical requests or projects with a research mindset, which includes understanding what problem is being solved for and what is needed to arrive at a successful conclusion
provides production support through problems analysis and resolution to correct deficiencies within reporting applications
accurately estimates resource time and efforts required to complete requests
qualificationseducation:bachelors level degree preferred in such fields as statistics, psychology, economics, and/or information technologywork experience:
at least 2 years of work experience as a data and reporting analyst
two years of peoplesoft (or other erp) application user experience
must pass proprietary peoplesoft query exam within 70 days of hire
demonstrated experience with ms office suite including excel, word, powerpoint, visio, access
advanced excel (formulas, pivot tables, charting/visualizations, reporting, and dashboard building, and vba)
experience working with analytics software solutions, such tableau, qlik, sas, or other similar vendor solutions, strongly preferred
ability to draw conclusions from raw data and summarize results quickly and efficiently
understands requirements to maintain an accurate data/reporting environment that meets operational needs
excellent written and verbal communication skills, specifically an ability to communicate effectively across all management level
exceptional time management skills and attention to detail
experience in a healthcare environment preferred
 equal employment opportunity  ascension health is an eeo/aa employer: m/f/disabled/vet. for further information regarding your eeo rights, click on the following link to the “eeo is the law” poster:
http://www1.eeoc.gov/employers/upload/eeoc_self_print_poster.pdf”   please note that ascension will make an offer of employment only to individuals who have applied for a position using our official application. be on alert for possible fraudulent offers of employment. ascension will not solicit money or banking information from applicants.e-verify statement  ascension health participates in the electronic employment verification program. please click the e-verify link below for more information.e-verify (link to e-verify site) 




share:












apply now






questions?
for questions about a position, the application process – or if you require reasonable accommodation to complete an application – contact: candidate care at 1-855-778-6037, m-f from 7:00am to 7:00pm central time.please note that ascension will make an offer of employment only to individuals who have applied for a position using our official application. be on alert for possible fraudulent offers of employment. ascension will not solicit money or banking information from applicants. if you have questions about an employment offer you have received, please call 1-855-778-6037.



















join our talent network
internal applicants

ascension is the largest nonprofit health system in the u.s. and the world's largest catholic health system.
copyright 2017 ascension. all rights reserved. **all third party trademarks are the property of their respective owner(s).
























