data / business analyst (st. louis, mo) | ferguson consultingferguson consulting, inc.it projectsit peopleit careersabout uscontactdo you want to advance your it career?we invest in our employees to keep them on the leading edge.compatabilitycapabilityflexibilitycareers navigationoverviewfaqsjob openingsbenefitsbest practicesu061417: data / business analystjob location:st. louis, mothe role: .as an it professional with ferguson consulting, you will have the opportunity to develop state-of-the-art technical skills. you will need the maturity, motivation and some previous client experience to work productively in our client organizations. as a ferguson employee, and a consultant to our end client, you will be able to focus on your technical skills development - which is what we do best. our rigorous screening for technical skills and client compatibility and our commitment to continuing education make our consultant’s valuable assets to the clients we serve. our client’s know that ferguson’s professionals will fit seamlessly with their operations and their staff. we’ve learned over the years how to comply with our clients’ unique procurement procedures and to keep in step with their overall processes so we can be responsive to their requests and requirements. position overviewas a fulltime employee of ferguson consulting, your first assignment will be working as a data analyst to complete a data-migration project currently underway. the ideal candidate will lead and execute all data-migration efforts under limited supervision. the project is focused on migrating united access' existing sql-based erp data into a salesforce-based crm / erp managed package. an analysis will need to be conducted of existing etl requirements, mappings, and the work completed thus far in excel/power query. the ideal candidate will be capable of functioning as both a business and data analyst, interpreting the needs of the business through to technical execution. this project may potentially expand to include additional data sources. responsibilities  responsible for the management and execution of all etl efforts between a legacy sql erp and a salesforce-based erp  perform audit, reconciliation, and exception reporting  capable of operating within migration constraints that require singular loads of data, as well as transitional scheduled data loads between systems to ensure synchronicity  develops, validates, documents, and maintains business and functional requirements and conducts structured walkthroughs of requirements with business and project team members  may work with project teams to support requirements gathering    defines data mapping specifications to support data transformation  facilitates the identification of common data elements and their definition  facilitates the identification of master data elements and their definition  evaluates business requests to determine feasibility; researches and identifies options  may lead qa testing, user acceptance testing and troubleshooting to ensure client/user needs are met  evaluates and tracks new or enhanced solutions to determine potential issues and communicates how problems may affect business    responds to questions from business and it teams and proactively maintains open line of communication  participates in change management activities, q&a testing, troubleshooting, and investigation  performs task automation and implements process improvements; recommends enhancements that result in increased quality and service  maintains regular and predictable attendance  performs other duties as assigned  requirements  5+ years it-related experience, preferably in data analysis advanced oral and written communication skills demonstrating ability to share and impart knowledge with different levels of business users, especially ones with no technical background. maintains open line of communication with the business using the business’ language not technical language ability to quickly adapt to new methods advanced investigative, analytical and problem solving skills. must be detail oriented and organized  ability to set goals and handle multiple tasks, clients, and projects simultaneously; ability to appropriately balance priorities, deadlines, and deliverables ability to work effectively within a team environment and participate in department/team projects ability to translate business needs and problems into viable/accepted solutions ability to liaise with individuals across a wide variety of operational, functional, and technical disciplines bachelor's degree or equivalent experience  proven success with etl data migration efforts  preferred:   8+ years it-related experience, such as business analysis, data analysis, etc.  salesforce data loader, object data model, and/or soap api experience strongly preferred  strong sql expertise  familiarity with data migration tools, such as dbamp  the benefits: we hire it professionals who like to work with smart people and can hold their own in a demanding environment. our employees build a career at ferguson. here it isn’t a support function for our business – it is our business. we strive to develop a professional relationship with each employee – and that is what you are, our direct employee. our pay and benefit levels recognize the advanced skills of our talented staff members. in addition, we are unique in our market in the emphasis that we place on continuing education, including an annual training allowance that is an integral part of our compensation package. this kind of investment in our employees’ professional development is an important contributor to making ferguson a desirable place to build an it career. as a w-2 employee, your first assignment will be just that – the first of many. our goal is to establish a long-term employee relationship with you.the compensation: highly competitive base salary. paid overtime $.60/$1 401k match160 hours of paid time off (pto) benefitsbonus systemhealth, vision, dental, and life insuranceshort-term and long-term disabilitytraining allowance for leading industry professional training with slu/wash u.how to apply: if you are looking for a change and/or are interested in building or continuing your career as an it professional and have the ability to thrive in challenging, fast-paced environments, we want to hear from you. please send your resume to katie mcelhone at kmcelhone@fergcons.com please review our website fergusonconsultinginc.com and find out more about who we are and what we can do for you.w-2 candidates only. no corp-to-corp. katie mcelhoneferguson consulting1350 timberlake manor parkway, suite 500chesterfield,mo 63017(636) 728-4406kmcelhone@fergcons.comwww.fergusonconsultinginc.comback to the list of open positions subscribe to ferguson consulting career opportunities rss feed.what our employees are sayingi have confidence in ferguson’s management and their values. i have always felt treated as a person, not a number.— ferguson employee since 2005ferguson has always been proactive about lining up my next assignment and getting me the best rate possible.— ferguson employee since 2000ferguson's management and staff take a sincere interest in the careers of their consultants. they understand the industry like no other firm i have worked for.— ferguson employee since 2008ferguson works hard laying the groundwork so that it’s easy for the consultant to succeed on the assignment.— a ferguson employee since 1994in the solutions group we operate from an ‘end product with certainty’ perspective. it can be challenging to guarantee total satisfaction to our client, but it’s immensely rewarding to deliver on that promise.— solutions group employeehomecontactjob openingsemail disclaimercopyright © 2006-2017 ferguson consulting, inc. all rights reserved.