




data scientist - geospatial intern/co−op at monsanto























skip navigation















who we hire
working at monsanto
inclusion & diversity
student opportunities
our benefits
monsanto.com














search our jobs  
search our jobs


keyword



location




radius
select radius
5 miles
15 miles
25 miles
35 miles
50 miles



search




discover matches to jobs using your linkedin profile  »









data scientist - geospatial intern/co−op
st. louis 
                       ,  missouri                    
 req id 01kk1 


apply now
apply later




overview
success profile
rewards
responsibilities
trending
map
featured jobs



at monsanto you will enjoy a team-focused environment that thrives on innovation and encourages you to do extraordinary things. by incorporating cutting-edge technology and your experience, you will push the limits of agricultural technology and help change the world. are you ready to begin?

full-time
level: all
 



success profile
what does it take to be successful at monsanto? check out the traits below to see if you have the right combination of talents.








































software/infrastructure skilled
embraces inclusion & diversity
team player
self-motivated
entrepreneurial aptitude
driven & organized
loves to code
working in a matrix




who we are we at monsanto are more than 20,000 employees dedicated to contributing to a smarter way to feed the world. you can find us at 404 facilities across 67 countries. we’re a diverse group of thinkers with one common goal: helping to make a balanced meal accessible. together, we foster a culture of inclusion and innovation and we are working for sustainable agriculture.
learn more





what's this jobreally like?






































read more about agriculture and computer science at monsanto











rewards


compensation:
monsanto offers competitive pay and benefits, as well as other exciting rewards.


insurance (medical, dental, vision):
monsanto offers a health and insurance benefits program that allows you to tailor your own benefits package.


paid time off:
we believe we can all be more effective individuals if there's a proper balance among the various demands of work, family and life.


paid training:
internal and external seminars and conferences are available to increase your technical, professional and managerial skills.


savings plan:
we provide you an opportunity to save up to 25% of your eligible pay in a personal savings program to which monsanto also contributes.


variety and collaboration:
opportunities to participate in varied types of projects and get new experiences from partnerships with many organizations within monsanto.




responsibilities
monsanto is passionate about using science and technology to improve agriculture. technology continues to evolve at an ever-rapid rate, and it is foremost to monsanto’s success today and in the future to evolve as well. the global it analytics team within products and engineering looks to find creative and innovative solutions to enable success within our research pipeline while identifying and capitalizing on new opportunities to maintain and grow our position as the market leader. the ability to examine and optimize our current methods coupled with an eye on the future lends itself to a unique opportunity within our organization.we currently have an opportunity available for a geospatial data scientist to join our global it analytics team within the products and engineering organization in it. the successful candidate will use the latest mathematical and statistical innovations to propose analytic solutions that accommodate emerging trends in data quantity and quality. the data scientist will design and test algorithms and conduct prototyping to evaluate possible scenarios leveraging computational and statistical techniques for the development of novel approaches for high-throughput big data analyses. the successful candidate will have the opportunity to work collaboratively with interdisciplinary scientists internal and external to monsanto, organize challenging problems, develop new solutions, and work with business & development teams to ensure these solutions deliver value. 
required skills:

pursuing a phd in mathematics, statistics, spatial statistics, geoinformatics, environmental modeling, engineering, computer science, or computational biology
proficiency in spatial and/or temporal statistical modeling
experience with statistical modeling and data mining
experience analyzing and presenting complex data and proven problem solving abilities
experience with statistical and mathematical programming packages (r, matlab, python)
strong publication record in leading scientific journals
strong organizational, interpersonal, and written communication skills
ability to work in a matrix environment, leading & influencing people at varying levels of responsibility

desired skills:

experience building spatio-temporal models and predictive models is highly desired
expertise in spatial auto-correlation modeling, bayesian statistics, spatial econometrics, or topological data analysis
pattern recognition (conditional random fields, hidden markov models, maximum entropy markov models, etc)
proficiency in machine learning algorithms and concepts (ensembles, deep learning, svm, etc.)
experience in stochastic modeling and simulation
experience working with agricultural/biological scientific data is highly desired
drive for translating business problems into research initiatives that deliver business value
creativity in defining challenging exploratory projects
ability to code in java, c, hadoop, mapreduce, pyspark, spark, c++




doing great things



putting military skills to work:
at monsanto, we value the leadership, tenacity, adaptability, teamwork, and performance orientation skills and attributes that veterans and service members bring to the table.
learn more



inclusion & diversity
creating an inclusive environment where employees of all genders, ethnicities, backgrounds and orientations feel welcome and able to contribute is core to creating a great place to work.
learn more



making a difference:
giving is a natural part of what we do at monsanto. as a company, we are committed to making lives better.
learn more






map
st. louis
view our location

 









































get job news and event updates
first namelast namephone numberemail addressinterested insearch for a category / location, select a term from the suggestions, and click “add.”categorylocationaddinformation technology, st. louis, missouri, united statesremovestudents, st. louis, missouri, united statesremoveremove

confirm email















        		800 n. lindbergh boulevard
        		
        		st. louis, mo 63167
        	

facebook









©2002-2017 monsanto company – all rights reserved sitemap|
legal notice|privacy policy|
contact us







news & stories


conversation


news releases




innovation


products


our brands


seeds


agricultural biologicals


crop protection


safety information






company


investors


careers


contact us


more


america's farmers


modern agriculture


monsanto fund





sign up for our email newsletter

        				the monsanto newsletter brings you the latest modern agriculture news each month.
        			


first name *

last name

email *










©2002-2017 monsanto company – all rights reserved sitemap|terms & conditions|privacy policy|contact us












