
data reporting specialist job - premium retail services - st. louis, mo | indeed.com






















skip to job description, searchclose










find jobscompany reviewsfind salariesfind resumesemployers / post job







upload your resume


sign in







:







what
where





advanced job search


 

 



 



job title, keywords or company


city, state, or zip












data reporting specialist

premium retail services


321 reviews
 -
st. louis, mo


job summarypartners with analysts in data preparationpulls data from excel and access databasescreates and completes queries; appends tables.devise, develop and deploy required data queries in response to business needsresponsibilities and dutiespartners with analysts in data preparationpulls data from excel and access databasescreates and completes queries; appends tables.devise, develop and deploy required data queries in response to business needsqualifications and skillsability to organize and complete multiple priorities on timeexcellent skills in relational databasesstrong data manipulation skillsmicrosoft office suite (excel, access, outlook, powerpoint) advanced skills/proficiencyself-motivated and self-directed while working effectively in a team environmentkeen attention to detailproven track record of effectively prioritizing and executing tasks in high-pressure environmentshigh degree of professionalism and respect for confidentialityability to express complex technical and abstract concepts effectively both verbally and in writingproven track record in multi-tasking, demand management, problem solving, organization, and prioritization skillssuccessful history of providing excellent customer service to internal and/or external clients or customershigh school diploma required; undergraduate degree preferredbenefitsa competitive salary along with a full benefits package including medical, dental, company paid life, short term disability, voluntary life, 401k match and a generous paid time off program.company: premium has been pioneering bold retail strategies, tools and technologies since 1985 with a single goal: to help our partners advance their industries and the lives of their consumers.experts in strategy, merchandising, brand advocacy and support, we employ a tailored approach to answering each client’s unique business needs. together with our clients, we're inventing and leading a new era in retail, moving forward by moving beyond what's expected.behind every decision. premium.premium careers: retail experience? check. an unbeatable work ethic? check. a burning desire to be part of a team delivering results for a cutting-edge roster of clients? check. you just might be premium.propel brands to new heights with integrity and imagination. join our team and be the next big thing.equal opportunity employer | background check required | drug test required | e-verify employerjob type: full-timesalary: $0.00 /yearjob location:st. louis, morequired education:high school or equivalentrequired experience:pivot tables: 1 yearadvanced excel: 2 yearsrelational databases: 1 yearvlookup: 1 year

27 days ago   -  save job









» apply now

            please review all application instructions before applying to premium retail services.






other jobs you may like


sql data analyst

pci staffing solutions inc. -
					st. louis, mo
5 days ago

 easily apply



customer service specialist

bullhorn -
					st. louis, mo
15 days ago


product data specialist

cca global partners -
					st. louis, mo
16 days ago


customer master data specialist

laird technologies, inc. -
					earth city, mo
1 day ago


data specialist

advanced icu care -
					st. louis, mo
30+ days ago





 









                        premium retail services



321 reviews

                premium has been pioneering bold retail strategies, tools and technologies since 1985 with a single goal: to help our partners advance their...



let employers find youthousands of employers search for candidates on indeedupload your resume










about - help center


©2017 indeed - cookies, privacy and terms



let employers find you  upload your resume











