



csci consulting careers - data analyst
























 










                                                    csci consulting careers                                            







                data analyst
    
    

                            financial management consulting            
                    scott air force base,
                            illinois
                
                        



        apply
    


description

data analyst                                                     ­about cscicsci is an award-winning information technology and financial management consulting firm founded on one simple philosophy: “do what is right, always.” we apply this philosophy across all elements of our growing business, from delivering world-class services for customers to providing an environment for associates that encourages personal and professional growth. at csci, work and fun aren’t diametrically opposed. our goal is to hire people with proven track records and retain them with an energizing, diverse company culture. we value each associate’s natural drive to excel, and we provide them with the freedom to do things their way. csci seeks the best and brightest in the industry; those who are ready to move their lives and career forward. join us today, and get excited about mondays again.  responsibilitiessupporting project teams in carrying out large scale repeatable processes in several roles, including but not limited to:rate development and analysisdeveloping and applying cost models by utilizing various modeling tools while deriving insights from ambiguous data minimum requirementsactive dod secret security clearance1+ years’ experience in business consulting and/or financial management.experience using sql, cognos and microsoft access.bachelors’ degree in business, accounting or computer science.a degree of creativity and latitude is expected.ability to work with clients to understand their needs.strong organizational and time management skills.ability to maintain a positive relationship with customers and other vendors.demonstrated ability to comply with data standards and policies.excellent written and oral communication skills.professional presence is required.all candidates must be u.s. citizens and be able to pass a federal background investigation. preferred skills r programming experience is a plus.financial systems experience.capability to work in a team environment, as well as independently.possess motivation to learn new technologies and methodologies that demonstrate value.past experience working for a federal agency.  benefits of working at csci competitive salaries25 days total ptofull health benefit package including medical, dental and vision401k retirement planteam building events and employee parties csci consulting is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer minorities, females, veterans, individuals with disabilities, sexual orientation, and gender identity. while all candidates are considered, csci consulting encourages the above individuals to apply. csci consulting is committed to helping individuals with disabilities to participate in the workforce and ensuring equal opportunity to compete for jobs. if you require an accommodation, please contact csci human resources for further assistance. for questions regarding the qualifications listed above please contact the csci talent acquisition team.disclaimerthe above declarations are not intended to be an all-inclusive list of the duties and responsibilities of the job described, nor are they intended to be such a listing of the skills and abilities required to do the job. rather, they are intended only to describe the general nature of the job.  
 we are an e-verify employer where mandated by state or federal contracts. for more information, please click on the following links: e-verify participation poster: english | spanish e-verify right to work poster: english | spanish



        apply
    

        apply later    


            ← back to current openings        




share





linkedin




facebook




twitter




email






similar jobs





                                    {{ job.title }}
                                












powered by jobvite











