


careers center - data quality analyst, enterprise data

















































please enable cookies to continue
please enable cookies in your browser to experience all the personalized features of this site, including the ability to apply for a job.







welcome page







returning candidate?

log back in!












data quality analyst, enterprise data


job location

us-mo-st. louis





job id

2017-1534









overview






nisa investment advisors, llc (nisa) offers customized investment solutions for tax-exempt and taxable institutional clients. nisa manages over $140 billion in fixed income and equity securities and over $80 billion in derivative notional value.  we seek bright, motivated individuals who can contribute to our growing team of professionals. candidates with a high degree of independent thinking skills, strong analytical and quantitative skills, and team playing abilities are encouraged to apply.








responsibilities






as a member of the enterprise data department, the data quality analyst will work as part of a fast-paced team. responsibilities include development, implementation, maintenance, and support of data management processes, frameworks,  and data quality and data governance programs. the data quality analyst will work closely with various internal business units across the enterprise to provide solutions. the enterprise data group directs a concerted data and information management program involving all areas of nisa. the core focus on data includes both the strategy and deployment in order to leverage nisa’s data assets most effectively; ultimately providing intelligence, insights, and information from data assets. this specialized group, with specific expertise in data management, is charged with designing data systems and providing leadership, authority, and oversight of data assets, flows and lifecycles. topics of focus include: data governance, reference, meta & master data management, data warehousing, data quality management, analytic development, data modeling, design, analysis, architecture, and business intelligence & insights.








qualifications






bachelor's degree required and preferred in a field requiring strong analytical and quantitative skills such as computer science, engineering, business, mathematics, accounting, finance, quantitative finance, financial engineering, or information systemsgood communication, organization, and documentation skillsexperience with data governance, data quality management, data analysis, relational databases and query languages, i.e. sql preferredexperience working with business intelligence tools such as tableau business intelligence or microsoft sharepoint highly preferredstrong analytical and problem solving skills with close attention to detail, agile and iterative development experience preferredexperience within the financial services or related industry preferrednisa investment advisors, llc is an equal opportunity employer – minorities/females/veterans/individuals with disabilities/sexual orientation/gender identity.





options

apply for this job onlineapplysharerefer this job to a friendrefer


sorry the share function is not working properly at this moment. please refresh the page and try again later.

share on your newsfeed




need help finding the right job?




we can recommend jobs specifically for you!

click here to get started.








software powered by icimswww.icims.com









