


careers center - vehicle database analyst















































please enable cookies to continue
please enable cookies in your browser to experience all the personalized features of this site, including the ability to apply for a job.







welcome page







returning candidate?

log back in!












vehicle database analyst




category

information technology


type

regular full-time









overview






hunter engineering company is a global leader in the design and manufacture of innovative automotive service equipment located near st. louis, missouri. we are seeking a vehicle database analyst to join our research and development team.








responsibilities






job summary:the vehicle database analyst will support departmental efforts in researching, gathering and interpreting data/specifications for vehicle alignment, suspension design changes, vehicle electronic safety system advancements, and related automotive/vehicle data. qualifications and experience required:• applicants must have high-level database skills, including creating, modifying, and manipulating relational tables. oracle preferred.• must be skilled in sql (and pl/sql preferably). html and xml a plus.• must have strong experience in etl, including working with data in the form of spreadsheets, access tables and converting pdfs into structured data.• strong communication and analytical skills are required. strong automotive interest and good mechanical aptitude required. • familiarity with automotive cataloging and aces (aftermarket catalog exchange standard) a big plus.• must have strong experience in etl, including working with data extraction from a variety of sources, data conversion methods and data validation strategies.• strong communication, critical thinking and analytical skills are required. strong automotive interest and good mechanical aptitude required.








qualifications






education level required:a 4-year related degree preferred or equivalent professional training/certification. qualifications and experience required:• applicants must have high-level database skills, including creating, modifying, and manipulating relational tables. oracle preferred.• must be skilled in sql (and pl/sql preferably). html and xml a plus.• must have strong experience in etl, including working with data in the form of spreadsheets, access tables and converting pdfs into structured data.• strong communication and analytical skills are required. strong automotive interest and good mechanical aptitude required. • familiarity with automotive cataloging and aces (aftermarket catalog exchange standard) a big plus.





options

apply for this job onlineapplyshareemail this job to a friendrefer


sorry the share function is not working properly at this moment. please refresh the page and try again later.

share on your newsfeed






application faqssoftware powered by icimswww.icims.com









