







applicant searches


















   
  





































job descriptionsign in|new user
















previous in list


next in list





 






job details

















job title 


grant analyst (time limited) - research administration  - 38759


job id 


38759





location





danforth - main campus


full/part time 

full-time





regular/temporary 

regular



















job type/schedule







this position is full-time and works approximately 37.5 hours per week.  position hours are generally 8:30 a.m. - 5:00 p.m., monday through friday. this position is term limited through july 31, 2018.






department name/job location







this position is in the office of sponsored research.  this position is for the medical school campus.






essential functions







position summary:the office of sponsored research services provides mission-critical support and risk management to the university’s research enterprise. the grant analyst (ga) provides the dean and university institutional official review and approval of research grant and contract documents for all university submissions to external funding agencies. the ga enforces compliance and provides expert advice and training to faculty and administrators related to internal university/school and external agency procedures and policies related to research administration.primary duties and responisibilities 		maintain up-to-date knowledge of the regulatory and legal framework and vast compliance rules affecting sponsored research agreements. 		interpret external agency guidelines to advise administrators and faculty. 		provide detail-oriented review and institutional final approval of on-line proposal budgets, while providing expert guidance and enforcing compliance with university, school and external agency policies related to faculty eligibility and allowable costs. review submissions for adherence to federal regulations and agency requirements.  ensures accurate and timely submission of all proposals. 		provide detail-oriented review of final hard copy/electronic applications including review of budget, compliance information and conformity with a myriad of complex external electronic proposal systems to ensure proposals meet agency requirements. 		ensure accuracy of data in proposal development system (pds). budgets, compliance and information must be precise to provide for accurate data for osrs, departments, school, university and external reporting.award/post award 		analyze awards received from external funding agencies for required actions, terms, accuracy of dollars, and active assurances (animals, humans, conflict of interest, etc.) 		interpret grant and contract terms & conditions to ensure acceptable per university policies (e.g. intellectual property, indemnification, jurisdiction) 		exercise sound judgment regarding financial information in order to accurately create and approve accounts in university account profile system (aps) for department expenditures (payroll, purchasing, etc.) 		review and prepare agency documents (correspondence, prior approval requests, human and animal studies approvals, etc.) for submission to funding agencies. 		reconcile monthly exception reports to maintain accuracy of profile data required for all financial reporting needs related to sponsored projects at the university and school levels 		process project activation documents for preaward costs and no-cost extensions 		maintain pds award/decline data to coincide with profile data used for osrs, departments, school, university and external reportingother research administration activities 		develop, reconcile and maintain award reports (i.e. quarterly executive faculty) and award spreadsheets for specialized grants (training grants,  program projects, etc.) 		respond to funding agency requests and inquiries directed to the authorized institutional official and function as university liaison to government and agency representatives. 		provide expert advice and training to university research administrators and faculty on research administration processes and policies. 		data maintenance:  a) utilize proposal tracking system to manage upcoming proposal submissions and track submissions for department, school-level, university and external reporting, b) update and reconcile proposal development system submission data, c) analyze and submit department requests to information systems for pending proposal data for submissions 		assist manager and director with special projects 		perform other duties as assigned 






required qualifications







 		bachelor’s degree plus one year experience in research administration or a related field (e.g. accounting, contracts), or an equivalent combination of education, training and experience. 		strong analytical and organizational skills 		ability to exercise sound judgment, discretion, and tact 		ability to function effectively under tight deadlines and high volume 		ability to prioritize multiple tasks/requests/assignments and manage multiple priorities 		working knowledge of standard accounting procedures 		ability to utilize computerized systems – accounting, word processing, e-mail, internet, etc. 		ability to maintain a detail-oriented workload 		effective communication skills (written and verbal) 		excellent customer service orientation 		rapid proficiency of university proposal development and account profile systems. 		ability to maintain a detail-oriented workload 		ability to interact professionally with staff of federal government, sponsoring organizations, and with faculty and administrative staff at the university.






preferred qualifications







 		experience with sponsored research administration in a large university environment preferred. 		experience with accounting principles, federal and non-federal pre and post-award policies and university allowable cost principles.






salary range







the hiring range for this position is $43,231 - $55,126  annually.






benefits







-retirement savings plan -22 vacation days -8 paid holidays -sick time -tuition benefits for employee, spouse and dependent children -free metro link/ bus pass-free life insurance-health, dental, vision -health savings accounts (hsa)-long term disability insurance -flex spending plan -other benefits human resources website (hr.wustl.edu)






applicant special instructions







this position is term limited though until july 31, 2018.






eoe statement







washington university is an equal opportunity employer. all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, genetic information, disability, or protected veteran status.








































return to previous page










 



test




t
 




help


test     



 
careers job search default local node:dbname:portal:node:workcenter id:url:

