




career opportunities








software engineer


location:
raleigh


onsite required:



travel required:
tbd


job code:
1615


# of openings:
1



description
ntt data services
ntt data, inc. currently seeks multiple software engineers in raleigh, nc.
overview:
at ntt data services, we know that with the right people on board, anything is possible. the quality, integrity, and commitment of our employees have been key factors in our company’s growth and market presence.   by hiring the best people and helping them grow both professionally and personally, we ensure a bright future for ntt data and for the people who work here. our consulting practice helps solve problems and drive change by providing the expertise and specialized counsel to clients with industry-centric solutions.  
basic qualifications:

3 + years experience in software development and/or quality assurance

desired skills:


agile/scrum
javascript/protractor or angular
create automation frameworks (data driven, hybrid etc)
ci/cd - jenkins
cucumber
test-driven development, continuous integration, and automated testing
designing, developing and executing software 
works closely with developers, architects, and operations to ensure application code quality thru use of code reviews, unit test automation and will also be critical in standing up continuous integration and continuous delivery capabilities 
experience with automation tools & technologies: (similar)selenium web driver/coded ui/ protractor/sahi pro/karma, parasoft soatest, parasoft service virtualize
ability to drive strategy & change across organizations, build continuous integration/delivery automation solutions for each product/project
effectively communicate, collaborate, and deliver in a cross-team environment
strong problem solving skills


about ntt data services
ntt data services partners with clients to navigate and simplify the modern complexities of business and technology, delivering the insights, solutions and outcomes that matter most. we deliver tangible business results by combining deep industry expertise with applied innovations in digital, cloud and automation across a comprehensive portfolio of consulting, applications, infrastructure and business process services.
ntt data services, headquartered in plano, texas, is a division of ntt data corporation, a top 10 global business and it services provider with 100,000+ professionals in more than 50 countries, and ntt group, a partner to 85 percent of the fortune 100. visit nttdataservices.com to learn more.
the company is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions on the basis of merit and business needs.  the company will consider all qualified applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religious creed, citizenship, national origin, ancestry, age, sex, sexual orientation, genetic information, physical or mental disability, veteran or marital status, or any other class protected by law.  to comply with applicable laws ensuring equal employment opportunities to qualified individuals with a disability, the company will make reasonable accommodations for the known physical or mental limitations of an otherwise qualified individual with a disability who is an applicant or an employee unless undue hardship to the company would result.​



















are you a returning applicant?












previous applicants:


email:





password:





if you do not remember your password click here.




back to search results


new search








