







careers job search





















   
 
   















































job descriptionsign in|new user


















 previous job







next job 








 






job details


















job title


data reporting analyst associate - research informatics analyst


job id


58059





location




aurora, colorado





full/part time

full-time













favorite job





regular/temporary

regular



















why work at children's....






children's hospital colorado has defined and delivered pediatric healthcare excellence for more than 100 years. founded in 1908, children's colorado is a leading pediatric network entirely devoted to the health and well being of children. continually recognized as one of the nation's outstanding hospitals by u.s. news & world report, children's colorado is known both for its nationally and internationally recognized medical, research and education programs as well as the full spectrum of everyday care for kids throughout colorado and surrounding states. with more than 1,000 healthcare professionals representing the full spectrum of pediatric specialties, children's colorado network of care includes its main campus, 16 children's care centers and more than 400 outreach clinics.a career at children's colorado will challenge you, inspire you, and motivate you to make a difference in the life of a child.





additional information






department: ri-research informaticshours per week: 40, eligible for benefitsshift: full time; m-f; 40 hours/week





job overview






this position will provide research and data consultation, along with high-quality data reports for clinical and translational researchers in the children’s colorado research institute using large database and data analysis techniques. this role will consult with customers regarding the data requirements for retrospective research studies, ensuring that the data decided upon is sufficient for answering the research questions and aims.  further, this role will consult with customers to develop the most appropriate query-based cohorts for a given prospective, retrospective or cross-sectional research study.  this role will validate reports and data from their own work, in addition to assisting fellow analysts and developers with validation activities.  this role will collaborate with other analysts to solve problems, provide feedback on code and reports, and participate in both formal and informal learning opportunities.this position trains in providing quantitative and qualitative data analysis and reporting identified patterns, insights, and trends to decision makers while performing entry level, routine tasks. supports and assists with collecting, aggregating and analyzing data and producing actionable reports that show key performance indicators, identify areas of improvement and display root cause analysis of problems.potential specialty areas: business intelligence, business objects, clinical, epic, etl, finance, interface, informatica, peoplesoft, quality, report writing, research dw, research, research registry.





responsibilities






population specific care no direct patient care.essential functionsan employee in this position may be called upon to do any or all of the following essential functions. these examples do not include all of the functions which the employee may be expected to perform. trains in conducting data analysis and developing meaningful, accurate and dependable data reports and dashboards.  trains in completing data extraction and manipulation to develop meaningful and actionable results. supports and performs data validation and auditing.  participates in collaborating with a variety of individuals and department teams to provide comprehensive analyses supporting organizational wide projects, programs, and initiatives. works directly with requestors to ensure best practices for data reporting and variable development.   trains in identifying and analyzing data sources needed to produce required data sets or reports. ensures delivered data solutions meet requirements. collaborates with others to solve problems and obtain feedback on reports. prepares, analyzes and develops reports utilizing a variety of different reporting tools. develops regularly scheduled and ad hoc reports for end users and data quality management. may follow business analysis techniques to produce insightful decisions and support recommendations.  gathers functional and technical requirements to design, build, test, deliver and manage data repositories, reporting, etl, data warehouse, registry or data collection forms, and dashboarding functions. assumes on-call responsibilities as required.





other information






scope and level guidelines: possesses knowledge of the fundamental concepts, practices and procedures within a particular field of specialization. gains experience on the job and assists higher levels in executing duties and tasks. complexity: duties and tasks are typically routine and standardized, but may be elevated depending on the role. procedures, methods and techniques to carry out work are generally, but not always, well defined. resolves some questions and problems, and escalates as needed. decision making: has little to no discretion in making decisions without escalating to a higher level employee, supervisor and/or manager. decisions and recommendations are limited to relating existing organizational policies to specific cases.  issues that are not covered by guidelines or that are without precedence are escalated. communication: communicates factual information relative to the organization and/or own function generally with team members and peers only, but in some cases clients and/or the public. uses little to no discretion or independent judgment but rather communicates within the parameters of clearly defined procedures and instructions. supervision received: works under direct supervision and work product is subject to frequent inspection. may assist in orienting and training lower level employees.





qualifications






 education – bachelor's degree is required.  experience – no related experience is required.  equivalency – combination of post-high school education, job related certification and/or related experience equivalent to 4 years may be considered in lieu of minimum requirements.





physical requirements






ability to perform essential functions of the job vision - near: clear vision at 20 inches or less weight lifted/force exerted: up to 10 pounds/4.5 kilos, up to 1/3 of time hearing: able to clearly hear details sit: 2/3 or more of time talk: able to communicate verbally  mental/emotional: able to work in close proximity to others and/or in a distracting environment mental/emotional: able to cope with stress effectively mental/emotional: able to prioritize effectivelywork environment mental/emotional: able to tolerate ambiguity mental/emotional: able to prioritize effectively mental/emotional: may be subject to many interruptions office work environment: regular/frequent exposure bloodborne pathogen category 2: occasional exposure to blood/body fluid





equal employment opportunity






it is our intention that all qualified applicants be given equal opportunity and that selection decisions be based on job-related factors. we do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, national origin, sex, age, disability, or any other status protected by law or regulation.  be aware that none of the questions are intended to imply illegal preferences or discrimination based on non-job-related information.   




































return to previous page













t
 




help


test     



 
careers job search 
default local node:dbname:portal:node:workcenter id:url:
 



test





