

exxel outdoors- sql data analyst/ bi developer (boulder, co)






















 












sql data analyst/ bi developer (boulder, co)




position summary:

we are looking for an enthusiastic sql data analyst and business intelligence (bi) developer to manage our data analytics solutions that turn data into knowledge. in this role, you will need to exhibit a strong understanding of warehouse data design, data mining and business analytics. you should be analytical, an excellent communicator, possess business acumen and have problem-solving aptitude. the sql data analyst/ bi developer will need to be hands-on with technology, as well as highly consultative, working with our internal team as well as clients' business and it team members. ultimately, you will enhance our business intelligence system to help us make better and informed decisions.
 
essential duties and responsibilities 

translate business needs to technical specifications
maintain and support data analytics platforms (eg data warehouse, third party data, etc)
conduct unit testing and troubleshooting
collaborate with teams to integrate systems
develop and execute database queries and conduct analyses
presenting information through reports and visualization (eg power bi, powerpivot)
develop and update technical documentation
crafting and executing queries upon request for data
identifying, scoping and following through to resolution of data quality concerns/inconsistencies

 
qualifications & skills 


bs degree, preferably in computer science, engineering, mathematics or related field.
3+ years of experience as a bi developer or data analyst
1+ years of experience warehouse data design (eg dimensional modelling) and data mining
in-depth understanding of database management systems, online analytical processing (olap) and etl (extract, transform, load) framework
familiarity with bi technologies (eg microsoft power bi, powerpivot, jet data manager, business objects, etc.)
experience in optimizing microsoft power bi dashboards with a focus on usability, performance, flexibility, testability, and standardization
knowledge of sql queries, sql server reporting services (ssrs) and sql server integration services (ssis)
proven abilities to take initiative and be innovative
analytical mind with a problem-solving aptitude
excellent communication skills and business acumen
	 

physical demands

the physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
 
while performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to stand; walk; sit; use hands to finger, handle, or feel; reach with hands and arms; and talk or hear.  the employee frequently is required to stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl.  the employee must occasionally lift and/or move up to 25 pounds.  specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, distance vision, color vision, peripheral vision, depth perception, and ability to adjust focus.
 
 
other duties as assigned

this job description is an overview of the scope of responsibilities for this job and is not intended to be an inclusive list of job tasks and expectations. with the evolution of exxel outdoors, llc, the responsibilities of this position may change. the job must be prepared to accept new responsibilities and transfer others.
 
 this is a non-management positionthis is a full time position 




            visit                  
                    careers
                  
                 at exxel outdoors          



share this job















apply now









leave this field blank



personal information



* first name                  


* last name                  


* email                  



attachments

i'd like to (choose one):

submit resume

submit application



                      attach your resume                    



attach











paste













                      attach a cover letter                    



attach













other information



* 
                  can you pass a mandatory drug test?                


                                      yes
                                  

  
                                      no
                                  


* 
                  are you at least 18 years of age?                


                                      yes
                                  

  
                                      no
                                  


* 
                  can you show proof of your legal right to work in the united states?                


                                      yes
                                  

  
                                      no
                                  


                                    salary desired                


                                    have you ever worked for us before?                


                                    if yes, please state where, what position, and supervisor's name.                


                                    are you able to perform the essential functions of the position applied for, either with or without reasonable accommodation?                


                                    if no, describe the functions you will not be able to perform.                


                                    have you ever been terminated, asked to resign, or left a job without notice?                


                                    if yes, please explain the circumstances and identify the employer.                




                  submit                



                  apply                



                  continue                


 
 
 







 

