




	join our talent network




































 



 




job description:
description:
we believe that, when done right, investing liberates people to create their own destiny. we are driven by our purpose to champion every client’s goals with passion and integrity. we respect and appreciate the diversity of our employees, our clients, and the communities we serve. we challenge conventions strategically to create value for our clients, our firm and the world. we live and bring to life the concept of ‘own your tomorrow’ every day. we champion our employee strengths, guide their development, and invest in their long-term success. we hire optimistic, results-oriented, curious, innovative, and adaptable people with the desire to help our clients and one another succeed.
as a company, we were established by chuck over 40 years ago to champion main street over wall street, and to help americans transform themselves from earners to owners. through advocacy and innovation, we work to make investing more affordable, accessible and understandable for all. as we enter our fifth decade, we are looking for talented, innovative and driven people who believe they can help themselves, and our clients, create a better future.
our opportunity:
do you want to be part of a data warehouse team managing over 120 terabytes of data and building the next generation analytics platform for a leading financial firm with over $2.7 trillion in assets under management?
at schwab, the global data technology (gdt) organization governs the strategy and implementation of the enterprise data warehouse and emerging data platforms.
we help marketing, finance and executive leadership make fact-based decisions by integrating and analyzing data.
what you’ll do:

you are a data engineer who has passion for data and comes with data warehousing background.
you have experience in designing and coding batch as well as real time etl(and elt) and one who wants to be part of a team that is actively designing and implementing the enterprise data warehouse solution.
someone who wants to be challenged every day and has passion to keep up to date on new technologies in the data engineering space, set new standards and collaborate with the team members along the way.
build and maintain code for etl (and elt) using informatica 10.x and teradata.
design enterprise quality etl solutions.
explore tools and technologies in the evolving data engineering space.
work with business analysts to understand business requirements and use cases

what you have:

hands-on experience in java object oriented programming/ python (minimum 2 years)
hands-on experience with hadoop, spark, hive, pig, sqoop, flume, storm/ spark streaming, kafka/rabbit mq and hbase (at least 1 years)
understanding hadoop file format and compressions is required
familiarity with mapr distribution of hadoop is preferred
strong scripting / programming with unix, java, python/scala etc. is required
knowledge and experience with machine learning and graph database is preferred.
strong sql experience with the ability to develop, tune and debug complex sql applications is required
expertise in schema design, developing data models and proven ability to work with complex data is required
experience in real time data ingestion into hadoop is required
proven experience in working in large environments such as rdbms, edw, nosql, etc. is preferred
knowledge of big data etl such as informatica bdm and/or talend tools is preferred
understanding security, encryption and masking using kerberos, mapr-tickets, vormetric and voltage is preferred
experience with test driven code development, scm tools such as git, jenkins and bamboo is preferred,
 knowledge of big data etl such as informatica bdm and/or talend tools is preferred

what you’ll get:

everyday wellness: healthy rewards, onsite fitness classes, healthy choices, wellness champions
financial fitness: 401k match, employee discounts, personalized advice, brokerage discounts
work/life balance: sabbatical, new mothers returning to work program, tuition reimbursement programs, time off to volunteer
inclusion: employee resource groups, commitment to diversity, strategic partnerships
not just a job, but a career, with an opportunity to do the best work of your life

learn more about life@schwab.
charles schwab & co., inc. is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer committed to diversifying its workforce. it is schwab's policy to provide equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding, or related medical conditions), gender identity or expression, national origin, ancestry, age, disability, legally protected medical condition, genetic information, marital status, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, military status, citizenship status or any other status that is protected by law. 

job specifications



relocation offered?:
no


work schedule:
days


languages:
english - spoken


current licenses / certifications:
none


relevant work experience:
it-other specialty engineering-2-5 yrs


position located in:
co - lone tree


education:
ba/bs


job type:
full time




category:information technology
activation date: friday, june 30, 2017
expiration date: monday, january 1, 2018
apply here


join our talent network
whether you’re ready to apply today or are exploring schwab as a future employer, joining our talent network is a great way to stay connected with us. 

as part of our talent network you will receive:



- customized job alerts
- news and updates relevant to your area/s of expertise
- invitations to schwab recruiting events in your area




    
 please share your contact information in the fields below so that the talent acquisition team may notify you regarding upcoming events and opportunities.*first name*last name*primary emaillocation(s) of interest
alabama
alaska
arizona
arkansas
california
colorado
connecticut
delaware
district of columbia
florida
georgia
hawaii
idaho
illinois
indiana
iowa
kansas
kentucky
louisiana
maine
maryland
massachusetts
michigan
minnesota
mississippi
missouri
montana
nebraska
nevada
new hampshire
new jersey
new mexico
new york
north carolina
north dakota
ohio
oklahoma
oregon
pennsylvania
rhode island
south carolina
south dakota
tennessee
texas
utah
vermont
virginia
washington
west virginia
wisconsin
wyoming
resume*area(s) of interest
any
accounting/finance
administrative/clerical
banking
brokerage operations & trading
business strategy
campus programs/internships
compliance/legal/regulatory
customer service/client service
facilities/real estate
financial consultant
financial planning/advice
human resources/training/recruiting
information technology
internal audit
investment management & research
management
marketing/advertising
marketing analytics
product development
project/program management
public relations
retirement services
risk management
sales/business development
stock plan services
current licenses/certifications
none
finra series 4
finra series 3
finra series 6
finra series 7
finra series 8
finra series 9
finra series 53
finra series 79
finra series 10
finra series 24
finra series 55
finra series 63
finra series 65
finra series 66
six sigma green belt
certified financial analyst (cfa)
certified financial planner (cfp)
certified fraud examiner (cfe)
certified in financial management (cfm)
certified info systems security prof (cissp)
certified internal auditor (cisa)
certified investment management consultant (cimc)
certified public accountant (cpa)
chartered market tech (cmt)
chartered mutual fund counselor (cmfc)
cisco – ccdp
cisco – ccie
db2 certification
java technology
life insurance
microsoft – mcse
national mortgage licensing
nfa series 34
oracle certification
project management professional (pmp)
registered investment advisor (ria)
solaris/unix network
solaris/unix o/e
state real estate license
click here to sign up for job alert emailshide search criteria frequency: every  daysjob category 
accounting/finance
administrative/clerical
any
banking
brokerage operations & trading
business strategy
campus programs/internships
compliance/legal/regulatory
customer service/client service
facilities/real estate
financial consultant
financial planning/advice
human resources/training/recruiting
information technology
internal audit
investment management & research
management
marketing analytics
marketing/advertising
product development
project/program management
public relations
retirement services
risk management
sales/business development
stock plan services
state (e.g. ca) keyword education 
aa/as
ba/bs
hs/ged
jd
ma/ms/mba
phd







    
     



© 2015 charles schwab & co., inc, all rights reserved. | privacy-eeo | #0815-5263 

 



 









