





data scientist - denver, co - nelson intelligence solutions jobs









 














home
jobs




data scientist - denver, co

toggle navigation








data scientist 

jobslogin 











 15-aug-2017 to 31-may-2018 (est) denver, co, usa salary full time 



email me similar jobs email me this job



job category: data scientist 
location: denver, co
schedule: full-time
travel: none
shift: day job
potential for teleworking: no
clearance level must currently possess: top secret / sci
description nelson intelligence solutions prides itself of having the most diverse and accomplished staff you will find in your career.  nis offers fantastic benefits and an amazing workplace culture where you will feel valued while you perform mission critical work for the federal government.  nis is seeking a data scientist with the ability to extract knowledge or insights from data in various forms, either structured or unstructured with the ability to develop methodologies for data mining.  selected applicant will be subject to a background investigation.
basic qualifications

bachelor's degree with a minimum 3 years of experience with applied mathematics, programming skills in visual basic, python or other software for modeling processes, data architecture, data warehouse analysis, data engineering, and data analysis
relevant experience in the following: data and metadata formats, structures and standards; structured data analysis and geospatial database development for data management and reporting; conducting methodology development for spatial data validation and analysis

preferred additional skills

ability to interpret and evaluate the results of data science community's methods models and/or algorithms, understanding the meaning, limitations and scope of the results, and translate them into insightful output for data science and/or mission
ability to initiate the efficient implementation of methods, tools, and algorithms using a comprehensive range of technologies
ability to document and visualize data both temporally and spatially to assist in data integrity
proficient oral and written communication skills

physical requirements

regularly required to sit for extended periods up to 80% of the time; frequently required to move about to access file cabinets and use office equipment such as pc, copier, fax, telephone, cell phone, etc.
occasionally required to reach overhead, bend, and lift objects of up to 10 lbs.
specific vision abilities required by this job include use of computer monitor screens up to 80% of time

nis overview nis is a service disabled veteran owned business with an emphasis on federal government opportunities in support of the department of defense, intelligence community and state and local government. nis is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer.  all qualified candidates will receive consideration for employment without regard to disability, protected veteran status, race, color, religious creed, national origin, citizenship, marital status, sex, sexual orientation/gender identity, age, or genetic information.

nelson intelligence solutions
https://nelsonintelligencesolutions.applicantpro.com






apply now
with our quick 3 minute application!



you have javascript disabled on your browser. you will not be able to apply for this position without enabling javascript. if you need assistance with enabling javascript, please click here for assistance.





 

* fields are required




what is your full name?




first name



last name





how can we contact you?


email





phone number



number type

home
cell
work






what is your preferred method of communication?


email
text message






apply for this position
apply for this position
by clicking the button above, i agree to applicantpro's applicant information use policy. 






sign up for job alerts!








share this page







 


 


hiring software maintained by applicantpro - © 2017



refresh




 
 
 
 







go
common questions
























