








lockton career opportunities

















lockton

						career
						opportunities
					







						back to lockton
					


lockton careers
life at lockton
benefits
the lockton story



						connect with lockton
					









business intelligence analyst


location:
co - denver


department:
commercial insurance division



description
business insurance has recognized lockton as one of the "best place to work in insurance." for eight years running. we think you’ll agree! a few of the reasons associates love working at lockton include:


opportunities for growth and advancement, including paid training and professional development


12-week paid parental leave


a huge emphasis on community involvement –associates are encouraged to support and volunteer for their favorite charities


frequent athletic and wellness events


social and teambuilding opportunities like happy hours and other celebrations


incredibly generous rewards; us associates receive a rolex for their 10 year anniversary!


  
lockton companies in denver, co is seeking to hire a business intelligence analyst to join our analytics team. as the person who assists management and others to better understand the data we collect, the business intelligence analyst will be a critical team member whose insights are fundamental to our success.
the business intelligence analyst develops accurate and timely reports for management. helps to manage corporate data, assisting to inventory, organize, standardize and make available for analysis and reporting. helps mature the company’s data model, making sure that key data is being captured and stored in company databases. consults with end users on recommendations for new reports and to improve existing reports; understands and gathers the reporting requirements. helps train users to access data and reports to properly use reporting tools, and create reports.
the candidate is familiar with microsoft business intelligence tools (sql, ssas, ssis, ssrs, azure data products, excel, power bi, dax) and can write sql queries and utilize them to validate new features or trouble-shoot data issues.  the analytics team is a fast paced team that interacts with all areas of the business.
this individual must be able to effectively communicate with both technical and non-technical stakeholders.
job responsibilities
proactively collaborate with stakeholders in all levels of the company.
gather requirements from business stakeholders.
document requirements, create mock-ups, prototypes, ad-hoc sql queries, and other artifacts to support requirements.
execute testing needed to assure the desired functionality and data integrity of bi solutions meet the business requirements and deadlines.
provide on-going analytical support for bi solutions released to the business.
proactively identify data quality issues and recommend data integrity checks to alert users when such issues occur.
innovate, using the latest technology, or deliver information needed to drive business decisions.
proactively assist in communicating to users with respect to bi software upgrades and new features released by bi.
proactively share knowledge with co-workers and ensure appropriate knowledge transfer to cover duties during illness, vacations, training, etc.
qualifications
bachelor’s degree, preferably in computer science (equivalent professional experience considered).
minimum 3 years of experience in a business intelligence analysis role with at least 2 years of hands-on continuous work experience in using microsoft sql server, and business intelligence tools to support user reporting needs.
strong analytical and research skills.
ability to perform detailed data analysis (i.e. determine the structure, content, and quality of the data through examination of source system data and data samples).
able to read and write sql query statements.
knowledge of visual basic.
proficient in ms excel and microsoft’s power bi suite (power bi, powerquery, powerpivot, dax).
professional experience in successfully supporting users’ reporting and data needs.
good written / oral communication skills.
insurance experience helpful but not required.
 
lockton companies, llc is an equal opportunity employer. as a privately held company, we offer a competitive compensation and benefits package reflecting our commitment to attracting and retaining great individuals. this includes health and dental coverage, which begins on your first day of work, 401(k) with match and immediate vesting, a competitive vacation plan and unrivaled career advancement opportunities.
lockton is a global professional services firm with 6,500 associates who advise clients on protecting their people, property and reputations. lockton has grown to become the world’s largest privately held, independent insurance broker by helping clients achieve their business objectives.  for eight consecutive years, business insurance magazine has recognized lockton as a "best place to work in insurance." to see the latest insights from lockton's experts, check lockton market update.
 
lockton is known throughout the insurance industry as an entrepreneurial, progressive and successful insurance broker. as a result of continued individual and group accomplishments, lockton has a record of steady and substantial growth. if you are a committed professional with a passion for delivering unparalleled service, lockton is interested in hearing from you.
 
**no agencies please** any employment agency, person or entity that submits an unsolicited resume to this site does so with the understanding that the applicant's resume will become the property of lockton companies, inc. lockton companies will have the right to hire that applicant at its discretion and without any fee owed to the submitting employment agency, person or entity. employment agencies, who have fee agreements with lockton companies must submit applicants to the designated lockton companies employment coordinator to be eligible for placement fees.
 
 
 
 
 



















are you a returning applicant?












previous applicants:


email:





password:





if you do not remember your password click here.




back to search results


new search











awards & affiliations






























lockton blogs

lockton cyber risk update
lockton benefits
lockton market update



connect with us














        copyright © 2017 lockton companies. all rights reserved.  |  compensation disclosure  |  terms  of use  |  privacy policy  |  cookie policy |  uk regulatory compliance |  us terms of business



