


careers center - business data analyst















































please enable cookies to continue
please enable cookies in your browser to experience all the personalized features of this site, including the ability to apply for a job.





returning candidate?

log back in!





business data analyst



business data analyst




requisition id 

2017-2645




# of openings 
1





employment status 

full time




posted date 
11/24/2017





job family 

administrative support workers




company 
national technology transfer





state/province 

co




city 
centennial







more information about this job


overview




business data analyst is responsible for querying data, building reporting pipelines, running statistical analysis, building dashboards and presenting insights.  you will work closely with management and key stakeholders on data analytics that inform strategies and provide thought leadership and support teams to improve the business using data insights.





responsibilities




• collect and analyze data to draw insights and identify strategic solutions.• model data to create quantitative models including forecast, operational and statistical models of business dynamics.• work with cross-functional stakeholders to gather requirements, manage implementation, and drive delivery of projects.• build consensus by facilitating broad collaboration with clear communication and documentation.• perform other duties as assigned.





qualifications




education/experience:• 3+ years of experience working with large data sets in a production environment.• experience analyzing data and creating reports using spreadsheet and database query suites (sql).• ability to review and analyze customer relationships, market pressures, and competitive environments.• intermediate to advanced microsoft excel skills. skills/abilities:• self-motivated, self-starter with a team player attitude.• passion for developing and analyzing large, complex data sets and converting them into insights that drive business decisions at all levels of the organization. • great communication/summarization skills. national technology transfer, inc. (ntt) is the leading provider of hands-on skills-based training for industry. for over 30 years, ntt has successfully trained over a half million skilled trades’ professionals. ntt works with fortune 500 manufacturers as well as many states, local governments, and educational institutions. ntt is currently seeking highly motivated professionals who want to be part of an exciting, growing company.  ntt is proud to be an equal opportunity employer.





options

apply for this job onlineapplyshareemail this job to a friendrefer



share on your newsfeed




join our talent community!




not ready to apply? connect with us for general consideration.







go back to the welcome page

application faqssoftware powered by icimswww.icims.com









