





quantitative research and risk analyst  job in lone tree, co at schwab




































charles schwab corporation




who we are
what we do
leadership
careers
citizenship
perspectives





investor relations

governance
news room









diversity
financial consultants
grads and students
veterans
women
events







 careers home
> job details




quantitative research and risk analyst





apply now
       







job id: 20170721-3736
job category: investment management & research
relevant work experience: investment management - 2-5 yrs, financial services-2-5 yrs
current licenses / certifications: none


position located in: co - lone tree
education: ba/bs
job type: full time






                		 description: lone tree - co, denr2, 9800 schwab way, 80124axle j marcoline20170721-3736we believe that, when done right, investing liberates people to create their own destiny. we are driven by our purpose to champion every client’s goals with passion and integrity. we respect and appreciate the diversity of our employees, our clients, and the communities we serve. we challenge conventions strategically to create value for our clients, our firm and the world. we live and bring to life the concept of ‘own your tomorrow’ every day. we champion our employee strengths, guide their development, and invest in their long-term success. we hire optimistic, results-oriented, curious, innovative, and adaptable people with the desire to help our clients and one another succeed.
as a company, we were established by chuck over 40 years ago to champion main street over wall street, and to help americans transform themselves from earners to owners. through advocacy and innovation, we work to make investing more affordable, accessible and understandable for all. as we enter our fifth decade, we are looking for talented, innovative and driven people who believe they can help themselves, and our clients, create a better future. 
our opportunity:
our mission at charles schwab investment advisory (csia) is to provide the highest quality portfolio advisory services and research on investment managers to charles schwab clients and the advisors who serve them. csia is a subsidiary of the charles schwab corporation and an affiliate of charles schwab & co., inc. csia is responsible for managing schwab intelligent portfolios (sip), schwab managed portfolios (smp) which are both diversified asset allocation portfolios comprised of either mutual funds or etfs. current assets under management are approximately $33 billion. csia also conducts asset allocation research and performs the manager research and evaluation of mutual funds, separate accounts, and etfs for a variety of cs&co products and services. this growing team of 30+ investment professionals has diverse backgrounds which encompass quantitative investment research, investment manager due diligence, and portfolio management and trading. 
what you’ll do:
the quantitative and risk research analyst will be working in the quantitative research group within charles schwab investment advisory, inc. (csia) and will work closely with the managing director, quantitative research on the ongoing development, implementation, and maintenance of a variety of quantitative models, including strategic and tactical asset allocation models, mutual fund ratings, and separate account ratings.  this position will also support the portfolio management team for schwab managed portfolios (smp), and csia model risk management functions including but not limited to model annual reviews, performance monitoring, and corrective actions. 
what you have:

bachelor’s degree required (degree in a quantitative field such as math, physics, computer science or finance/economics a plus).
2+ years of investment research experience (academic and/or industry).
understanding of empirical research techniques.
strong familiarity with multiple investment asset classes.
good communication skills (verbal and written).
proficiency and experience with excel and statistical software, such as matlab, sas, schzam, or eview.

strongly preferred experience/skills

a master degree in quant finance, econometrics, or mba is highly desired, a cfa a plus  
2-3 year product development experience with matlab 

what you’ll get:

comprehensive compensation and benefits package
financial health: 401k match, employee stock purchase plan, employee discounts, personalized advice, brokerage discounts
work/life balance: sabbatical, paid parental leave, new mothers returning to work program, tuition reimbursement programs, time off to volunteer, employee matching gifts program
everyday wellness: health and lifestyle wellness rewards, onsite fitness classes, healthy food choices, wellness champions
inclusion: employee resource groups, commitment to diversity, strategic partnerships
not just a job, but a career, with an opportunity to do the best work of your life

learn more about life@schwab.charles schwab & co., inc. is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer committed to diversifying its workforce. it is schwab's policy to provide equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding, or related medical conditions), gender identity or expression, national origin, ancestry, age, disability, legally protected medical condition, genetic information, marital status, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, military status, citizenship status or any other status that is protected by law.    
                		 job specifications 

relocation offered?:
no


work schedule:
days


languages:
english - spoken


current licenses / certifications:
none


relevant work experience:
investment management - 2-5 yrs, financial services-2-5 yrs


position located in:
co - lone tree


education:
ba/bs


job type:
full time


  
						 category:investment management & research 
                		 activation date: wednesday, august 2, 2017   
                		 expiration date: saturday, december 30, 2017 
apply here


apply now
       



link for schema



















                    brokerage products: not
                    fdic insured • no bank guarantee • may lose value
                



            charles schwab & co., inc. is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer committed to diversifying its workforce.  it is schwab's policy to provide equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex  (including pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding, or related medical conditions), gender identity or expression,  national origin, ancestry, age, disability, legally protected medical condition, genetic information, marital status, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, military status, citizenship status or any other status that is protected by law.  schwab also does not discriminate against applicants or employees because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant.
        

            at schwab, we believe that every employee, through their diverse abilities and experiences, can contribute to our growth, innovation and client loyalty. we embrace diversity and are committed to providing equal opportunity to all employees and applicants. if you have a disability, and require reasonable accommodations in the application process, call human resources at 800-725-3535. we will be happy to assist you. schwab will only share your accommodation request with those individuals who have a specific need to know. the request for an accommodation will not affect schwab’s hiring decisions. all other submissions should be performed online.
        

            the charles schwab corporation provides a full range of securities, brokerage, banking, money
            management, and financial advisory services through its operating subsidiaries. its broker-dealer
            subsidiary, charles schwab & co., inc. (“schwab”), 
                member
                sipc
            , offers investment services and products, including schwab brokerage accounts. its banking
            subsidiary, charles schwab bank (member fdic and an equal housing lender), provides deposit and lending
            services and products.
        








 © charles schwab & co., inc. (member sipc) all rights reserved. (1115-7068)

contact

site map
schwab.com




facebook
twitter
youtube
linkedin
google plus



powered by smashfly





