bright health - provider data analystprovider data analystdenver, coloradooperations – health plan administrationfull-timeapply for this jobabout us bright health will deliver a smarter, more connected healthcare experience. the company’s affordable health insurance plans, exclusive partnerships with leading health systems, and simple, friendly approach to technology are reshaping how people and physicians achieve better health together. today, bright health provides health insurance to individuals in colorado and will be expanding to other geographies and product offerings in 2018.  we are united by a common vision: to deliver the best healthcare experience by putting brilliant minds, empathetic hearts and personalized technology to work to create meaningful relationships between our members and care partners.our mission? making healthcare right. together. your responsibilities: our care partnerships team manages the relationships with our care partners and coordinates all interactions between bright departments. the care partnerships team is responsible for the local market launch oversight and management. as our provider data analyst in colorado, you will manage the flow of all current and future provider data to and from our care partner and other contracted entities in the market to build the foundation for a strong connection between our organizations. you can anticipate that you will:manage all current and future provider data from contracted entities manage all provider credentialing with our partnercontinuously streamline and improve our provider data structurework with a delegated employee inside of our care partner to obtain mandatory data elements, updates, and any data improvementsassist in keeping the provider data group organized between contracting, fee schedule creation, and provider databaseassist in creating business rules, understanding specific requirements, and working with our team to create needed provider data extractsabout you:you are deeply motivated to join an organization that places relationships at the center of better healthcare delivery. you enjoy collaboration, problem solving, and are an effective team member. you have at least 2 years of experience in data analytics, provider/ customer relations, data entry, and project management. you have high proficiency in microsoft excel and, preferably, experience in sql, access, and database management. lastly, ideally you've previously served in a customer (provider) facing role and have a collaborative and relationship-driven style in building effective data transmissions between entities. culturally, you find the unknown and building of new processes enjoyable in a startup setting. you have a positive attitude towards problem solving, are humble, and have the proven ability to learn quickly and work independently. bright on!apply for this jobbright health home pagejobs powered by 