









state of colorado job opportunities | state job opportunities















        for full functionality of this page it is necessary to enable javascript. 
        here are the 
        instructions how to enable javascript in your web browser



business analyst | state job opportunities page has loaded. 

business analyst | state job opportunities page has loaded. 








  click here or press any key to continue.






                        we updated our privacy policy and terms of use, effective december 12, 2017. view privacy policy and terms of use

×















menu







                close menu
            










                        state job opportunities
                    




 




state of colorado job opportunities
                                        



promotional jobs
                                        



transfer jobs
                                        



class descriptions
                                        



job categories/job interest cards
                                        



state of colorado jobs faq
                                        



#1 faq: state residency requirement
                                        



class descriptions and minimum qualifications
                                        



help & support
                            



legal & privacy
                            




social




twitter





linkedin










state of colorado job opportunities




sign in












                don't have an account?
                create one.
            

                already have an account?
                sign in.
            








username
















                applications
                





                inbox
                





                profile
            




                account
            




                sign out
                after clicking on this link you will be logged out and the page will be reloaded.










welcome!
thanks for creating an account.













state job opportunities




powered by
neogov
®












                business analyst
            



print









                    apply
                







business analyst





                            salary
                            




$3,563.00 - $4,495.00 monthly





                        location
                        




denver metro, co






job type


full time




department


department of state






job number


vaatbd-bl&e-11/2017









closing



                continuous
            






description


benefits






department information
**this is open only to colorado state residents**we are the people of the colorado secretary of state's office.  we take a justifiable pride in our work and perform a vital public service.  all of our actions are guided by a commitment to customer service, transparency and innovation.  we have the culture and the self understanding necessary to set a new standard in public service.positions will work for either the business and licensing division or the elections division.the elections division supervises elections in the state of colorado. the division supports 64 counties in planning and executing elections that comply with relevant federal and state election laws. within the division, operations support (os) serves to improve division programs through managing projects, supporting and maintaining the division's performance metrics program, advising in the strategic planning process, monitoring trends and industry standards, providing legal and data analysis, developing process improvements, supporting employee engagement, and identifying and addressing short-term problems that are hindering the operational efficiency and effectiveness of division programs while implementing long term solutions to bring about positive change in division operations.the operations support team (ost ) in the business & licensing division (the division) functions as an internal consulting group.  the primary goals of the ost are to identify and address short-term problems that are hindering the operational efficiency and effectiveness of the division and to implement long-term efforts to bring about significant positive change in the operations of the division. 
description of job
  works with division's subject matter experts and other departmental stakeholders to map business processes as they currently exist. identifies issues and opportunities for process improvement and generates a desired state process map. elicits and documents project requirements. assists program managers in developing project scope. generates test cases. reviews technical designs that are generated from test cases and requirements with appropriate department technical resources.process improvement  evaluates existing processes to identify and recommend improvements that will help meet the division's strategic goals and objectives.  works with division managers to identify and understand the operational environment and business requirements.  program and project management identifies execution risks and decides how best to mitigate. tracks and reports on project/program status.performance measurement analysis assists program managers in developing and analyzing each program's performance metrics. develops reporting methods and analyzes data related to the division's strategic goals and performance measures.project support supports project team and stakeholders to ensure that project scope and requirements stay in alignment. creates  business requirements, reviews technical design documents, documents and development's test cases. performs user acceptance testing (uat) for new systems or updates.
minimum qualifications, substitutions, conditions of employment & appeal rights
minimum qualifications: education and experience:graduation from an accredited college or university with a bachelor's degree in business administration, statistics, public administration, economics, marketing or a closely related field and one year working in the capacity of a business analyst - either by title or function with specific experience coordinating, facilitating or managing process improvement initiatives or other related projects. this experience should include activities and responsibilities such as, but not limited to - stakeholder management, issue and opportunity identification and prioritization, business case development, discovery-related tasks, project documentation, testing and product implementation. *professional business analysis experience includes working with subject matter experts and other organizational stakeholders to map business processes as they currently exist; identify issues and opportunities for process improvement; generate a desired state process map; elicit and document project requirements and assist project management in developing project scope.substitutions:professional work experience in business analysis, which provided the same kind, amount, and level of knowledge acquired in the required education, may be substituted on a year-for-year basis for the bachelor's degree.  a master's or doctoral degree from an accredited college or university in the above mentioned fields will substitute for the bachelor's degree, but not for the one year of professional experience in business analysis.preferred qualifications: proven aptitude for time and task management team-oriented attitude, and the ability to collaborate at all levels of the department flexible personality with the ability to think and act adaptively ability to respond proactively and productively to ambiguous situations and environments ability to react and respond to shifting priorities strong project management experience strong problem solving skills strong analytical skills strong presentation skillsrequired competencies: business analysis knowledge business process analysis and requirements gathering skills strong written and oral communication skills excellent customer service skills understanding of research methodologies and best practices strong elicitation skills strong process improvement skills proficiency in microsoft office suite conditions of employment: this position requires a criminal background check. an unofficial copy of transcripts must be submitted at the time of the application.appeal rights: if you receive notice that you have been eliminated from consideration for the position, you may protest the action by filing an appeal with the state personnel board/state personnel director within 10 days from the date you receive notice of the elimination.also, if you wish to challenge the selection and comparative analysis process, you may file an appeal with the state personnel board/state personnel director within 10 days from the receipt of notice or knowledge of the action you are challenging.refer to chapters 4 and 8 of the state personnel board rules and personnel director's administrative procedures, 4 ccr 801, for more information about the appeals process. the state personnel board rules and personnel director's administrative procedures are available at www.colorado.gov/spb.a standard appeal form is available at: www.colorado.gov/spb. if you appeal, your appeal must be submitted in writing on the official appeal form, signed by you or your representative, and received at the following address within 10 days of your receipt of notice or knowledge of the action: colorado state personnel board/state personnel director, attn: appeals processing, 1525 sherman street, 4th floor, denver, co 80203. fax: 303-866-5038. phone: 303-866-3300. the ten-day deadline and these appeal procedures also apply to all charges of discrimination.  
supplemental information
review of minimum qualifications a human resources specialist will only review the "education" and "work experience" sections of the online job application to determine whether you meet the qualifications for this position.	 cover letters and resumes will not be accepted in lieu of the official state of colorado application form. cover letters and resumes may be attached to the application as supplemental information.   the minimum qualifications listed in the announcement are not optional.	 to move forward in the hiring process, you must document that you meet the minimum qualifications on the online state of colorado application form. do not use "see resume" or "see attached" in the state of colorado online application.  comparative analysis the comparative analysis process is used to identify candidates that will move forward in the selection process. the comparative analysis may consist of application reviews, phone screens, structured interviews, and any other method determined to be valuable in identifying the right candidate.completing the application it is very important that you fill out the application completely and give a detailed description of your education and work experience.	 failure to do so may result in rejection of your application during the minimum qualification review or subsequent comparative analysis.   your application should address the minimum qualifications, substitutions, required competencies, and preferred qualifications. ensure that you have included all required attachments, including your transcript, if applicable.failure to document your experience completely or excluding information required in the application may result in your application being rejected. 




the state of colorado offers permanent employees a variety of benefits including medical, dental, life and disability insurance, as well as a comprehensive leave program.  please click the following link for detailed information:  www.colorado.gov/pacific/dhr/benefits please note that each agency's contact information is different; therefore, we encourage all applicants to view the full, official job announcement which includes contact information and class title. select the job you wish to view, then click on the "print" icon. 






agency
state of colorado




address


                        see the full announcement by clicking
                        the "printer" icon located above the job title



                            

                        location varies by announcement, colorado, --.
                    





website


                        http://www.colorado.gov/jobs
                    




 


                    apply
                



            your browser does not support the iframe feature, which is required by this web page.
        










                    state of colorado job opportunities
                



                    account
                




copyright © 2017












state job opportunities


state of colorado job opportunities










                support
            






sign in form is opened
job application


job details



applying as:

|

                    support
                




                close
            












                close
            







































