














career opportunities: insights advanced analyst (113538) 



























javascript is turned off in your web browser. turn it on to take full advantage of this site, then refresh the page.

loading...






powered by successfactors




                              sign in



















career opportunities: insights advanced analyst (113538)



















requisition id 113538 - posted 10/09/2017 - regular - global publishing - north america - customer experience - austin - texas - united states - americas



 &nbspjob description print preview









	                  apply
	                 
	         	 
              







	                  save job
	                





	                  email job to friend
	                





                  return to list
                







 



insights advanced analyst
 
#weareea and we exist to inspire the world to play. ea values creativity, pioneering, passion, determination, learning, and teamwork. we mean things like acting with curiosity, speaking up with original ideas, and committing to each other as one team.
 
we’re looking for all the best kinds of people to make great experiences for our players. the best people want a job that inspires them while giving them room to enjoy their lives. and we want to give them that. we celebrate diversity and inclusion by creating a place where you can come to work and be yourself. 
 
and we want you to join us. we’re hiring an insights advanced analyst.
this role is part of ea’s customer experience organization. the customer experience organization strives to make ea known for taking care of its players. we’re players taking care of players and people talking to people – whenever, wherever, and however they need us.
 
an insights advanced analyst is responsible for analyzing, reporting, and providing recommendations around the player experience. they create a unique, personalized, signature experience for our players.  they are a mentor to other analysts, they interact with senior leadership to give insights on projects, and they tell the story on how to deliver that ea signature experience.
 
so how does an insights advanced analyst make great experiences for players? they do this kind of work:
 

reporting and insights – collect, interpret, and simplify incoming data across multiple data sources to find actual insights that improve the player experience and deliver a signature customer experience for ea. examples include: operational data around employees, top-issue analysis for our largest games and services, linking operations data to player game data and providing insights to game development teams.
we work with multiple data sources from mysql databases with terabytes of data to redshift clusters with petabytes. we sift, sort, collect and analyze these sources to provide insights to the business.
storytelling – this role needs to anticipate the needs of the senior leader and provide actionable insights to the leadership, stakeholders, and development teams not just data or information. with the correct insights and story, we have an opportunity to shape the player experience and drive the signature customer experience for ea.
initiative – you will find things that need to get done and see them through from beginning to end with little to no supervision.  ultimately the advanced analyst pushes change across the business owning the communication of the insight, recommendation, and benefits.
mentoring –  as an advanced analyst on the team you will be expected to mentor other analysts, provide feedback, and ultimately drive the team forward through excellence and sharing best practices.
having fun – as a game company, a passion for games and improving the player experience is a must. this carries through everything we do in our insights, storytelling, and methods.

 
if this is the role for you, then you are: 
 

self-driven – you’ve got the ability to own projects from kickoff to execution
flexible – you can handle your day-to-day responsibilities alongside anything urgent that comes up out of the blue
a great communicator – you have no problem talking to and working with everyone from your teammates to senior stakeholders, and you’ve got the communication skills to prove it
passionate – you love helping our players just as much as you love the games we make

 
if you’re interested in this role, you’ll need these skills or experiences:
 

a bachelor’s, mba, or master's degree in statistics, computer science, or a related field
8 years of experience in analytics with extensive knowledge in the application of statistics using analytical software
ability to write complex sql in your sleep (t-sql, mysql, postgres, hiveql)
excellent at building key data sets across multiple platforms for operational and exploratory analysis
fluent with analytics languages and tools such as r, python, google analytics, and tableau.
fluent with statistical methodologies such as inferential statistics, eda, and time series analysis
knowledge of best practices for data visualization, analytical writing, and storytelling.
highly proficient in presentation software
knowledge of predictive and prescriptive analytical methods, d3.js, data engineering, and etl is a plus



 

compensation and benefits
we love to brag about our great perks like comprehensive health and benefits packages, tuition reimbursement, 401k with company match and, of course, free video games. and since we realize it takes world-class people to make world-class games, we offer competitive compensation packages and a culture that thrives off of creativity and individuality. at ea, we live the “work hard/play hard” credo every day. in addition to all of this, we offer a discounted onsite gym, stepping stone school onsite, and popcorn every wednesday!



ea is an equal opportunity employer. all employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, national origin, ancestry, sex, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, age, genetic information, religion, disability, medical condition, pregnancy, marital status, family status or veteran status. we will also consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal records in accordance with applicable law.






 









	                  apply
	                 
	           	
              







	                  save job
	                





	                  email job to friend
	                





                  return to list
                






















email this job to a friend





 








 


 



the job has been sent to
          


 



please provide the information below



job title:
        




*your email address:
        




*your friend's email address:
        



message:
        
         






verification code:
        





*please enter the verification code here:
        














send
            




cancel
            



















