






data analyst job in austin, tx | www.shi.com - careers at shi





















this site requires cookies to function. by clicking here you consent to the use of cookies. cookies will be used strictly for the functioning of the site.






search our careers  
	create resume  
	career center  
	faqs  
	


data analyst



job code :
 cso - da 


location :
 austin tx us 78746 


job type :
 full time employee 


career level :
 experienced (non-manager) 


category :
 administrative/clerical 


job description :



about shi international corp
innovative solutions. world class support.

headquartered in somerset, nj, shi international corp. has transformed itself from a $1 million “software-only” regional reseller into a $7.5 billion+ global provider of technology products and services. privately-held and under the guidance of its current ownership since 1989, shi has experienced tremendous growth in size and scope. its organic growth and over two decades of stability are a direct result of backing a highly-skilled, tenured sales force with software volume licensing experts, hardware procurement specialists and certified it services professionals.

shi offers custom it solutions for every aspect of your environment from software and hardware procurement to deployment planning, configuration, data center optimization, mobility and it asset management.
shi supports their clients from over 30 offices throughout the u.s., canada, the u.k., germany, france and hong kong. shi’s goal is to foster long-term, mutually-beneficial relationships with its customers and partners, every day.

**note: this position is located within our austin, texas office.

what shi can offer:

world class facility includes on site gyms, restaurants, nurse practitioner and community events
ongoing opportunities for personal and professional growth and development due to our strong promote from within philosophy
work in an up-beat, creative, and fun environment
benefits, include medical, vision, dental, 401k, and flexible spending
supportive management and leadership



job requirements :


responsibilities:   creation - plan & design backend databases to collect data and produce streamlined metrics that can be reviewed and utilized in multiple ways by sales, sales management, and various pre sales and post-sales support departments data collection & analysis of sales activity across various buckets and milestones provide improvement plan by identifying issues and opportunities within the business partner with the team in cultivating long-term strategic goals for development in conjunction with end users, managers, clients, and other stakeholders assist users with problems and resolves issues independently compile and deliver periodic sales reports  required skills:  in-depth/advance knowledge/user of microsoft excel & access for reporting and database management familiarity with macros, vlookup, and charts ability to create an analysis by building new excel documents based on management request write/use formulas and macros in both programs merge different databases/date sets into a single spreadsheet and/or database analyze, interpret, format, and summarize data for management review proficient in managing and prioritizing multiple project-oriented tasks effectively while working both independently and in a team-oriented environment proven experience with: 	 microsoft tools such as vba (visual basic for applications): creation of custom and complex macros ability to communicate at all levels with clarity and precision both written and verbal robust documentation of process and it procedures experience writing queries against traditional relational and dimensional databases. experience building interactive dashboards with tableau   candidates must have a four-year college degree, all majors considered  referred skills:  sql tableau alteryx  #li-st1 eoe m/f/vets/iwd 
 


education :
 bachelor's degree 


hire type :
 direct 




to submit your resume for this job, select how you heard about the job and then click the "submit your resume" button below.














or



 





email this job to a friend!

your name: 



your friend's email address:
 





or






(note: you need to have an account created in order to refer someone. clicking this button will ask you to log in. if you are a returning user, log in to refer the person. if you are a new user, please create a resume profile first.) 



