





database analyst - austin, tx - travis association for the blind/austin lighthouse jobs









 














home
jobs




database analyst - austin, tx

toggle navigation








database analyst 

jobslogin 











 10-aug-2017 to 30-dec-2017 (cst) austin, tx, usa full time 



email me similar jobs email me this job



responsibilities

develop data process models, including sourcing, loading, transformation, and extraction. 
create plans, test files, and scripts for data testing, ranging from unit to integration testing. 
design and implement database processes. 
implement business rules via stored procedures, middleware, or other technologies. 
map data between source systems, data warehouses. 
verify the structure, accuracy, or quality of warehouse data. 
write new programs or modify existing programs to meet customer requirements, using current programming languages and technologies. 
provide or coordinate troubleshooting support.
test software systems or applications for software enhancements or new products. 
support an enterprise level warehouse management system including peripherals such as wireless rf devices and end user support request. 

 
qualifications 
knowledge

knowledge of computer hardware and software, including applications and programming.
knowledge of administrative and clerical procedures and systems.
knowledge and experience with c#, web development, sql server reporting services, and sql integration services. 

 
skills

critical thinking 
time management 
monitoring
programming
judgment and decision making

 
abilities

the ability to combine pieces of information to form general rules or conclusions.
the ability to generate or use different sets of rules for combining or grouping things in different ways. the ability to identify or detect a known pattern is hidden in other distracting material. 
the ability to concentrate on a task over a period of time without being distracted. 
the ability to quickly and accurately compare similarities and differences among sets of letters, numbers, objects, pictures, or patterns. 

education requirements

bachelor's degree in computer science or related field 
3-5 years of experience in lieu of a college degree
structured query language(sql) 

 
additional notes

experience with salesforce
must pass background & drug screen
internal and external applicants
verifiable documentation of ability to work in the us
blind and visually impaired individuals are encouraged to apply

tab provides equal employment opportunities (eeo) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability or genetics. in addition to federal law requirements, tab complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities. this policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training.

travis association for the blind/austin lighthouse
https://austinlighthouse.applicantpro.com






apply now



you have javascript disabled on your browser. you will not be able to apply for this position without enabling javascript. if you need assistance with enabling javascript, please click here for assistance.





 

* fields are required




what is your full name?




first name



last name





how can we contact you?


email





phone number



number type

home
cell
work






what is your preferred method of communication?


email
text message






apply for this position
apply for this position
by clicking the button above, i agree to applicantpro's applicant information use policy. 






sign up for job alerts!








share this page







 


 


hiring software maintained by applicantpro - © 2017



refresh




 
 
 
 







go
common questions
















