



job application for reporting analyst at kinnser software























          apply now
        
reporting analyst

        at kinnser software
      
(view all jobs)

        austin, texas, united states
      


kinnser is seeking a data analyst for our client services team to be the expert in kinnser data analysis. this includes finding data-driven answers to questions about the customers’ business and counseling internal and external stakeholders regarding operational metrics. the reporting analyst gathers business requirements and assists in delivering compelling reports to drive customer efficiency and performance.
the reporting analyst is responsible for working with kinnser customers and consultants to provide guidance and leadership, as well as to support business reports for our customers.  the analyst will interface with the business departments (account management, sales and accounting, primarily) and internal kinnser support, it, development, and product management teams.
responsibilities
the responsibilities of the reporting analyst include:

gather and document customer data and business requirements across kinnser’s product lines
track and prioritize work requests as needed
support, maintain, and update database of queries and reporting
support, update, and maintain customer reports and dashboards using tableau, excel, sql and other in-house tools
create technical documents effectively and efficiently through use of all applications in the microsoft office suite
support customers and consultants utilizing business intelligence (bi) product tools
assist with sales demonstrations, when appropriate
attend industry conferences to stay familiar with the specific data mining challenges facing the home health, hospice, and home care spaces
work with kinnser’s data team to identify required data and information needs
develop, document, and share best practices as they relate to bi solutions

requirements
the ideal reporting analyst candidate will possess:

bachelors’ degree in business administration, management information systems (mis), or equivalent
two years of tableau or bi solution experience and over two years of working sql experience
strong customer service and written communication skills with a minimum of two years experience working directly with customers
proficiency in microsoft office (word, excel, visio and powerpoint)
strong analytical and reporting skills with attention to detail
thorough understanding of database systems
more than one year in development of test plans, test scripting, and test execution
experience with healthcare data, especially claims and clinical data, is a plus
strong communication and technical writing skills with the ability to translate business ideas into technical requirements
strong organizational and planning skills with a minimum of two years working in a fast-paced, project-centric environment
natural inclination to be inquisitive regarding data issues that may affect the outcome of a project or report
independent thinker while working within a team
high-energy, self-starter, strong sense of urgency
professional approach to position and high degree of integrity

about kinnser
kinnser was founded in 2003 by a young software developer who had an ambitious vision — to improve home healthcare. he set up an office inside a home health agency and created software that was as easy to use as it was powerful.
it’s the most widely used software in home health today.
kinnser has grown, but has never stopped innovating.  today, 20% of our annual revenue is reinvested into research and development. over the years, we’ve introduced breakthrough solutions not only for home health, but for private duty, therapy and hospice as well. plus we’ve developed powerful supporting products, like business intelligence, visit verification, direct secure messaging and many others, that help agencies do more.
our customers have the most important jobs imaginable – providing amazing care to those who need it most. here at kinnser, we believe that the only measure of our success as a company is the success of our customers. our mission is to be the technology partner – and the platform – that helps home health, private duty, therapy and hospice agencies become more efficient, profitable and sustainable businesses. that’s the point of everything we do.







apply for this job

* required
        







first name *



last name *



email *



phone *




              location (city)
                *




resume/cv *


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 














cover letter


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 

















linkedin profile
    





website
    





how did you hear about this job?
    







u.s. equal opportunity employment information (completion is voluntary)


  individuals seeking employment at kinnser software are considered without regards
  to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical
  or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation. you are
  being given the opportunity to provide the following information in order to help us
  comply with federal and state equal employment opportunity/affirmative action record
  keeping, reporting, and other legal requirements.


  completion of the form is entirely voluntary. whatever your decision,
  it will not be considered in the hiring process or thereafter. any information that you
  do provide will be recorded and maintained in a confidential file.


gender
please selectmale
female
decline to self identify


are you hispanic/latino?
please selectyes
no
decline to self identify


please identify your race
please selectamerican indian or alaskan native
asian
black or african american
hispanic or latino
white
native hawaiian or other pacific islander
two or more races
decline to self identify


      race & ethnicity definitions


  if you believe you belong to any of the categories of protected veterans listed below,
  please indicate by making the appropriate selection.  as a government contractor
  subject to vietnam era veterans readjustment assistance act (vevraa), we request this
  information in order to measure the effectiveness of the outreach and positive
  recruitment efforts we undertake pursuant to vevraa. classification of protected
  categories is as follows:


  a "disabled veteran" is one of the following: a veteran of the u.s. military, ground,
  naval or air service who is entitled to compensation (or who but for the receipt of
  military retired pay would be entitled to compensation) under laws administered by the
  secretary of veterans affairs; or a person who was discharged or released from active
  duty because of a service-connected disability.


  a "recently separated veteran" means any veteran during the three-year period beginning
  on the date of such veteran's discharge or release from active duty in the u.s.
  military, ground, naval, or air service.


  an "active duty wartime or campaign badge veteran" means a veteran who served on active
  duty in the u.s. military, ground, naval or air service during a war, or in a campaign
  or expedition for which a campaign badge has been authorized under the laws
  administered by the department of defense.


  an "armed forces service medal veteran" means a veteran who, while serving on active
  duty in the u.s. military, ground, naval or air service, participated in a united
  states military operation for which an armed forces service medal was awarded pursuant
  to executive order 12985.


veteran status
please selecti am not a protected veteran
i identify as one or more of the classifications of a protected veteran
i don't wish to answer



form cc-305
omb control number 1250-0005
expires 1/31/2020

voluntary self-identification of disability
why are you being asked to complete this form?

  because we do business with the government, we must reach out to, hire, and provide
  equal opportunity to qualified people with disabilities1.  to help us
  measure how well we are doing, we are asking you to tell us if you have a disability or
  if you ever had a disability.  completing this form is voluntary, but we hope that you
  will choose to fill it out.  if you are applying for a job, any answer you give will be
  kept private and will not be used against you in any way.


  if you already work for us, your answer will not be used against you in any way.
  because a person may become disabled at any time, we are required to ask all of our
  employees to update their information every five years.  you may voluntarily
  self-identify as having a disability on this form without fear of any punishment
  because you did not identify as having a disability earlier.

how do i know if i have a disability?

  you are considered to have a disability if you have a physical or mental impairment or
  medical condition that substantially limits a major life activity, or if you have a
  history or record of such an impairment or medical condition.

disabilities include, but are not limited to:

blindness
deafness
cancer
diabetes
epilepsy
autism
cerebral palsy
hiv/aids
schizophrenia
muscular dystrophy
bipolar disorder
major depression
multiple sclerosis (ms)
missing limbs or partially missing limbs
post-traumatic stress disorder (ptsd)
obsessive compulsive disorder
impairments requiring the use of a wheelchair
intellectual disability (previously called mental retardation)


disability status
please selectyes, i have a disability (or previously had a disability)
no, i don't have a disability
i don't wish to answer

reasonable accommodation notice

  federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified
  individuals with disabilities. please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation
  to apply for a job or to perform your job.  examples of reasonable accommodation
  include making a change to the application process or work procedures, providing
  documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using
  specialized equipment.


1section 503 of the rehabilitation act of 1973, as amended.  for more
  information about this form or the equal employment obligations of federal contractors,
  visit the u.s. department of labor's office of federal contract compliance programs
  (ofccp) website at www.dol.gov/ofccp.


  public burden statement:  according to the paperwork reduction act of 1995 no persons
  are required to respond to a collection of information unless such collection displays
  a valid omb control number. this survey should take about 5 minutes to complete.








 



share this job:    













powered by 

 
      read our privacy policy
















