
reporting and analytics analyst, community operations | facebook careers







jump tosections of this pageaccessibility helppress alt + / to open this menufacebookemail or phonepasswordforgot account?sign upwork at facebookteamslocationsuniversity studentsbenefitsfacebook lifeour communityonline operationsmenlo parkreporting and analytics analyst, community operations(austin, tx - menlo park, ca) facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at facebook are builders at heart. our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. together, we can help people build stronger communities — we're just getting started. community operations focus is on improving the health of our products and helping people understand how to use them through both direct support interactions as well as scalable solutions. those who join our teams are very passionate about solving people’s issues and are strong advocates for the facebook community. we need influencers who can align cross-functional partners to ensure the best possible experience for our platforms. if you like helping people, community operations is for you.  

facebook is seeking a reporting and analytics analyst to join the reporting and analytics team within community operations. members of this team focus on building and maintaining the centralized, certified, and standardized data logging and reporting system that enables the community operations team to intelligently serve our community at scale. additionally, the team is responsible for providing insights through analysis that helps drive strategy within community operations. responsibilitiesdevelop, build, and maintain reports that contain actionable metrics to monitor the performance of our operations.mine massive amounts of data and extract impactful insights that influence the strategy for community operations.minimum qualificationsba/bs degree.4+ years of experience using sql or other querying language.ability to communicate to a variety of audiences and stakeholders.experience operating strategic projects with cross-functional partners.understanding of statistical analysis.ability to initiate and drive projects to completion with minimal guidance.preferred qualificationsdegree in math, statistics, economics, computer science, or other quantitative field.experience in at least one scripting language (php, python, perl, etc.)experience with large data sets and distributed computing (hive/hadoop)experience with packages such as r, matlab, spss, sas, stata, etc.apply facebook is proud to be an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. we do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, genetic information, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. we also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law.  if you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, you may contact us at accommodations-ext@fb.com or you may call us at +1 650-308-7837. applyplease limit to 3 applications.other positions in community operationscontent writer, community operations(menlo park)global safety project manager, community operations(menlo park)head of regional operations, north america - community support(menlo park)market manager - community operations(dublin)market manager, community operations(hyderabad)market specialist, community operations, finnish(dublin)operations analyst, community operations(austin)operations project manager(mountain view)spam operations manager, community operations(menlo park)training manager, community operations(hyderabad)back to all jobs
 facebook © 2017english (us)about uscompany infoour facebook pagenewsroomcareershow tohelp centerprivacy basicscreate a pagecreate an adour policiesdata policyterms and policiescookiesmore resourcesfamily safety centerfacebook for businessfacebook for developers








