









current job opportunities | teacher retirement system of texas















        for full functionality of this page it is necessary to enable javascript. 
        here are the 
        instructions how to enable javascript in your web browser



data analytics analyst or sr data analytics analyst | teacher retirement system of texas page has loaded. 

data analytics analyst or sr data analytics analyst | teacher retirement system of texas page has loaded. 








  click here or press any key to continue.






                        we updated our privacy policy and terms of use, effective december 12, 2017. view privacy policy and terms of use

×















menu







                close menu
            










                        teacher retirement system of texas
                    




 




current job opportunities
                                        



internal posting (trs employees only)
                                        



subscribe to receive new job notifications
                                        



trs home page
                                        



help & support
                            



legal & privacy
                            




social




linkedin





facebook





twitter





youtube










current job opportunities




sign in












                don't have an account?
                create one.
            

                already have an account?
                sign in.
            








username
















                applications
                





                inbox
                





                profile
            




                account
            




                sign out
                after clicking on this link you will be logged out and the page will be reloaded.










welcome!
thanks for creating an account.













teacher retirement system of texas




powered by
neogov
®












                data analytics analyst or sr data analytics analyst
            



print









                    apply
                







data analytics analyst or sr data analytics analyst





                            salary
                            




$59,004.00 - $117,396.00 annually





                        location
                        




austin, tx






job type


full-time




department


external public markets






job number


18-000039









closing



                1/3/2018 5:00 pm central
            






description


benefits


questions






general description
the data analytics analyst or senior data analytics analyst performs complex to highly complex global equity data analysis and data research work.  work involves conducting detailed analysis of investment related data, conducting data maintenance and research utilizing several database management systems, and report generation using statistical software programs. works under general to limited supervision with moderate latitude for initiative and independent judgment.  may train others.  this position reports to the senior investment manager for analytics.starting salary and level commensurate with the qualifications of the individual selected and the discretion of the hiring manager. position is eligible for incentive paystate classification:  (0653/data analyst iv/b24/exempt) or (0654/data analyst v/b26/exempt)
essential job functions and responsibilities
research and analysis conducts data searches and evaluations of large amounts of investment data.	performs (highly) complex statistical analysis of investment data.	analyzes (highly) complex data using microsoft excel, and standard statistical tools, methods, and techniques.	researches and develops tools and techniques in analytics, manager selection, and portfolio management including performance, risk and holdings-based methods.	creates models to analyze portfolio performance in different economic environments.	tests portfolio management ideas using historic data to assess usefulness.	assists with or conducts statistical analysis projects using historical performance, and holdings-level information.	utilize data mining skills (including data aggregation, auditing, reconciliation, and validation), advanced modeling and testing techniques to assist in conducting reviews and assessments of global equity firms.	monitor key metrics, identify emerging trends, and present data and conclusions to team members and management.	assist in conducting research and identifying new ways to model and analyze investment data through quantitative or qualitative analysis.	coordinates with team members to perform fundamental and statistical investment analysis for potential investment opportunities, including basic investment computations (i.e., return multiples, correlations, volatility analysis, attribution analysis, etc.)data maintenance assists in developing data quality measures, analyzing data quality results, and implementing necessary changes to ensure data quality improvements.	assists with monitoring databases of information on invested and prospective managers.	may develop and implement databases, data collections systems, data analytics, and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and quality.report generation prepares concise, comprehensive reports to present and interpret data, identify alternatives, and make and justify recommendations.	assists with reviewing accounting operations reports used by the custodian at the trust level.	use statistical methods to analyze data and generate complex reports.	provides on-going portfolio management and monitoring including preparing both routine and ad hoc reports.	produces and distributes monthly benchmark performance reports.	develops custom reports based on requests from team members as needed.	may write computer programs to automate repetitive tasks, and design macros to improve efficiency and workflow.  performs related work as assigned.
minimum qualification requirements/licenses and certifications
education: bachelor's degree from an accredited college or university.analyst (data analyst iv) minimum experience: two (2) years of full-time professional experience conducting complex quantitative or qualitative data analysis and evaluation, such as financial analysis, engineering, or statistics.	master's degree in data analytics, statistics, or related field may substitute for the required experience on a year for year basis.senior analyst (data analyst v) minimum experience: four (4) years of full-time professional experience conducting complex quantitative or qualitative data analysis and evaluation, such as financial analysis, engineering, or statistics.	master's degree in data analytics, statistics, or related field may substitute for the required experience on a year for year basis.registration, certification, or licensure: nonepreferred qualifications master's degree from an accredited college or university in data analytics, applied statistics, finance, business administration, or other related field.	experience in investments or financial environment, including regular contact and communication with senior management.	advanced skills in microsoft excel, ms sql server, vba preferred.	strong skills in microsoft word, outlook, and power point.	full-time financial or statistical analysis experience.	experience programming in a variety of programming languages such as vba, python, and matlab.	experience using investment analysis software such as alternativesoft, factset, and bloomberg.veterans / military crosswalk:trs is committed to maintaining a veteran-friendly workplace and attracting, developing and retaining military service members as employees. to assist in determining whether your military experience may relate to the minimum qualifications for this position, military occupational specialty (mos) codes from each branch of the armed forces have been assigned to each state classification title where applicable. depending upon actual duties, the following fields may pertain to the minimum qualifications of this position. candidates who meet the minimum qualifications for this position are highly encouraged to apply. u.s. army occupational codes – enlisted:  25b, 35f, 35g, 35l, 35m, 35x.  officer:  255a, 352n.u.s. navy ratings and designators – enlisted:  ct, ctt, it.  officer:  181x, 182x, 681x, 682x, 781x, 782x.u.s. coast guard ratings – enlisted:  is, it.  officer:  22, 26, 030, c4i10, c4i11, ism, mgt15.u.s. marine corps occupational fields – enlisted:  0239, 6046, 6049.  officer:  8051, 8825, 8846, 8848, 8850.u.s. air force specialty codes – enlisted:  1n0x1, 1n1x1, 1n4x1, 2r0x1, 3d0x1, 3d0x2, 3d0x4.  officer:  14nx, 61ax, 65fx, 65wx, 86p0. please contact the trs human resources department or the trs veterans liaison with questions or for additional information. additional military crosswalk information can be found at:http://www.hr.sao.state.tx.us/compensation/jobdescriptions.aspx 
knowledge skills and abilities/physical requirements
knowledge of:  investment concepts, terminology, styles, models, strategies, and fundamental investment factors.	 statistical concepts, methods, and models, and their application to investments.skill in: using a computer in a windows environment with word processing, spreadsheet, presentation, database, and other business software to prepare correspondence, spreadsheets, charts, and reports.	conducting data searches and evaluations of large amounts of information, performing complex statistical analysis of the data, and preparing concise and accurate reports and written/oral recommendations.	planning, organizing, and prioritizing work assignments to manage a high-volume workload in a fast-paced and changing environment, and in completing detailed work with a high degree of accuracy.	verbal and written communication of complex information that is accurate, timely, and based on sound judgment.	providing quality customer service.ability to: establish and maintain harmonious working relationships with co-workers, agency staff, and external contacts.	work effectively in a professional environment. physical requirements and/or working conditionswork is performed in a standard office environment and requires: normal cognitive abilities including the ability to learn, recall, and apply certain practices and policies;	marginal or corrected visual and auditory requirements;	constant use of personal computers, copiers, printers, and telephones;	the ability to move about the office to access file cabinets and office machinery;	frequent sitting and/or remaining in a stationary position; and	the ability to work under deadlines, as a team member, and in direct contact with others.workforce expectationsmust be able to: regularly, reliably, and punctually attend work;	work extended hours as necessary;	travel occasionally for work assignments and trainings;	show flexibility and adaptability toward changes in assignments and work schedules;	adhere to the agency's internal management policies and procedures; and	exhibit work behaviors consistent with agency core values.




a wide variety of benefits are available to trs employees, including retirement, group insurance, holidays, annual leave, sick leave, other leave longevity pay, deferred compensation, training opportunities, education assistance, employee assistance program...and more!for details about employee benefits, visit employee benefits .







01


describe what about this job is attractive to you.






02


briefly summarize any applicable experience involving a high degree of skill in data analysis and evaluation, such as financial analysis, engineering, or statistics.






03


describe habits, beliefs, and methodologies you embrace that differentiate you from other analysts.






04


list the technology tools you have used for data analysis, including desktop software, databases, third-party data sources, programming languages, statistical programs, etc.  describe your proficiency level and how you use them for analysis.





 required question
                        







agency
teacher retirement system of texas




address


                        1000 red river street


                        austin, texas, 78701.
                    





phone

512-542-6557                        





website


                        http://www.trs.texas.gov
                    




 


                    apply
                



            your browser does not support the iframe feature, which is required by this web page.
        










                    current job opportunities
                



                    account
                




copyright © 2017












teacher retirement system of texas


current job opportunities










                support
            






sign in form is opened
job application


job details



applying as:

|

                    support
                




                close
            












                close
            







































