





business intelligence and reporting analyst | rategenius, inc.















































 



view all jobs
apply now











rategenius, inc.




  
  

business intelligence and reporting analyst








location
austin, tx


type
full time





share this posting











rategenius, a dynamic and rapidly growing loan services company, is seeking a driven, self-starter to grow our business as a business intelligence and reporting analyst in our marketing team!
 
the business intelligence and reporting analyst position at rategenis uses data to decipher market and business trends to increase profits and efficiency. the business intelligence and reporting analyst is responsible for the administration of the company’s business intelligence tool, to track results for various marketing strategies, provide insights into company operations, and monitor industry trends.  this position also provides ad hoc reporting.
 
essential job functions and responsibilities: 

‘mines’ company data through software tools, database connections and interfaces
utilizes the business intelligence tool for mapping the bi tool to information systems and maintains marketing and operation data
provides business intelligence reporting and analytics to the marketing and executive teams
analyzes direct mail penetration and customer generation, provides roadmaps for the direct mail program for testing and improvements
maintains excellent job knowledge of the processes, products, systems, compliance and company information, as well as, continual professional development through personalized training with management, classes, conferences, seminars, workshops, etc

 
skills/requirements:

must have a bachelor’s degree in area of specialty or equivalent professional work experience sql skills a must
understanding information management systems
strong analytic skills to take data and add meaning and context to it to present as actionable information
technical skills – must be adept at using complex software programs
intermediate sql skills
data modelling
ability to work effectively in a team environment and to translate technical terminology to business terminology
ability to interact with a professional demeanor with staff, general public, insurance companies and customers
ability to work independently to drive projects to completion with defined deadlines
must possess excellent planning, problem solving, analytical, organizational, multi-tasking and interpersonal communication skills
must be detail-oriented with respect to documentation and execution

 
nice to haves:
presentation skills 
 
rategenius, inc.


about rategenius:
based in austin, texas, rategenius is a multi-state, web-based loan brokerage company. by hosting a virtual marketplace, rategenius brings together qualified borrowers and competitive lenders to create the best possible financing opportunity for our customers. rategenius is licensed as a registered lender with the texas office of consumer credit commissioner and is a member of the better business bureau. all lenders in the rategenius network are either fdic-insured banks, thrifts or licensed lenders. 
rategenius offers:

financing of a new or used car from a dealer
refinancing of an existing car loan, or a car at the end of a lease
no interest prepayment penalties
extended warranties and mechanical breakdown insurance
credit insurance

rategenius also takes great care of its employees:

dental, vision, life, disability and fsa
sponsored employee health insurance plan
employer matched 401k
subsidized gym membership
a team of awesome coworkers who love what they do!



company website: www.rategenius.com























(if you already have a resume on indeed)

or apply here.


* required fields



first name*


last name*


email*
phone*
location*
address
city*


statealabama
alaska
american samoa
arizona
arkansas
california
colorado
connecticut
delaware
dist. of columbia
florida
georgia
guam
hawaii
idaho
illinois
indiana
iowa
kansas
kentucky
louisiana
maine
maryland
marshall islands
massachusetts
michigan
micronesia
minnesota
mississippi
missouri
montana
nebraska
nevada
new hampshire
new jersey
new mexico
new york
north carolina
north dakota
northern marianas
ohio
oklahoma
oregon
palau
pennsylvania
puerto rico
rhode island
south carolina
south dakota
tennessee
texas
utah
vermont
virginia
virgin islands
washington
west virginia
wisconsin
wyoming


zip code*


 recent job title
recent employer
resume/qualifications*


name
from cloud
attach






      drive
    


paste

paste your resume here







add a cover letter



name
from cloud
attach






      drive
    


paste

paste your cover letter here










are you currently located in the greater austin area?*
yes
no



did you successfully complete the application for employment and background check authorization forms when applying?*
yes
no



what is your highest level of education?*
diploma / ged
associate's degree
bachelor's degree
master's degree and above



how many years of marketing experience do you have?*
0-1 years
2-3 years
4+ years



i work best:*
at a slow pace
at a medium pace
at a fast pace



what are your salary requirements?*




will you now or in the future require visa sponsorship for employment?*
yes
no


u.s. equal opportunity employment information (completion is voluntary)


  we are an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive
  consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex,
  national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other
  characteristic protected by law.
 
  you are being given the opportunity to provide the following information in order to
  help us comply with federal and state equal employment opportunity/affirmative action
  record keeping, reporting, and other legal requirements.
 
  completion of the form is entirely voluntary. whatever your decision, it will not be
  considered in the hiring process or thereafter. any information that you do provide
  will be recorded and maintained in a confidential file.




gender



female
male
decline to self identify




race/ethnicity



hispanic or latino
white (not hispanic or latino)
black or african american (not hispanic or latino)
native hawaiian or other pacific islander (not hispanic or latino)
asian (not hispanic or latino)
american indian or alaska native (not hispanic or latino)
two or more races (not hispanic or latino)
decline to self identify




disability status
form cc-305omb control number 1250-0005expires 1/31/2017 voluntary self-identification of disability why are you being asked to complete this form?because we do business with the government, we must reach out to, hire, and provide equal opportunity to qualified people with disabilities1. to help us measure how well we are doing, we are asking you to tell us if you have a disability or if you ever had a disability. completing this form is voluntary, but we hope that you will choose to fill it out. if you are applying for a job, any answer you give will be kept private and will not be used against you in any way. if you already work for us, your answer will not be used against you in any way. because a person may become disabled at any time, we are required to ask all of our employees to update their information every five years. you may voluntarily self-identify as having a disability on this form without fear of any punishment because you did not identify as having a disability earlier.  how do i know if i have a disability?you are considered to have a disability if you have a physical or mental impairment or medical condition that substantially limits a major life activity, or if you have a history or record of such an impairment or medical condition. disabilities include, but are not limited to:
blindness
deafness
cancer
diabetes
epilepsy
autism
cerebral palsy
hiv/aids
schizophrenia
muscular dystrophy
bipolar disorder
major depression
multiple sclerosis (ms)
missing limbs or partially missing limbs
post-traumatic stress disorder (ptsd)
obsessive compulsive disorder
impairments requiring the use of a wheelchair
intellectual disability (previously called mental retardation)




yes, i have a disability (or previously had a disability)
no, i don't have a disability
i don't wish to answer


reasonable accommodation notice federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified individuals with disabilities. please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job or to perform your job. examples of reasonable accommodation include making a change to the application process or work procedures, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. 1 section 503 of the rehabilitation act of 1973, as amended. for more information about this form or the equal employment obligations of federal contractors, visit the u.s. department of labor’s office of federal contract compliance programs (ofccp) website at www.dol.gov/ofccp. public burden statement: according to the paperwork reduction act of 1995 no persons are required to respond to a collection of information unless such collection displays a valid omb control number. this survey should take about 5 minutes to complete.



veteran status
if you believe you belong to any of the categories of protected veterans listed below, please indicate by making the appropriate selection. as a government contractor subject to vietnam era veterans readjustment assistance act (vevraa), we request this information in order to measure the effectiveness of the outreach and positive recruitment efforts we undertake pursuant to vevraa. classification of protected categories is as follows: a "disabled veteran" is one of the following: a veteran of the u.s. military, ground, naval or air service who is entitled to compensation (or who but for the receipt of military retired pay would be entitled to compensation) under laws administered by the secretary of veterans affairs; or a person who was discharged or released from active duty because of a service-connected disability. a "recently separated veteran" means any veteran during the three-year period beginning on the date of such veteran's discharge or release from active duty in the u.s. military, ground, naval, or air service. an "active duty wartime or campaign badge veteran" means a veteran who served on active duty in the u.s. military, ground, naval or air service during a war, or in a campaign or expedition for which a campaign badge has been authorized under the laws administered by the department of defense. an "armed forces service medal veteran" means a veteran who, while serving on active duty in the u.s. military, ground, naval or air service, participated in a united states military operation for which an armed forces service medal was awarded pursuant to executive order 12985.




i am not a protected veteran
i identify as one or more of the classifications of protected veterans
i don't wish to answer



 

i was referred to this position by a current employee

who referred you?*
 









 







 |
    support@careerplug.com |
    privacy policy






