


careers center - business analyst
















































please enable cookies to continue
please enable cookies in your browser to experience all the personalized features of this site, including the ability to apply for a job.







welcome page







returning candidate?

log back in!












business analyst


location

us-austin

posted date

2 weeks ago






overview






who you are: do you see data as more than just a jumble of digits? do you jump into the numbers like it’s a playground, full of nuggets of info that can transform how a business operates? if this sounds like you, we want you on our team! spiceworks is looking for a detail-oriented, data fanatic who’s ready to dive deep into the spiceworks database, analyze the ins-and-outs, and use those findings to help drive new business and keep current customers coming back!who we are: launched in 2006, spiceworks is an austin-based company that’s shaking up the tech space and transforming how products (hardware, software, and it services) are marketed and sold to millions of it professionals around the world. the world’s leading tech brands (including microsoft, dell, hpe/hpi, and rackspace) use spiceworks to reach and connect with these it pros. historically a tough market to reach, vendors love the unique ways spiceworks helps them connect with this elusive market… so much so that forbes touted us “the future of media.” 








responsibilities






your day-to-day (as a spiceworks business analyst, you’ll):use analytical know-how and super-human sql skills to spot key business insights, trends and opportunities in our vast database of millions of recordshelp interpret and communicate your findings in a way that’s easily understood by the average, non-data guru (like directors of fortune 500 companies)help drive new business and support existing clients by pulling stats that play a key part in helping our sales team close deals and improve current customer campaignsinteract with internal and external clients to extract, interpret and communicate datadraw out key business insights and provide actionable recommendationsdevelop graphs/dashboards/metrics from raw data to help show roi to customersput together compelling (but easily understood) presentations to help the sales team close dealscompile monthly dashboards to track performance for customersthe best part? you’ll enjoy the roller-coaster ride of it along the way!








qualifications






what does it take to do this job?sql/database expertise – queries are your best friend!familiarity and interest in python and big data & open source stacks4 to 6 years of relevant experience in analyticsout-of-this-world excel skills – you know pivot tables and formulas like the back of your handstrong analytical, conceptual and problem-solving abilitiesstrong written and oral communication skills – you’re a people person!powerpoint savvy – you create eye-catching, yet informative presos like nobody’s business  knowledge of media business and tech vendors is a plus





options

apply for this job onlineapplyshareemail this job to a friendrefer


sorry the share function is not working properly at this moment. please refresh the page and try again later.

share on your newsfeed




connect with us!




not ready to apply? connect with us for general consideration.






application faqssoftware powered by icimswww.icims.com









