

































boston childrens hospital - job details



































       ?

homesearch  openingssearch  resultscurrent pagejob  details   

job details job 1 of 1   apply   save to cart       title  healthcare data analyst   department  network development & strategic partnerships   job posting description  at boston children’s hospital, success is measured in patients treated, parents comforted and teams taught. it’s in discoveries made, processes perfected, and technology advanced. in major medical breakthroughs and small acts of kindness. and in colleagues who have your back and patients who have your heart. as the teaching hospital of harvard medical school, our reach is global and our impact is profound.  join boston children’s hospital’s integrated care organization (chico) and discover how your talents can change lives. yours included. this healthcare data analyst is responsible for:using complex healthcare data in analyses related to the negotiation, implementation and ongoing maintenance of chico contracts, primarily with respect to risk and other alternative payment arrangement. analytic activities include data systems management, statistical data programming, analysis, error checks, documentation, and clinical and operational reporting.generating analyses and reports from internal and external sources including benchmarking databases (e.g. specialty-specific registries).supporting constructive, professional relations with third party payers in order to effectively represent chico/bch and with key internal constituents.maintaining sufficient knowledge of basic statistical and methodological principles and techniques to ensure effective collaboration with biostatisticians, epidemiologists, and program staff regarding appropriate analysis and interpretation of results.adhering to appropriate technical standards and guidelines as well as security and data governance policies. to qualify, you must have:the knowledge of theories, principles, and concepts typically acquired through completion of a bachelor's degree in business, health care administration, finance, or a closely related field and a minimum of 3 years of experience.knowledge of relational databases and reporting and analysis tools.programming experience in sql, sas, r, stata, spss, java, vba or other related database language.technical awareness of coding systems, data types and data structures used to store clinical, demographic, and financial data in healthcare databases, preferred.demonstrated a strong understanding of analytical and technical limitations and capabilities.knowledge of clinical concepts, terminology and workflow – preferably as they apply to pediatrics. one year of experience in a pediatric healthcare setting is preferred.an understanding of hospital/physician reimbursement methodologies for assessing risk terms and analytics, preferred.this position is eligible for an employee referral bonus.  boston children’s hospital offers competitive compensation and unmatched benefits, including affordable health, vision and dental insurance, generous levels of time off, 403(b) retirement savings plan, pension, tuition reimbursement, cell phone plan discounts and discounted rates on t-passes (50% off). discover your best. boston children’s hospital is an equal opportunity / affirmative action employer. qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to their race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, protected veteran status or disability.   status  full time   standard hours per week  40   autoreqid  43379br    apply   save to cart     


  


boston children’s hospital is an equal opportunity / affirmative action employer.  qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to their race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, protected veteran status or disability.  the following link provides more information regarding the federal laws prohibiting discrimination in employment: eeo is the law










   

