




careers | harvard business publishing










corporate learning | 
harvard business review | 
higher education





harvard business publishing (hbp) was founded in 1994 as a not-for-profit, wholly-owned subsidiary of harvard university. our mission is to improve the practice of management in a changing world. we do this by bringing together the best of academic research and real-world management expertise from around the globe. through our multiple platforms, we publish ideas that inform and inspire managers, corporations, and educators. harvard business publishing comprises three market groups: corporate learning, harvard business review group, and higher education. learn more about harvard business publishing, our mission, the ideas we publish, and the markets we serve.
harvard business publishing is an eeo/affirmative action employer and will make all employment-related decisions without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or protected veteran status. eeo is the law. click here to read more about equal employment opportunity.
* if you are interested in applying for employment with harvard business publishing and need special assistance or an accommodation to apply for a posted position, call 617-783-7400 to speak with one of our recruiters.
if you are a highly talented individual who shares our passion for ideas and learning, we encourage you to apply.









job title:

analyst - business analytics, intelligence and data science




department:

corporate learning




employment type:

full time




office location:

brighton, ma




date posted:

11/6/2017




job number:

jo-1711-1058






share
|




|email this job





the analyst - business analytics, intelligence and data science is responsible for defining, conducting and developing business insights through in-depth data analysis.  you will evaluate business requirements, identify sources of data, and use business intelligent tools (eg alteryx, tableau, birst, etc) to create analytically rich solutions to critical business questions.  you will also develop standardized reports, dashboards and self-service access to critical information for individuals across all the functional groups within corporate learning. you will need to become quickly familiar with our data, its structure, as well as having strong business acumen skills (in finance, marketing, product development) which will allow you to create meaningful insights in support of our business.  the analyst will work collaboratively with all groups throughout the corporate learning organization.you will:
work with business stakeholders to define business requirements; identify and recommend potential data sources and solutions; and develop customized reports, analyses, and/or data visualizations that answer the problem.develop analytically rich solutions that help us both understand what has happened in the past, and help us predict what will happen in the future.identify and design processes that ensure data integrity and accuracy across the entire organizationmanage assigned projects and support activities of team.  ensure prompt completion of specific deliverables.  ensures accuracy and productivity in project completion and works cooperatively with all internal and external contacts.  ensure adherence to data management/data governance regulations and policies. 
 your experience:
3-5 years’ experience in a business intelligence, analytics or data science.worked in highly regarded companies/organizations, with high standards for excellence.degree in math, statistics, computer science, other quantitative discipline with strong business background. strong technical experience in alteryx,tableau, birst, ms sql, excel.
harvard business publishing (hbp) is an idea-driven company with a commitment to improving the practice of management. we're a wholly owned subsidiary of harvard university serving customers across three primary markets: educational institutions, corporations, and individual managers. the corporate learning division of harvard business publishing provides blended learning and online performance support solutions that address leadership development for emerging and experienced leaders and managers.
						




would you like to apply to this job?
apply for the analyst - business analytics, intelligence and data science position












careers


search open jobs
submit resume-general interest









corporate learning | 
harvard business review | 
higher education


privacy policy | 
copyright information | 
trademark policy

copyright © 2013 harvard business school publishing. all rights reserved. harvard business publishing is an affiliate of harvard business school.



january
february
march
april
may
june
july
august
september
october
november
december
2016
2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
sunmontuewedthufrisat
       
       
       
       
       
       
today