


        analyst -        allen & gerritsen -         job board
    

























 






view our website



view all jobs















thanks for visiting our job board. please review our open positions and apply to the positions that match your qualifications. 



analyst


boston, ma                    

full time                

analytics                    

experienced                


















allen & gerritsen is seeking an analyst to join our growing analytics department. as the importance of understanding and utilizing marketing data increases, so does the demand for analysts. the analyst will play a key role in managing, understanding, and generating insights from a multitude of data sources. our ultimate goal is to help improve our client’s business with smart, data-backed thinking.
 
responsibilities:

develop marketing analytics strategies for agency clients
create marketing & business-centric analyses covering all communication channels
design, conduct and interpret results of in-market tests
consult with a&g clients and internal teams on analytically driven solutions
work with a cross-functional team to identify marketing optimization opportunities, including insightful recommendations to improve performance
organize and structure performance related data from a variety of sources (paid media, social platforms, web analytics solutions, 3rd party data providers)
create reporting interfaces & dashboards to visually demonstrate performance
generate data tracking strategies and implementation parameters
maintain fluency in relevant analytics and interactive technologies
effectively present analysis (verbal and written) for project teams and business leaders

 
skills & requirements:

bachelor’s degree in marketing, statistics, economics, business, or finance. marketing analytics specific programs is a plus.
1-2 years of professional experience in marketing analytics, media analysis (online or direct marketing), advertising or consulting.
experience with analytics solutions including ad-serving platforms, search management technologies, web analytics solutions & social media platforms (i.e.  google analytics, adobe marketing suite, kenshoo, doubleclick)
experience with one or more statistical analysis tools is a plus (i.e. sas, r, spss, stata)
experience with data visualization software & tag management solutions a plus (i.e. tableau, domo, tealium, google tag manager)
experience with one or more relational database management systems (rdms) a plus (i.e. oracle, ms sql server)
experience with forecasting, predictive modeling & scenario planning is a plus
experience with microsoft excel, powerpoint, word
inventive, intellectually curious and a creative thinker
excellent verbal and written communication skills, with the ability to prepare clear and concise client-ready documents
demonstrated time management skills
strong interpersonal skills. must be able to work well in a dynamic team environment. cultural fit is key.

 
allen & gerritsen (a&g) is a fiercely independent agency in the cities where independence was born, boston & philadelphia. innovation & culture drive its success. a&g runs its own innovation think/make tank (a&g labs), creates original entertainment through its production studio (a&g entertainment), embeds brands into the cultural conversation through its brand newsroom and creates brand experiences that marry a brand’s physical and digital worlds to enhance consumer engagement. ad age twice has named a&g the best place to work in u.s. marketing & media. to learn more, check out http://www.a-g.com/ or follow the agency on linkedin, facebook, twitter and instagram.
allen & gerritsen is committed to creating a diverse and inclusive environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. unsolicited resumes from staffing agencies will not be accepted at this time.

read more



apply for position








            apply for this position        
required*



apply with linkedin







apply with indeed









first name*



last name*



email address*



address
















phone*



resume*

attach resume
                    or
                    paste resume



                        attach resume as .pdf, .doc, or .docx (limit 2mb) or
                        paste resume


 




                            paste your resume here or
                            attach resume file









cover letter*



in 150 characters or fewer, tell us what makes you unique. try to be creative and say something that will catch our eye!*

150



submit application














×close
forward this position





recipient email address (one)



your name



your email address



enter a message (optional)
the message cannot contain links




human check*




















powered by















