


		data scientist -		true fit - 		job board
	










































 


go to our website »












« go back to job listings


data scientist



location: boston, ma		

department: science		

type: full time		

min. experience: mid level		





company overview
true fit is a data-driven platform that uses one-of-a-kind data to help people find clothes and shoes that they love and keep. we have the world's most complete fashion dataset allowing us to connect consumers, brands, and retailers across the entire industry.  this dataset is the fuel for deep personalization powered by ai and driven by our science and engineering teams. we are looking for energetic and motivated scientists at all levels to join us at our downtown boston location.
our fashion retailer dataset is unparalleled, and our work is much more than analyzing sales and return patterns.
what we do

personalized recommendations -  using collaborative filtering and both style and shape based recommender systems for personalized affinity predictions and recommendations.
large scale text classification - to categorize products and extract attributes which helps retailers better organize their product catalogs.
entity disambiguation - to help make sense of the thousands of different product sizes and to translate them all to a common scale.
anomaly detection - to identify strange user behavior and, to detect both internal and external system issues.

what you will do

define problems, research solutions, and figure out which data to use in your solution.
query, assemble, clean, and refine datasets in preparation for analysis.
analyze data using a variety techniques in order to build a proof of concept for your solution.
build high-quality prototypes and collaborate with the engineering team to implement the solution in a scalable framework, e.g. spark.
communicate findings to stakeholders and a broader audience of technical and non-technical co-workers.
lead projects, work on teams, and mentor junior analysts/scientists.

required experience/skills

education and/or experience in a quantitative field. (phd/master’s degree)
experience with statistics, mathematical modeling, and/or machine learning, and experience implementing such methods to tackle real world problems using real data. 
experience with sql.
experience with python (familiarity with a statistical programming package, such as pandas, is a plus).
experience with big data tools and frameworks, such as spark, is a plus.
excellent english communications skills (written and oral).
experience with text analysis or computer vision is a plus.
willingness to learn new tools as they become needed.

we are proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination. we strongly believe that diversity of experience, perspectives, and background will lead to a better environment for our employees and a better product for the brands, retailers, and users that we work with. this is something we value deeply and we encourage everyone to come be a part of the digital revolution of fashion retail. 





 

 

 





forward this position




				recipient email address (one)
			

 



				your name
			

 



				your email address
			

 



				enter a message (optional)
			

 








human check*





  




« go back to job listings













			apply for this position		

			* required fields
		










first name*





last name*





email address*





location 





phone number*





resume*


attach resume or
					paste resume





						attach resume as .pdf, .doc, or .docx (limit 2mb) or
						paste resume



 




						paste your resume here or
						attach resume file



 



cover letter*





who referred you to this position?





what’s your citizenship / employment eligibility?*

no answeri am a u.s. citizen/permanent residentnon-citizen allowed to work for any employernon-citizen allowed to work for current employernon-citizen seeking work authorizationi am a canadian citizen/permanent residentother

















 






