




associate data analyst - cambridge ma 02139















skip navigation        









    massachusetts institute of technology
  






external candidates














navigation	    		                            	






search        



      
my account        


           
                    saved jobs (0)
                



sign in                    












job details                











associate data analyst
 








job number:


15369
 


functional area:


resource development/fundraising
 


department:


alumni association
 


school area:


alumni association
 






employment type:


full-time
 


employment category:


exempt
 


visa sponsorship available:


no
 


schedule:


m-f, 9:00 a.m. - 5:00 p.m.
 










 


email a friend


save

save


 apply with linkedin


apply now












job description:

associate data analyst, alumni association, to be responsible for the ongoing data analysis and reporting for the mit annual fund’s donor and non-donor populations.  will leverage existing data to make recommendations and provide solutions for challenges in engaging mit students and alumni in giving and volunteering in class-based campaigns; use existing and develop new analytical tools and reports to help identify volunteers, set annual strategies and goals, and track results; handle budget tracking and forecasting; work closely with partners to develop new tools and reports using alumni data; and research and gather information.
 



job requirements:

required:  a bachelor’s degree, preferably with a concentration in mathematics; three years’ related work experience, ideally in a higher education fund-raising environment; experience running complex queries; fluency with excel (using embedded macros); proven ability to learn new software and navigate complex databases; and willingness to learn.  experience with complex statistical analysis software (spss, r, tableau) desired.  seek a resourceful and self-motivated team player who demonstrates outstanding time management and organization skills, attention to detail, and the ability to manage multiple projects concurrently.  experience with advance preferred.  job #15369-n11/2/17
 



mit is an equal employment opportunity employer. all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment and will not be discriminated against on the basis of race, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, religion, disability, age, genetic information, veteran status, ancestry, or national or ethnic origin.                






















navigation	    		                            	






search        



      
my account        


           
                    saved jobs (0)
                



sign in                    























jobdetails










































