





data scientist (product) – spotify jobs
















































job categories
locations
backstage
students
search jobs













job categories
locations
backstage
students
search jobs













data scientist (product)

analytics / data & analytics / data science in boston, usa 



we are looking for a data scientist to join the band and help drive a data-first culture across spotify.
as a data scientist, our mission is to turn terabytes of data into insights and get a deep understanding of music and listeners to impact the strategy and direction of spotify. you will study user behavior, strategic initiatives, markets, content, and new features and bring data and insights into every decision we make. above all, your work will impact the way the world experiences music. 
what you’ll do:


perform analyses on large sets of data to extract actionable insights that will help drive decisions across the business


communicate data-driven insights and recommendations to key stakeholders


work closely with cross-functional teams of analysts, product owners, marketers, designers, and others across the company who are passionate about spotify’s success


work from our offices in boston 


who you are:


you have at least 4+years of experience in a similar data scientist role and a degree in science, computer science, statistics, economics, mathematics, or similar quantitative discipline.


you have a deep understanding of numbers, as well as a strong business sense.


you have the technical competence to perform more advanced analytics:



coding skills (such as python, java, or scala)


analytics tools experience (such as pandas, r, spss, sql, or hadoop)


experience performing analysis with large datasets



you are capable of tackling very loosely defined problems.


you are a communicative person that values building strong relationships with colleagues and stakeholders and have the ability to explain complex topics in simple terms.


we are proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination. we strongly believe that diversity of experience, perspectives, and background will lead to a better environment for our employees and a better product for our users and our creators. this is something we value deeply and we encourage everyone to come be a part of changing the way the world listens to music.




share

						save					







apply now







similar jobs








job
category
location






data engineer



analytics, data & analytics, engineering & it, software engineering 

london, uk 




product insights manager – advertising product and platforms



data & analytics, design & ux, product design, user research 

new york, usa 




user researcher



data & analytics, design & ux, product design, user research 

stockholm, sweden 




user researcher



data & analytics, design & ux, product design, user research 

boston, usa 











							more jobs						







related content







 

								boston							
see more jobs in boston.





 

								data & analytics							
see more jobs in data & analytics.








spotify
company

about
press
news


communities

for artists
developers
brands


useful links

help
gift
web player








instagram





twitter





facebook





linkedin






legal
cookies


© 2017 spotify ab  |  powered by wordpress.com vip

powered by wordpress.com vip












