



job application for product data analyst at cargurus























          apply now
        
product data analyst

        at cargurus
      
(view all jobs)

        cambridge, ma
      


cargurus product management team is looking for data analysts across a range of experience levels to join our new revenue optimization and analytics team. we are looking for strong technical skills to spearhead data analysis supporting the overall product and business strategy. the candidate will be excited to work with business intelligence tools, a variety of analytics techniques and analyzing complex data to arrive at insightful conclusions. we want people to drive business decisions and product development priorities. 
the candidate must be comfortable working cross-functionally with many departments and stakeholders to solve shared business problems. the candidate must be a self-starter, multi-tasker and work well under pressure to meet ongoing and overlapping deadlines within short time constraints. successful individuals in this role will crave empowerment and ownership, have exceptionally high intellectual curiosity and have the tenacity to overcome hurdles on the road to creating better business solutions
what you’ll do:

work with the product, engineering, marketing, sales, and finance departments to ensure efficient and accurate reporting systems and data management platforms that scale with the business
create business intelligence dashboards and data visualization tools to track product performance and cross-functional business objectives
conduct ad hoc data mining and analysis to support exploration of hypotheses regarding performance of existing product features and opportunities for new product offerings
maintain data integrity and “single source of truth” across multiple internal databases and reporting systems
analyze results of product tests to inform iteration and product design and business strategy
provide complex reporting on website usage, behavior patterns, and customer insights
present data analysis, visualizations, and insights to key stakeholders

who you are:

bachelor’s degree or equivalent required; masters in a related field preferred (e.g. economics, math, statistics, or computer science)
2 to 7 years of experience in data analysis
advanced level knowledge of sql and database structures required
working knowledge of various data analysis and reporting tools and comfort in getting up to speed on new tools (e.g. looker, tableau, or similar business intelligence tools)
ability to work independently and in a cross-functional setting
familiarity with web and mobile analytics datasets and a/b testing methodologies
excellent verbal and written communication skills
knowledge and background in online advertising or related industry a plus

 







apply for this job

* required
        







first name *



last name *



email *



phone *



resume/cv *


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 














cover letter


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 

















linkedin profile
    





website
    





how did you hear about this job? *






do you currently have legal us work authorization?
    


--
yes
no


will you, now or in the future, require the support of cargurus to maintain that authorization?
    


--
yes
no








 



share this job:    













powered by 

 
      read our privacy policy
















