job detailsjob basketaccessibilityhomejobsjob: irc48709add to basketreferapply nowjavascript enabled browser required.descriptionjob titlebusiness analyst ilocationrancho cordova, ca, usorganization namemarket researchdepartment descriptionbrief descriptionwe’re looking for a strong business analyst to join our marketing team.  you’ll play a key role in supporting our market strategy, sales and product development teams by identifying and evaluating market opportunities and assessing business performance.  you’ll have the opportunity to provide analytical support through research, data gathering, reporting and development of insights.  you’ll join a growing team and have an opportunity to build your career while you immediately contribute to key business initiatives.detailed description·       research and analyze market data, customer research and business performance and trends to identify opportunity which help the team focus on the most promising growth opportunities.·       may develop plans and proposals to address issues.·       participates in the development and management of project plans from project planning and design through testing, implementation and maintenance.·       prepares written reports and verbal presentations summarizing project objectives, analysis, conclusions, issues and recommendations.·       serve as a key member of cross functional growth teams providing these teams with data driven insights that lead to improved customer experiences and business performance. ·     communicates with and organizes division staff or project team to meet project objectives. job requirements·       a bachelor’s degree or equivalent education, training or experience is required.·       a minimum of 1-3 years related experience.  ·       detail orientated, creative and flexible.·       strong analytical and problem solving skills  ·       strong organizational/time management skills and multi-tasking abilities.·       experience with data-driven structured analysis techniques. ·       msoffice skills (outlook, word, excel, powerpoint).·       experience with access, tableau, and sql preferred. ·       clear written and verbal communicate skills.  ·       ability to work well in a highly collaborative environment.   additional details how to applyminimum salarycurrencyamount of travelwork at homedocumentstitletypedescriptioncategorylast updated bylast updatedusageupdatedeleteno results found.add to basketreferapply nowhomejobsjob basketaccessibilityprivacy statementcopyright (c) 2006, oracle. all rights reserved.  
