


careers center - senior data delivery engineer















































please enable cookies to continue
please enable cookies in your browser to experience all the personalized features of this site, including the ability to apply for a job.







welcome page







returning candidate?

log back in!












senior data delivery engineer


job location

us-nc-morrisville





shift

40


type

regular full-time









overview






this is a brilliant opportunity to join an established technology company and work on a new product line for the eclinical landscape.  trial oversight utilizes cutting edge technology to aggregate and integrate data, and then works to create innovative visualization of the data to our life sceinces clients to best track enterprise wide clinical studies across organizations.  your role as a data delivery engineer is to be on the front lines of this work, developing data extracts, customizing reports to facilitate successful clinical trials that delivers healthy outcomes to patients.  your work will positively impact people's health and expedite the delivery of life-changing treatments to those in need.








responsibilities






1. develop highly tuned reports and data extracts for both internal and external customers.2. mentor team members and collaborate with coworkers across disciplines.3. recommend design approaches and reporting options to allow for successful clinical trials.4. develop internal strategic initiatives that allow both ert and the data delivery team to run at peak efficiency.








qualifications






masters degree and at least 3 years database programming experience or bachelors degree at least 5 years database programming experienceadvanced technical sql experience including ability to develop optimized stored procedures, views, functions and tables.must possess excellent verbal and written communication skills.ability to organize and prioritize multiple simultaneous projects and priorities.ability to read and understand xml, css and javascript.familiarity with sas datasets and/or sas scripts.highly desirable:experience with ms transact-sql, particularly sql 2008 r2.experience developing xslt, css and/or javascript.sas programming experience.clinical trial experience.experience with clinical trial industry data standards such as oracle clinical, cdisc odm cdisc sdtm, etc.experience with other programming languages, such as c, c++ or visual basic.





options

apply for this job onlineapplysharerefer this job to a friendrefer


sorry the share function is not working properly at this moment. please refresh the page and try again later.

share on your newsfeed




connect with us!




not ready to apply? connect with us for general consideration.
















