

	ca jobs




































skip to main content




×



default


high contrast




reset



increase font size
font 





decrease font size
font 













                                    ecos interruption:
                                

                                    online examinations will be down due to maintenance on saturday, december 16, 2017, from 5:00am - 6:00pm. thank you for your patience
                                



                                    calcareers informational message:
                                

                                    as of january 1, 2018, your salary information will no longer be required on your application template (std.678).
                                





×

























                                site search: 
						
						
						




                                site search
                            

 contact us

 faq

 glossary

 tutorials



                                 settings




                                 messages




























menu











search













home



new to state service




                                    state employees
                                







                                    veterans
                                



persons with disabilities



state retirees



log in
                                
















                                        job posting
                                    



































office of systems integration
job announcement posting


jc-82839 - senior information systems analyst (supervisor)
final filing date: until filled



equal opportunity employer
the state of california is an equal opportunity employer to all, regardless of age, ancestry, color, disability (mental and physical), exercising the right to family care and medical leave, gender, gender expression, gender identity, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, military or veteran status, national origin, political affiliation, race, religious creed, sex (includes pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding and related medical conditions), and sexual orientation.
it is an objective of the state of california to achieve a drug-free work place. any applicant for state employment will be expected to behave in accordance with this objective because the use of illegal drugs is inconsistent with the law of the state, the rules governing civil service, and the special trust placed in public servants.


position details


job control details

job code #:
jc-82839


position #(s):
791-753-1340-001


classification:

senior information systems analyst (supervisor)


                                        $6,551.00 - $8,611.00
                                        
                                        
                                    










# of positions:
1


work location:
sacramento county


job type:
permanent, full time






department information

		
            the office of systems integration (osi) fosters a learning organization and a culture that embraces collaboration and focuses on professional growth.  we are passionate about the people of california who receive vital health and human services by the successful delivery of our large, complex it systems.  we are a trusted leader and work toward common goals, by sharing knowledge, learning and building consensus to implement solutions.  we support each other and create the synergy that can only come from working with respect, integrity and accountability.  
headquartered in the natomas area of sacramento, we offer free parking, many convenient shopping and dining options, a comfortable work environment and beautiful office facilities. http://osi.ca.gov/



job description and duties
under the general direction of the cws-ns procurement and contract manager (data processing manager iii), the sr. isa supv acts as a project leader on the most complex procurement and contract management activities on behalf of the child welfare digital services (cwds) organization, focuses on the day-to-day activities of the procurement and contract unit, is responsible for meeting the unit’s business goals, and performs decision-making at the operational level.see attached duty statement for complete list of essential functions


special requirements




please submit the std 678 application and any other required documents electronically through your calcareer account at www.jobs.ca.gov. if you are unable to apply electronically, an alternative method can be provided by contacting the human resources contact identified below.



application instructions

completed applications and all required documents must be received by the final filing date in order to be considered.
            final filing date: until filled
who may apply
 individuals who are currently in the classification, eligible for lateral transfer, eligible for reinstatement, eligible for a training and development assignment, have sroa and/or surplus eligibility, or have list eligibility (or are in the process of obtaining list eligibility). sroa and surplus candidates may attach “surplus letters” to their applications. applications will be screened and only the most qualified applicants will be selected for an interview.
how to apply

complete application packages (applications and any applicable or required documents) must be submitted electronically through your calcareer account at www.jobs.ca.gov.
required application documents

                    please submit the following items with your application.  
                    applicants who do not submit the required items timely may not be considered for this job:
                

electronic state employment application through your applicant account at www.jobs.ca.gov.
   all experience and education relating to the minimum qualifications listed on the classification specification should be included to demonstrate how you meet the minimum qualifications for the position.statement of qualifications - this recruitment will consist of a statement of qualifications (soq) evaluation. the soq is a narrative discussion of your education, training, experience, and skills to meet the desirable qualifications in qualifying for the position. •	address each desirable qualification individually and respond with specific examples that directly relate to your experience, knowledge and abilities. •	quantify and qualify your experience, knowledge and abilities as it directly relates to each desirable qualification (i.e., three years of experience performing…). •	the soq serves as a documentation of each candidate’s ability to present information clearly and concisely in writing and should be typed, double-spaced, uses arial font (size 12), and no more than five pages in length.resume is optional.  it may be included, but is not required.


applicants requiring reasonable accommodations for the hiring interview process must request the necessary accommodations if scheduled for a hiring interview.  the request should be made at the time of contact to schedule the interview.  questions regarding reasonable accommodations may be directed to the eeo contact listed on this job posting. 



desirable qualifications
in addition to evaluating each candidate's relative ability, as demonstrated by quality and breadth of experience, the following factors will provide the basis for competitively evaluating each candidate:
•	understanding of it procurement and contract management.•	strong leadership skills and ability to leverage strengths.•	excellent writing skills with the ability to convey those skills to others. 
•	excellent verbal communication and listening skills with demonstrated high emotional intelligence.
•	strong decision-making, problem solving and planning skills.
•	excellent ability to manage to changing environment and prioritize


contact information

the human resources contact is available to answer questions regarding the position or application process.


human resources contact: 
christina lacy
(916) 263-3973
christina.lacy@osi.ca.gov



                        please direct requests for reasonable accommodations to the interview scheduler at the time the interview is being scheduled. 
                        you may direct any additional questions regarding reasonable accommodations or equal employment opportunity for this position(s) 
                        to the department's eeo office.
                    
eeo contact:
shauna pompei
(916) 263-0740
shauna.pompei@osi.ca.gov


california relay service: 1-800-735-2929 (tty), 1-800-735-2922 (voice)
tty is a telecommunications device for the deaf, and is reachable only from phones equipped with a tty device.












  

                                    


                                    you can apply for this job via the following method(s):
                                

electronic (through your calcareer account)










are you eligible for this job?










are you eligible for this job?



                                    if you do not currently have eligibility for this job, you may obtain eligibility by taking an examination.
                                









use your calcareer account



                                        manage your applications and update your information with ease through your calcareer account.  
                                        if you do not have a calcareer account, it is easy to create one. 
                                    












additional documentation



duty statement

                                    

                                
                                        class specification(s):
                            

senior information systems analyst (supervisor)




















back to top
conditions of use
privacy policy
accessibility
contact us
release history





.
            


facebook
twitter
youtube








                copyright ©
            
                state of california
            

                note: documents in portable document format (pdf) require adobe acrobat reader 5.0 
                    or higher to view download adobe acrobat reader.
            




 



loading














                error message
            

error



 error
                    


error






                                an error occurred during your request. please try again.
                            
















                            session timeout - inactivity
                        








                                    automatic log out in
                                


00:15




                                        select 'stay logged in' below to resume your activity.
                                    






log out now






















×

 














×



more information - job posting





close










footer







you must enable javascript to use this site.






