





edi analyst / developer - rancho cordova, ca - benefitexpress jobs









 














home
jobs




edi analyst / developer - rancho cordova, ca

toggle navigation








edi analyst / developer 

jobslogin 











 14-nov-2017 to 13-dec-2017 (pst) it rancho cordova, ca, usa full time 



email me similar jobs email me this job



the edi (electronic data interchange) analyst is responsible for developing, coordinating, and implementing files between the benefitexpress system and outside vendors, clients, and brokers as well as internal reporting.  edi analyst are responsible for analyzing various specifications to work in conjunction with reports, interfaces, and mappings provided by data-trading partners. they coordinate and work with internal teams to complete edi testing, implementations, and modifications of edi files. 
an edi developer's primary responsibilities include analyzing data, configuration of file feeds, establishing priorities, and establishing contact with trading partners.  key responsibilities include analyzing the data exchanged with any partners, observing data records to record errors, and correcting any failures. edi developers work with internal teams at all levels of the organization to support accurate, proper data exchanges within the organization. they assist with any testing to observe and interpret messages received.
we are offering flexibility in the job site location for this role.  the edi analyst can be located in our schaumburg, illinois, rancho cordova, ca.  or remotely.  
what you will do:        

obtain edi file specifications, file encryption and transmission information from carrier
research, analyze, and understand data elements in benefitexpress systems, as well as inbound and outbound carrier and payroll systems
develop mapping and translations between data elements for file feeds
develop edi files from benefitexpress systems to carrier and payroll systems.
coordinate and test edi feeds with external vendors
establish and set up file transfer protocols or other various means of connection with outside vendors
manage and prioritize project plans and timelines based on assigned priorities 

what you will need: 

bachelor's degree, two years of programming experience
experience working with sql server, xml, xslt, cold fusion, visual studio, 834 files, sub version, sftp, ssh, biztalk 2006/2010
experience in understanding file layouts and testing output including mapping and translations
experienced in advanced excel skills, especially in the use of formulas and vlookups, and experience with access, xml, javascript and text files a plus
ftp networking
ability to perform independent project work and meet deadlines 

why work here:

competitive compensation aligned to your experience
great benefits including; health, dental, life & vision with generous pto and 401k plan
on-site gym with cardio machines, free weights, showers, putting green, pool table and relaxation room

who we are:
benefitexpress is the leading middle market, cloud-based platform for employee benefits and health exchange services, with a focus on flexibility.
by offering technology that integrates all benefits, in a one-stop-shop, benefitexpress provides simplicity to complex plans and offers a very custom-made experience to engage and educate employees while offering employers an ease of benefit management that is unmatched in market. benefitexpress provides a full range of services including, benefit enrollment, management and administration as well as direct bill services, reimbursement account administration, carrier bill reconciliation, total compensation statements, and a full-service call center.
 
 

benefitexpress
https://benefitexpress.applicantpro.com






apply now
with our quick 3 minute application!



you have javascript disabled on your browser. you will not be able to apply for this position without enabling javascript. if you need assistance with enabling javascript, please click here for assistance.





 

* fields are required




what is your full name?




first name



last name





how can we contact you?


email





phone number



number type

home
cell
work






what is your preferred method of communication?


email
text message






apply for this position
apply for this position
by clicking the button above, i agree to applicantpro's applicant information use policy. 






sign up for job alerts!








share this page







 


 


hiring software maintained by applicantpro - © 2017



refresh




 
 
 
 







go
common questions

















