

	ca jobs




































skip to main content




×



default


high contrast




reset



increase font size
font 





decrease font size
font 













                                    ecos interruption:
                                

                                    online examinations will be down due to maintenance on saturday, december 16, 2017, from 5:00am - 6:00pm. thank you for your patience
                                



                                    calcareers informational message:
                                

                                    as of january 1, 2018, your salary information will no longer be required on your application template (std.678).
                                





×

























                                site search: 
						
						
						




                                site search
                            

 contact us

 faq

 glossary

 tutorials



                                 settings




                                 messages




























menu











search













home



new to state service




                                    state employees
                                







                                    veterans
                                



persons with disabilities



state retirees



log in
                                
















                                        job posting
                                    



































office of systems integration
job announcement posting


jc-83729 - senior information systems analyst (specialist)
final filing date: until filled



equal opportunity employer
the state of california is an equal opportunity employer to all, regardless of age, ancestry, color, disability (mental and physical), exercising the right to family care and medical leave, gender, gender expression, gender identity, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, military or veteran status, national origin, political affiliation, race, religious creed, sex (includes pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding and related medical conditions), and sexual orientation.
it is an objective of the state of california to achieve a drug-free work place. any applicant for state employment will be expected to behave in accordance with this objective because the use of illegal drugs is inconsistent with the law of the state, the rules governing civil service, and the special trust placed in public servants.


position details


job control details

job code #:
jc-83729


position #(s):
791-750-1337-030


classification:

senior information systems analyst (specialist)


                                        $6,057.00 - $7,961.00
                                        a
                                        
                                    










# of positions:
1


work location:
sacramento county


job type:
permanent, full time






department information

the office of systems integration (osi) fosters a learning organization and a culture that embraces collaboration and focuses on professional growth.  we are passionate about the people of california who receive vital health and human services by the successful delivery of our large, complex it systems.  we are a trusted leader and work toward common goals, by sharing knowledge, learning and building consensus to implement solutions.  we support each other and create the synergy that can only come from working with respect, integrity and accountability.  


		
            department website: www.osi.ca.gov
        
	


job description and duties
under the general direction of the, data processing manager iii,  the senior information system analyst  (sr. isa) will perform complex activities and efforts in developing state and federal information technology control agency documents to secure it project approval and funding for the child welfare digital services organization.  the sr. isa will also develop periodic and adhoc reports required by the legislature, state and federal control agencies and other entities.   see attached duty statement for complete list of essential functions. 


special requirements




 


application instructions

completed applications and all required documents must be received by the final filing date in order to be considered.
            final filing date: until filled
who may apply
 individuals who are currently in the classification, eligible for lateral transfer, eligible for reinstatement, eligible for a training and development assignment, have sroa and/or surplus eligibility, or have list eligibility (or are in the process of obtaining list eligibility). sroa and surplus candidates may attach “surplus letters” to their applications. applications will be screened and only the most qualified applicants will be selected for an interview.
how to apply

complete application packages (applications and any applicable or required documents) must be submitted electronically through your calcareer account at www.jobs.ca.gov.
required application documents

                    please submit the following items with your application.  
                    applicants who do not submit the required items timely may not be considered for this job:
                

electronic state employment application through your applicant account at www.jobs.ca.gov.
   all experience and education relating to the minimum qualifications listed on the classification specification should be included to demonstrate how you meet the minimum qualifications for the position.


applicants requiring reasonable accommodations for the hiring interview process must request the necessary accommodations if scheduled for a hiring interview.  the request should be made at the time of contact to schedule the interview.  questions regarding reasonable accommodations may be directed to the eeo contact listed on this job posting. 



desirable qualifications
in addition to evaluating each candidate's relative ability, as demonstrated by quality and breadth of experience, the following factors will provide the basis for competitively evaluating each candidate:
experience in documentation and      substantiation of financial information for project-approval documents      such as special project reports, feasibility study report, budget change      proposals, and federal advance planning documents experience in leading teams to      obtain information and collaborate on project issues experience in working with other      state staff, sponsor staff, executive management, stakeholders and      external stakeholders experience interpreting contract      language, tracking expenditures, and developing complex detailed      budget/expenditure reports familiarity with it purchasing      methods and tools knowledge of project management      best practices and industry standards knowledge of and experience in      msword, excel, visio, and project


contact information

the human resources contact is available to answer questions regarding the position or application process.


department website:
www.osi.ca.gov


human resources contact: 
christina lacy
(916) 263-3973
christina.lacy@osi.ca.gov



                        please direct requests for reasonable accommodations to the interview scheduler at the time the interview is being scheduled. 
                        you may direct any additional questions regarding reasonable accommodations or equal employment opportunity for this position(s) 
                        to the department's eeo office.
                    
eeo contact:
shauna pompei
(916) 263-0740
shauna.pompei@osi.ca.gov


california relay service: 1-800-735-2929 (tty), 1-800-735-2922 (voice)
tty is a telecommunications device for the deaf, and is reachable only from phones equipped with a tty device.






additional information
this
position is designated as required to file a statement of economic interest
(form 700) under the california health and human services agency conflict of
interest code. the position is responsible for the making, participating in the
making, or using his or her official position to influence the making of
governmental decisions that may potentially have a material effect on his or
her personal financial interests. the appointee is required to complete a form
700 within 30 days after his or her appointment. failure to comply with the
conflict of interest code requirements may void the appointment. 








  

                                    


                                    you can apply for this job via the following method(s):
                                

electronic (through your calcareer account)










are you eligible for this job?










are you eligible for this job?



                                    if you do not currently have eligibility for this job, you may obtain eligibility by taking an examination.
                                









use your calcareer account



                                        manage your applications and update your information with ease through your calcareer account.  
                                        if you do not have a calcareer account, it is easy to create one. 
                                    












additional documentation



duty statement

                                    

                                
                                        class specification(s):
                            

senior information systems analyst (specialist)




















back to top
conditions of use
privacy policy
accessibility
contact us
release history





.
            


facebook
twitter
youtube








                copyright ©
            
                state of california
            

                note: documents in portable document format (pdf) require adobe acrobat reader 5.0 
                    or higher to view download adobe acrobat reader.
            




 



loading














                error message
            

error



 error
                    


error






                                an error occurred during your request. please try again.
                            
















                            session timeout - inactivity
                        








                                    automatic log out in
                                


00:15




                                        select 'stay logged in' below to resume your activity.
                                    






log out now






















×

 














×



more information - job posting





close










footer







you must enable javascript to use this site.






