





careers at genconnect recruiting and consulting














menucareers homecurrent openings 


careers at genconnect recruiting and consulting
current job opportunities are posted here as they become available.
subscribe to our rss feeds to receive instant updates as new positions become available.

data analyst

 department:
operations
 location:
atlanta, ga


start your application
are you interested in joining a company that will map out your development within the first year and provide you with a career coach?
if so, genconnect is looking for a talented data analyst to join an established lending agency in the atlanta, ga area. analyst will be responsible for collecting, sorting, and studying business data for interpretation and analysis, and continually monitor performance and quality control plans to identify improvements in a high growth fast paced environment. they will move deftly between the business and technical with skills in database and data warehousing solution architecture, business intelligence, business analysis, and technical presentation, supported by a superior client-facing presence. this candidate must be a hard-working, dependable, energetic team player with a positive attitude and strong communication skills.

acquire data from primary or secondary data sources and maintain databases/data systems.
interpret data, analyze results using statistical techniques and provide ongoing reports.
provide support to risk and marketing executive leaders.
develop and implement data collection system and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and data quality.
excellent technical and relationship skills in working with prospects, customers, partners and sales.
identify, analyze, and interpret trends or patterns in complex data sets.
comfortable with learning new things or taking on new responsibilities as we expand into new verticals, integrate with new technologies or add new features to the product set.
interfacing with account and partner teams to share account insight and solicit inclusion for increasing account penetration, revenues and deal size.

qualifications

bachelor’s degree preferred in mathematics, economics, computer science, information management, statistics, or equivalent experience.
experience in one of the following programming languages: r, sas, sql 
strong experience in excel.
strong analytical skills with the ability to collect, organize, analyze, and disseminate significant amounts of information with attention to detail and accuracy.
ability to multi-task and prioritize assignments.
highly organized
proficiency with microsoft office, outlook, and excel.
effective verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skills.
ability to work effectively under pressure.
self-driven and extremely ambitious.


start your application


© 2017 genconnect recruiting and consulting 

applicant tracking system powered by 

 













