





















time warner, inc. - job details












  time warner careers                    company  about us management operating divisions corporate governance corporate responsibility tw investments global media group strategy    investor relations   newsroom  press releases press contacts media & identity materials    blog   careers  working with us areas of operation search for jobs     facebook link twitter link youtube link instagram link              company   investor relations   newsroom   careers   blog           working with us  why time warner benefits career development diversity going green our stories stay connected    areas of operation  our divisions job spotlight industries interests internships locations    search for jobs   login to access your profile or create a new account.            ?

careers home  pagejob seeker     toolssearch  openingssearch  resultscurrent pagejob  details   

job detailstweetjob 1 of 1   submit to job   send to friend   save to cart          posting job title  analyst, research   time warner  division  turner   business unit_tbs  corpo    industry advertisingcable/broadcast television networksgames – development & publishingonline content/services    area of interest  market/media research   location  united states - georgia - atlanta   requisition #  161025br   position type  full time   posting job description  about turner / our storytbs, inc. is an american media conglomerate and division of time warner along with our sister companies, hbo and warner brothers.  we are better known as the folks who bring you cnn, hln, tnt, tbs, adult swim, cartoon network, turner sports and so much more!   for more information, please visit:  http://www.turner.com/ what part will you play?if you are passionate about tv and digital media, there's no better job than this! we're looking for an energetic and motivated individual interested in researchwhat will you be doing? this position is responsible for analyzing, tracking and reporting the performance of tbs and tnt's portfolio of programming on a variety of platforms as well as tracking adoption and usage of tbs and tnt digital offeringswith guidance, supports research projects and conduct analyses that support digital, programming, scheduling, marketing, strategy, public relations and other internal stakeholders what do we require from you? a genuine interest and knowledge of the media and digital industry landscapeable to handle analysis of large datasets from multiple sources with the ability to craft insights and storylinesstrong research and analytical skillsprior experience with software systems like nielsen, comscore, adobe, google analytics, tableau is a plus proficiency in excel (including understanding of pivot tables and macros), powerpoint, and ms word applicationsbasic knowledge of programming language and skills in tools/software such as r, python, javascript, sql, a plus, but not requiredprefer candidates with at least 1 year of relative experience-internships with media or digital companiesmust be detail-oriented with excellent computer, math and communication skillsmust be able to coordinate multiple projectsdemonstrated experience working in a fast-paced, high-performing team environmentrequired b.a. or b.s. in related field but wait, there’s more!paid time off every year to volunteer2015 best company for working mothersan in-house learning and development team to help shape and grow your careerpart of the time warner family of powerhouse brands like hbo, cnn, cartoon network, adult swim, tnt, and tbssee what it’s like to work at turner! follow us on instagram, twitter and facebook.turner broadcasting system, inc. and its subsidiaries are equal opportunity employers and e-verify users. qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, or protected veteran status.     submit to job   send to friend   save to cart        


         disclamer help international privacy policies       legal and privacy caution concerning forward-looking statements sitemap contact us shop  © time warner 2014. all rights reserved.      



