
data analyst - marketing job - oxblue, inc. - atlanta, ga | indeed.com






















skip to job description, searchclose










find jobscompany reviewsfind salariesfind resumesemployers / post job







upload your resume


sign in







:







what
where





advanced job search


 

 



 



job title, keywords or company


city, state, or zip












data analyst - marketing

oxblue, inc.
     -
atlanta, ga 30318


oxblue is looking to hire a full-time data analyst within marketing. oxblue has a 4.7 out of 5-star rating on glassdoor and has won numerous ajc’s top 100 employers” awards and also won numerous “best & brightest companies to work for” awards. oxblue is really an excellent place to work. great people, great product, great culture. we are also extremely financially healthy and growing. you can read our glassdoor reviews here: https://www.glassdoor.com/reviews/oxblue-corporation-reviews-e237102.htmthe data analyst is responsible for using data analytics to determine the effectiveness of oxblue’s digital marketing efforts, as well as perform a wide variety of metric-driven tasks including project managing hubspot, running queries from crm database, seo monitoring, roi analysis, ctr/open rate reporting, creating workflows, as well as collaborating with the sales and client support departments to establish data-driven solutions that drive revenue.qualificationsbachelor’s degree or in marketing, business, communications, data analytics, computer science, or comparableexperience with the following programs:excel (robust experience required)sql or comparablegoogle adwordshubspot/hubl or similar marketing automation platformsemrush or comparablefamiliarity with html, css, and css stylesheetsknowledge of how to run queries from crm databasecompensation and perkshealth insurance paid 100% for employee and 50% for familydental insurance paid 100% for employee401k with company matcha fun work environment: casual dress, free snacks, complimentary massages, and great partiesinvestment in your professional development with internal promotions, continuing education, and tuition reimbursementpaid sabbatical program: 4 weeks every 5 yearsan award-winning culture recognized for its high level of employee satisfactionlong term disability paid 100% for employeelife/ad&djob type: full-time

30+ days ago   -  save job









» apply now

            please review all application instructions before applying to oxblue, inc..






other jobs you may like


digital data analyst

diverse lynx -
					atlanta, ga
13 days ago


data analyst

niit technologies -
					atlanta, ga
6 days ago

 easily apply



it data analyst

stefanini -
					atlanta, ga
23 days ago

 easily apply



marketing intelligence analyst

markem-imaje -
					kennesaw, ga
8 days ago

 easily apply



data analyst

genconnect recruiting and consulting -
					atlanta, ga
27 days ago

 easily apply






 









                        oxblue, inc.


                our construction camera systems combine cutting-edge technology with extraordinary customer service to transform the ways stakeholders...



let employers find youthousands of employers search for candidates on indeedupload your resume










about - help center


©2017 indeed - cookies, privacy and terms



let employers find you  upload your resume










indeed salary estimatewe know salary is a key component of your decision whether or not to apply for a job. so when the hiring company hasn’t provided a salary for a job, we look at salary data from related companies and locations to come up with a reasonable estimate for what you can expect.with over 450,000,000 salaries collected from other jobs and employees, we use one of the biggest salary databases in the world to inform these estimates. and because we are continually adding feedback from users like you, we are able to keep refining our accuracy.these salary estimates are not endorsed by the hiring companies and may vary from what’s actually offered, but we have a pretty great record of getting close enough for you to make an informed decision.is this your job listing? send us feedback to correct an inaccurate salary estimate.

