






monster solutions
						    analyst - (1922)
					




































 this site attempts to protect users against 
	cross-site request forgeries  attacks. in order to do so, you must have javascript enabled in your web browser otherwise this site will fail to work correctly for you.
	 see details of your web browser for how to enable javascript.


 current jobs at gap solutions : gap solutions, inc.















































home
company

about us
leadership
our experience
contract vehicles

army-hrss
army-sbs
cdc-ophpr
department of state- eca-iip
gsa schedules
nih-ltasc
nih-nida


naics codes


services

our services
emergency management
security and information management
process management
information technology services
scientific research, analysis, and policy development


clients

our clients

department of health and human services
department of defense
department of justice
department of state
department of homeland security
the architect of the capitol
corporation for national and community service (cncs)
department of the interior
national aeronautics and space administration (nasa)
department of transportation – tsa




careers

why gap solutions
employee spotlight
benefits
current jobs at gap solutions
questions?


partners
news
contact
navigate to...homecompany – about us – leadership – our experience – contract vehicles –  – army-hrss –  – army-sbs –  – cdc-ophpr –  – department of state- eca-iip –  – gsa schedules –  – nih-ltasc –  – nih-nida – naics codesservices – our services – emergency management – security and information management – process management – information technology services – scientific research, analysis, and policy developmentclients – our clients –  – department of health and human services –  – department of defense –  – department of justice –  – department of state –  – department of homeland security –  – the architect of the capitol –  – corporation for national and community service (cncs) –  – department of the interior –  – national aeronautics and space administration (nasa) –  – department of transportation – tsacareers – why gap solutions – employee spotlight – benefits – current jobs at gap solutions – questions?partnersnewscontact 








current gap solutions jobs


homecareerscurrent gap solutions jobs 










attention safari users: this site requires cookies to function. please click here to accept the cookie. cookies will be used strictly for the functioning of the site.






 




jump to









toggle navigation









 job search


 view all jobs




 login


 help 

instructions on this page
help on this page
















 


job details



analyst - (1922)
×close this details all the information about the job posting.     












share this job as a link in your status update to linkedin.











														
																	job title:
																
															

								analyst
															



														
																	location:
																
															

								atlanta, ga 30301 usfl uspr ustx 73301 us (primary)tx us




														
																	job type:
																
															

								temporary, full-time
															



														
																	category:
																
															

								emergency management
															



														
																	education:
																
															

								bachelor's degree required
															



														
																	travel:
																
															





														
																	job description:
																
															

 
position objective:
performs analyst functions including data collection, interviewing, data modeling, project testing.
 
duties and responsibilities
creation of project testing, and creation of performance measurements to support project objectives.
records discussion content and related facilitation support services.
perform other analytic tasks as required.
 
basic qualifications:
bachelor degree and 3 years’ experience
 
minimum qualifications:
must be able to pass customer and company background and security process.
must be flexible to travel.
 
 
to perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. the requirements listed above are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
 
*this job description is not designed to cover or contain a comprehensive listing of activities, duties or responsibilities that are required by this position.  
 
gap solutions is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer. all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, or protected veteran status.




 







 
 apply to this job


 















 top of page


						v14.3.5.1 | copyright © 2017 monster - all rights reserved - u.s. patent no. 5,832,497 - nyse: mww 
													powered by monster.
											













careerswhy gap solutions
employee spotlight
benefits
current gap solutions jobs
questions?



















connect 













 

newsgap solutions expands personnel security offerings gap solutions wins national institutes of health blanket purchase agreement gap solutions participates in super service challenge   

contact corporate headquarters
12054 north shore drive
reston, va 20190
phone: 703-707-2090
toll free: 1-800-503-5125
fax: 703-707-0400
email: info@gapsi.com

 












company
services
clients
careers
news
partners
contact
 



                    © 2014 gap solutions 2014 | designed by 3 waves media                 







































