






careers at piedmont healthcare | piedmont healthcare jobs





























faqs

account login
















career areas

nurse residency
nursing
allied health
physicians & advanced practice providers
system support & professional



our culture


rewards


locations



search jobs  























                        business intelligence analyst, piedmont healthcare-atlanta ga.                    

                        job number: 118189                    

piedmont medical care corporation - atlanta, georgia 
shift/schedule: full-time




description
job purpose: 
responsible for developing dashboards and data solutions in conjunction with key piedmont heart institute and piedmont physician group initiatives. assists with the development and promotion of business intelligence functions within the physician company of piedmont healthcare. maintains strict confidentiality with all patient, employee and company information. stays informed on new technologies and identifies opportunities to improve reporting and analytics processes. proactively seeks opportunities to increase usage of tableau among current end-users. reports to the manager of reporting and analytics.
 
key responsibilities: 1. develop and manage effective working relationships with other departments, groups, and personnel with whom work must be coordinated or interfaced. 
2. design, build, and deliver new reports, measures, and kpis using tableau. 
3. partner with clients to support, streamline, and improve ongoing reporting needs with adherence to defined policies and data definitions across systems.
 4. respond to ad hoc requests for information from customers in a timely, efficient, and accurate manner. 
5. manage projects by communicating timelines to customers, working with leaders to prioritize new requests against outstanding projects, and ensuring that results meet customer expectations. 
6. take initiative where appropriate to drive project architecture and processes. 
7. develop an in-depth understanding of underlying data, data structures, and business uses to ensure reports meet client needs. 
8. occasionally travel to various piedmont healthcare entities for work sessions with bi initiative stakeholders.  


requirements
minimum education required: bachelor’s degree from a recognized college or university in business, finance, accounting, information technology, or closely-related field. 
minimum experience required: less than one year of work experience in business intelligence tools and database platforms, preferably in a multi-entity healthcare provider environment, required. possesses advanced computer skills with a very strong knowledge of spreadsheet programs, databases, programming languages, etl, and decision support systems, particularly tableau and sql server. basic knowledge of statistical algorithms and packages. 
additional preferred qualifications: tableau certification. 1-3 years of work experience using business intelligence tools and database platforms, particularly tableau and sql server. experience performing etl processes and managing data in various systems. experience within a healthcare provider environment.  



apply now  










career faqs
careers home




community benefits
history
media room




physician & advanced practice provider careers
piedmont healthcare home




research
volunteers









© 2017 piedmont healthcare















































