




  it technical support analyst, store operations – gpc – 251032






















































































 

menu togglemenu hide



why choose gpc

our culture
our people
diversity & inclusion
transitioning military
benefits


job areas
our brands

napa
altrom
balkamp
eis
gpc
hvpg
motion industries
rayloc
rmds
s.p. richards


students & grads
events
locations
job search
help











  it technical support analyst, store operations – gpc – 251032
ogyy6fwc

  





it technical support analyst, store operations


category: information technology
job id: 251032
brand: napa auto parts
location: atlanta, ga
major market: ga – atlanta
date posted: december 12, 2017


apply

keep me in mind
add to cart

<< back to previous page







job description:
under the direct supervision of the manager, the it store operations team lead is responsible for assisting in overseeing third level technical support services provided to users of napa point of sale applications.
this position has a strong emphasis on advanced incident management and problem management as core deliverables.  in addition to having a high sense of self-motivation, this individual must display superior problem management, root cause analysis, and issue resolution skills.  the ideal candidate for this position must be a team player and demonstrate the ability to encourage and coach others.  the ability to communicate, isolate and prioritize issues, research, resolve (or escalate), follow-up, and provide guidance to others is essential.  issues handled at this level are non-routine and will typically require a greater level of technical knowledge, coordination, and cross-group interaction than at lower support levels. the ability to clearly communicate with other support groups, development, product, it leadership, external providers, and business contacts to resolve customer issues is also essential.
sub-specialties may include pos-related dba activities involving database validation, data corruption, rebuilds, and scripting.  product specialization may also be necessary.
qualifications:

excellent written and verbal communication skills with the ability to effectively tailor communication of technically complex issues to various audiences
demonstrated capability for logical and consistent problem solving with emphasis on resolution of complex technical problems using root cause and other problem analysis techniques
intentional, assertive, diplomatic, and persistent, with a strong desire to see things through to completion
strong customer focus and orientation
strong time management and coordination skills.
strong analytical skills
self-motivated, detail-oriented and organized with the ability to prioritize work load and to perform in a high-pressure environment
team-oriented
must be open to working occasional weekends and after-hours, if required
5 years advanced third level support experience for applications, infrastructure or service desk.
5 years of experience with incident and problem service management.
5+ years of experience in supporting postgresql databases
experience with administration, installation & configuration, development, version upgrades, data migration, backup and recovery, replication, disaster recovery, performance monitoring & tuning, index optimization, shell scripts, database development, writing stored procedures & triggers.
perform a variety of postgresql tasks related to problem resolution and monitoring, administration, availability, performance and security
experience in web applications using java/j2ee
experience maintaining, patching, and upgrading of servers
experience developing, updating and tuning sql queries
exposure to windows 7/10
exposure to itil and itsm tools such as servicenow is preferred
bs in engineering or computer sciences degree or equivalent experience 

responsibilities:
operational

collaborates with first- and second-level information technology support organizations, external vendors and business unit teams to resolve critical or more complex problems in a timely manner.
provides on- call consultation as needed. facilitates training, support and guidance to production support partners and enterprise help desk partners by ensuring development and distribution of documentation within both areas.
help drive technical support projects and participates on cross-functional systems development project teams as needed.
monitors status of open trouble tickets to ensure that service level agreements and timelines are being met and follows up with vendor management as needed. ensures that retail system and application problems and resolutions are logged, monitored and tracked through use of specialized software, such as remedy database application for tracking problems, and a solution builder.
mentors, coaches and helps with training lower support tiers.
resolves a wide range of application and hardware problems in support of new systems and technologies implemented by the development team. acts as a senior technical expert within the group and subject matter expert for the retail business systems department.
collaborates with partners providing advanced technical support, problem analysis and resolution for users of retail computer systems and applications in domestic and international company store locations, in response to issues escalated by the enterprise help desk and other support groups. supervises vendors as needed to expedite repairs to hardware and wiring 

incident management

promptly assess, triage, and respond to issues escalated from other support areas.
proactively manage escalated incidents through resolution and/or de-escalation to lower support levels, and communicate with other it groups as appropriate to assure issue resolution
communicate with customers regarding responses to escalated issues.
act as a customer advocate to address concerns and resolve issues with due urgency and priority.
assure and validate all incidents received or created are properly logged and fully documented.
de-escalate customer issues and concerns, and ensure a positive customer experience.
instruct customers on proper usage of the software.
communicate with lower support levels on issue isolation/resolution steps and techniques to improve first response capabilities.

problem management

proactively manage the lifecycle of problems from first identification through further investigation, documentation, and eventual removal of errors with the goal of minimizing business impact, preventing problems and incidents, and eliminating recurrence of incidents.
participate and/or lead in short term issue-related swat activities.
proactively coordinate among various it group for incident/problem triage, action steps, root cause analysis, and long-term resolution.
formally document and share issue-related and/or preventative knowledge.
coordinate with store support, customers, project smes, product sme, and development as appropriate for long-term issue resolution.

processes and procedures

follows incident, problem, crisis, and knowledge management policies and procedures as documented.
adheres to the established attendance and schedule policies.
enter and follow up with development and other it groups on software defects and other advanced issues relating to open problems.
assist with assimilating new technical areas designated for operational support.
participates in established projects as assigned

we are an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.

251032


share this jobshare on facebookshare on twittershare on linkedinshare by mail

  

  






    recruiting support contact # 1-855-856-7201 
facebooklinkedintwitter





 












scroll to top



