



penton careers - senior data analyst



























 



















        apply
    
view all openings



                senior data analyst
    
    

                            product development & management            
                    atlanta,
                            georgia
                
                        


position summarythe data analyst role supports the equipmentwatch product suite within the asset intelligence group. equipmentwatch produces the leading database information products for the construction equipment industry and is the world leader in heavy construction research. this position is responsible for the data processes supporting modeling and the creation of equipmentwatch products. the data analyst will support cost, value, and rental products, and guide data product expansion in support of the equipmentwatch team’s data plan.  advanced analysis and trending is expected.  knowledge of the heavy equipment industry is a plus but not required.   equipmentwatch may have been the first to define “equipment intelligence” over 50 years ago, but that doesn’t mean we’re behind the times. with a culture built on constant improvement, curiosity and an overall entrepreneurial spirit, we have the industry’s most sophisticated data solutions and market leading products, all supported by best-in-class marketing, product management, analyst and sales teams. come join us and get immediately challenged and rewarded.  this position is based in atlanta.major duties and responsibilities:data analysis / data miningparticipation in business development activitiesstructure, processes and analyze equipment related data.create repeatable and defendable data processes.collaborate with other analyst teams and information technology (it) groups.manage projects through completiontechnical requirements development software testing and user requirement developmentposition requirements/qualifications:minimum 3-5 years of experience. the ideal candidate is comfortable navigating multiple data platforms with intellectual curiosity for all things data related.technical aptitude and the ability to learn database systems and web-based platforms quickly. ability to translate business requirements into technical requirements to enable it technical teams.strong analytical skills to assess, interpret and translate data into a meaningful business story.solid interpersonal and communication skills with the ability to consult, partner, and work effectively with senior business leaders and business partners across cultures and functions.strong project management skills and the ability to manage a timeline.ability to drive delivery, identify risks, and escalate within a cross-functional matrix structure.bachelor’s degree or equivalent required. business, computer science, information systems, or finance majors preferred.software: advanced excel, word, power point, visio. 2+ years using r/python.  sql experience a plus.#cb
        


        apply
    

        apply later    


            ← back to current openings        




share





linkedin




facebook




twitter




email











powered by jobvite




terms of service
privacy policy
sitemap

copyright © 2017 informa plc 








