






monster solutions
						    data analyst - (700)
					




































 this site attempts to protect users against 
	cross-site request forgeries  attacks. in order to do so, you must have javascript enabled in your web browser otherwise this site will fail to work correctly for you.
	 see details of your web browser for how to enable javascript.


 








attention safari users: this site requires cookies to function. please click here to accept the cookie. cookies will be used strictly for the functioning of the site.






 




jump to









toggle navigation









 job search


 view all jobs




 create account


 login


 help 

instructions on this page
help on this page
















 


job details



data analyst - (700)
×close this details all the information about the job posting.     












share this job as a link in your status update to linkedin.











														
																	shift type
																
															





														
																	job title
																
															

								data analyst
															



														
																	education
																
															

								bachelor's degree
															



														
																	location
																
															

								dallas - us (primary)




														
																	career level
																
															

								experienced (non-manager)
															



														
																	category
																
															

								marketing/communications
															



														
																	job type
																
															

								full-time
															



														
																	travel
																
															





														
																	job description
																
															

the data analyst will join our growing business intelligence team and will be responsible for collaborating with our business user teams in circulation, content, production, distribution, and sales.
 
this role will work closely with our senior leaders and our analytic vendors to bring advanced data driven solutions that will guide corporate strategies around the content we produce, subscriber growth strategies, advertising growth, and overall corporate decision making.
 
working knowledge of statistical modeling or similar skills
experience with major testing methodologies (a/b, multivariate) and tagging/measurement strategies associated with performance optimization
uses sql and other data mining tools (alteryx, r, sql, sas), ensures that a reporting infrastructure is in place that measures success across a variety of quantitative indicators, including but not limited to campaign performance, trial conversion, retention, and online conversion funnels
experience using relational databases for extracting and analyzing data
perform ad hoc analysis on digital prospects or current digital subscribers
reviews data for insights, trends, and key observations and prepares reports and presentations in non-technical terms to describe key analytic findings





														
																	# of hires needed
																
															

								2
															



														
																	job requirements
																
															

bachelor's degree in a quantitative discipline (statistics, mathematics, economics)
3-5 years of analytics experience. 
experience with database analysis tools and techniques.
experience in experimental design and testing methodology.
proficient in analytical tools such as r, alterys, sql, sas, spss, excel and other ms office software.
experience working in the azrure environment is a plus.




 







 
 apply to this job


 
or



















 top of page


						v14.3.5.1 | copyright © 2017 monster - all rights reserved - u.s. patent no. 5,832,497 - nyse: mww 
													powered by monster.
											










who we are


 
 
 
 
 
 
 



















