



job application for client software engineer at republic wireless























          apply now
        
client software engineer

        at republic wireless
      
(view all jobs)

        raleigh, nc
      


we are looking for a junior software engineer who will focus on client side development (primarily android) for republic wireless. prior android or ios application development experience is nice to have, but ultimately not required. more importantly we are looking for folks who are very curious about smartphone applications, architecture, operating systems, networking, and a solid java developer. you should not be afraid to learn new concepts and always look for opportunities to make things simpler.
the republic wireless product engineering team designs, develops and operates the core republic wireless applications and services that handle calls, messaging and data. from android on the phone to running a farm of linux servers 24x7, our technology stack solves complex problems. we use a diverse set of languages, including erlang, java, c, c++, javascript and the odd python/ruby script. we are agile in our responsiveness to user and business needs, not for the sake of adhering to agile orthodoxy, but being pragmatic.
we are looking for engineers to join our team and help with our growing responsibilities. we bias towards action, balancing speed and technical debt. we are not afraid to take on big challenges, but we strive for the simplest solution. quality is a constant focus. we operate what we build and hold ourselves accountable for the code we write. we operate like a startup, using small teams, you will make meaningful contributions to the product very quickly.
required qualifications

bachelor's or master's degree in computer science or a related field (recent grads welcome).
experience programming in java, c/c++ or objective-c.
experience using linux and the linux tool chain.

desired qualifications

experience with android and/or ios nice to have.
prior telecom experience nice to have (voip experience would be great).








apply for this job

* required
        











(optional)

almost there! review your information then click 'submit application' to apply.



first name *



last name *



email *



phone



resume/cv *


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 














cover letter


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 

















linkedin profile
    





website
    





how did you hear about this job? *






address *






address 2
    





city *






zip code/postal code *






country *






state/province *






are you willing to relocate? *



--
yes
no


if yes, where would you be willing to relocate to?
    





are you authorized to work lawfully in the united states for republic wireless? *



--
yes
no


will you now or in the future require republic wireless to commence ("sponsor") an immigration case in order to employ you (for example, h-1b or other employment-based immigration case)?  *



--
yes
no


what is your desired salary? *






please list your most recent salary.  *












 



share this job:    













powered by 

 
      read our privacy policy

















