













medeanalytics | careers






















medeanalytics





menu




why medeanalytics?


solutions


resources


company


blog






request a demo


login


support



search



request a demo










for healthcare providers


executive dashboards
patient access
revenue integrity
icd-10
compliance
revenue cycle
population health for providers
performance management




for health plans


provider engagement
population health
medical and medicaid management
employer reporting
enterprise master patient index
hedis quality management
performance management




by business issue


patient engagement & satisfaction
clinical quality & safety
payment reform & value-based purchasing
health plan / provider transparency
cost reduction & process improvement











healthcare provider consulting services








health plan consulting services









implementation services learn more about our unsurpassed professional services.
				









overview
newsroom
leadership
events
careers
partners
contact






careers












data quality intern (multiple openings)


location:
dallas


job code:
331


# of openings:
1



description







 

company description: 
want to work on something that really matters and impacts everyone in the us? medeanalytics sits at the intersection of healthcare, technology, big data, and national policy.  mede is made up of inspired people with vast industry knowledge.  we are all committed to a mission of providing clear, human-powered insights to transform healthcare.  our goal is to lower the overall cost of healthcare using data analytics and workflow applications that reduce inefficiencies, facilitate communication and increase transparency. think money ball for hospitals. over 1000 healthcare organizations use our cloud based, software-as-a-service (saas) products every day and we’re looking for smart people to help us double that number and change the healthcare industry. our company is privately held and has a high-energy work environment that rewards innovation and represents a tremendous personal growth opportunity for the right professional.  we are proud to say that mede is one of modern healthcare’s 100 best places to work in healthcare.
 
role profile:
the data quality interns will work closely with the engineers and business analysts to build and maintain the big data systems for large scale, high performance, and rock-solid reliability by maintaining the highest standard of quality and completeness. this is a hands-on position that will require performing quality assurance practices for the exciting and dynamic medical fields.
 
essential duties and responsibilities:

work with engineering and product teams distributed across multiple locations
work with business analysts, product owners and engineers for analyzing and understanding the requirements
create and execute test cases 
create and analyze defect tracking reports on regular basis 
effectively document and communicate results
other duties as required by business conditions or as assigned

 
required skills

interest in quality assurance/testing
proficient with ms excel
understanding of software development life cycle
strong communication skills (written and verbal)
ability to work effectively in a team
results-oriented, self-motivated and quick-learner
pursuing associates/bachelors/masters degree (it, mis, healthcare degree or equivalent) strongly desired. 

 
desired knowledge/skills

knowledge of agile methodology
knowledge of jira or any other project tracking software
knowledge of healthcare industry preferred 
knowledge of sql preferred

special requirements

based in dallas, tx 

 
working environment:
the work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. 
while performing the duties of this job, the employee regularly works near office equipment (telephone, computer) and other employees. the employee works in normal office conditions where there is no physical discomfort due to temperature, dust, noise, etc. verbal and written communication, telephone usage, filing, sitting, typing, driving, reading and carrying required to perform the essential functions of this job.








 



















are you a returning applicant?












previous applicants:


email:





password:





if you do not remember your password click here.




back to search results


new search

















newsroom
blog
careers
contact
medeanalytics uk






googleplus




twitter




facebook




linkedin




youtube









					© 2015 medeanalytics, inc. all rights reserved
				


terms of use
privacy policy




















