
python developer/data analyst job - ois - dallas, tx | indeed.com






















skip to job description, searchclose









find jobscompany reviewsfind salariesfind resumesemployers / post job







upload your resume


sign in







:







what
where





advanced job search


 

 



 



job title, keywords or company


city, state, or zip












python developer/data analyst

ois
     -
dallas, tx

contract



only w2 candidates, no corp2corpmust haves: python 3 years, r programming 3 years, spark-3 yearsdescription the object-oriented programmer analyst position is responsible for the development, maintenance and support of applications developed for related business unit. incumbent will partner with customer to understand business process challenges, gather requirements, provide documentations and propose new solutions and/or enhancement to existing applications. this position offers the opportunity to participate in the entire software development lifecycle and use programming and object-oriented skills, methodologies, and tools to plan, analyze, design, construct and test solutions. qualifications § must have a degree in computer science/engineering; advanced degree preferred; significant relevant work experience will be considered. § must have 3+ years of work programing experience using r and python § must have 3+ years of experience with big data technologies and related software development § good unix, sql and shell scripting skills § knowledge of the apache spark and spark sql is plus § experience with development using scala is a plus § knowledge of containers and cloud technologies is a plus § experience with github enterprise and jenkins is a plus § must work well in a team environment. § assist in defining and refining of software development procedures. § participate in full software development lifecycle. § excellent oral and written communication skills. § must be able to read, write, fluently speak and understand the english language. § position requires occasional off-hours on-call support. § understands decoupling code, componentizing classes and methods, and writing understands decoupling code, componentizing classes and methods, and writing code for production usage.pythonand 3 yearsshell scriptingand 3 yearssqland 3 yearsunixand 3 yearsjob type: contractjob location:dallas, txrequired experience:python: 3 yearsr programing: 3 years

7 days ago   -  save job









» apply now

            please review all application instructions before applying to ois.






other jobs you may like


research and trading support developer - c++/...

futures group -
					dallas, tx
22 days ago


python developer

veear projects -
					dallas, tx
2 days ago

 easily apply



back-end developer

neoreach -
					orlando, fl
6 days ago

 easily apply



sr. python developer

peopleserve inc. -
					boston, ma
6 days ago

 easily apply



front-end developer/designer

bluewave resource partners -
					orlando, fl
5 days ago

 easily apply






 





let employers find youthousands of employers search for candidates on indeedupload your resume










about - help center


©2017 indeed - cookies, privacy and terms



let employers find you  upload your resume










