


careers & employment | wunderman |analyst
















































please enable cookies to continue
please enable cookies in your browser to experience all the personalized features of this site, including the ability to apply for a job.







welcome page







returning candidate?

log back in!












analyst


job locations

us-tx-dallas





requisition id

2017-3979


# of openings

1


category 

data and analytics









overview






do you want to use analytics to help companies better understand their customers?companies understand all about their sales by store, region, product, department and season. in today’s environment, this is not enough. an understanding of their customers is essential. at wunderman, we help companies understand their customer’s shopping patterns – how often do they shop? what channels do they use? what do they buy together? what are their trip drivers? how valuable is a direct mail contact compared to an email? how do they use the web and interact with social media?  wunderman puts its expertise to work to answer these important questions for or customers. we are seeking a dynamic analyst to oversee, nurture and continue to build some of our fastest growing clients.  this is an exciting opportunity to lead, leverage and deliver powerful solutions across the full spectrum of data, creative, technology, and marketing services in order to help our clients maximize the opportunities provided by our integrated offering.








responsibilities






helping drive the targeting and campaign measurement for consumer digital marketing programs.developing tagging instructions for website development and campaign tracking codes for digital media assetsdeveloping and publishing integrated reporting dashboards, including interfacing with media partners to consolidate measurement reporting across all digital channels.providing test design and implementation.  including a/b and multivariate testingability to develop data driven targeted and segmented contact strategiesproficient in digital analytics, including web analytics with tools like adobe analytics, google analytics and webtrendsexperienced in digital test design and implementation with current digital targeting tools (adobe, webtrends, x+1, etc.)develop integrated reporting dashboards using data visualization tools like spotfire, crystal xcelcius, tableauprovide digital asset tagging instructions for website development and digital adverting contentunderstanding of the analytics discipline: including process, best practices, tools and techniquessolid presentation and client facing skillsexcellent project management and implementation skillsservice/client orientedexcellent verbal and written communication skillsversed in a range of industries, pharmaceutical and/or healthcare experience a plus 








qualifications






ba/bs degree required; mba a plus0 - 2 years of experience in digital marketing analytics and database marketingdigital analytics (adobe, google analytics, webtrends, doubleclick, atlas, etc.), digital tag managementdigital analytics experience with adobe/ominture suite is helpfuldata visualization dash boardssocial media analyticsa/b and multivariate testingsas and/or sql a plus





options

apply for this job onlineapplyshareemail this job to a friendrefer


sorry the share function is not working properly at this moment. please refresh the page and try again later.

share on your newsfeed




stay updated with wunderman!




not ready to apply? connect with us for general consideration.






application faqs









