






deltek talent management -
						    jr. business analyst - (1654)
					




































 this site attempts to protect users against 
	cross-site request forgeries  attacks. in order to do so, you must have javascript enabled in your web browser otherwise this site will fail to work correctly for you.
	 see details of your web browser for how to enable javascript.


 


attention safari users: this site requires cookies to function. please click here to accept the cookie. cookies will be used strictly for the functioning of the site.






 




jump to









toggle navigation









 job search


 view all jobs




 login


 help 

instructions on this page
help on this page
















 


job details



jr. business analyst - (1654)
×close this details all the information about the job posting.     












share this job as a link in your status update to linkedin.











														
																	job title
																
															

								jr. business analyst
															



														
																	location
																
															

								corporate - dallas, tx 75219 us (primary)




														
																	category
																
															

								product management
															



														
																	job type
																
															

								full-time
															



														
																	career level
																
															

								experienced (non-manager)
															



														
																	education
																
															

								bachelor's degree
															



														
																	% travel
																
															

								none
															



														
																	job description
																
															

gainsco auto insurance® markets non-standard private passenger automobile products through retail agencies, in texas, new mexico, arizona, oklahoma, florida, georgia, south carolina, tennessee and virginia. gainsco auto insurance® has fully integrated insurance capabilities, including marketing, underwriting, customer service and claims handling. our operations are bilingual (english/spanish). 
due to company growth, gainsco auto insurance has an opening for a junior business analyst in our dallas, tx office (located in uptown).  we are looking for a driven individual who wants career advancement and the opportunity to make a significant impact on our leading organization. 
by joining gainsco, you will become part of a dynamic and growing organization that has been recognized as one of the top workplaces in dallas and miami. in 2015, the gainsco dallas home office was one of only 150 companies in the dallas/ft. worth area to be recognized by the dallas morning news as a “top workplace 2015.” the miami office was also recognized as one of the top 35 workplaces in its size category.
 
our culture attracts engaged individuals who have a desire to contribute and succeed in a dynamic, exciting and growing team environment. our culture encourages individuals to grow their skills as they build their careers. come join us and become a champion with gainsco.
job purpose:   we are searching for an entry level business analyst who can gather important company data and compile it into reports departmental leadership can use. we need someone who can take charge of a project and deliver results that will make the organization more successful. our ideal candidate has the ability to work on multiple projects simultaneously and translate business data into digestible information that improves corporate processes.
essential job results:
 

% of time


results expected and duties performed


30%


assist in the development of operational forecasts for all departmental units with a high degree of accuracy in support of optimal departmental performance. create and document meaningful interpretation of data through use of tools, industry experience and logic to frame situations and allow meaningful dialogue and decision making


30%


prepare performance data for management and concisely summarize individual and departmental unit performance targets and progress toward goals. actively participate on teams focused on business process management and business process improvement contributing knowledge and analytical capabilities.


20%


report building, modifying, and advancing.


20%


manages current dmv process and other assignments as assigned

 
excellent benefits package: medical, dental, vision insurance, life insurance, short term and long term disability insurance, 401k, paid vacation and holidays.




														
																	job requirements
																
															

education: bachelor’s degree is required.
experience: minimum of 2 years of experience as a business analyst.
skills and abilities: excellent written communication skills, time management skills; organizational skills; good business acumen; must be able to multi-task in a fast-paced environment.  strong analytical skills that include the ability to evaluate both industry and individual company information. ability to synthesize analytical results and determine strategies designed to develop new business opportunities is preferred.
gainsco is an equal employment opportunity employer  




 







 
 apply to this job


 
or



















 top of page


						v14.3.5.1 | copyright © 2017 all rights reserved. 
													| deltek talent management
											




















