

data engineer jobs in durham north carolina | data analyst job recruiters
































principle solutions






current clients
current consultants
 


send your resume







it staffing solutionsit staffing solutionswe provide a full range of information technology staffing services to successful organizations nationwide. our innovative recruiting strategies are tailored to the individual needs of our clients.read morestaff augmentationdirect hire placementrecruiting processtechnical competenciesmsp partnershipsnational capabilitiespayrolling services

it consulting solutionsit consulting solutionsour project solutions team provides strategic guidance, technical expertise and project management services that enable organizations to achieve tangible business benefits from their technology systems.read moreapplication developmentdata center infrastructureproject governancebusiness intelligence

industriesindustrieswe provide experienced it consultants who specialize in the design and implementation of industry-focused technology solutions that improve efficiencies, drive innovation and reduce costs.read moreaerospace & defenseconsumer productsenergy & utilitiesfinancial serviceshealthcaremedia & entertainmentpublic sectorretailtechnologytelecommunicationstransportationtravel & hospitality

careerscareerswe are passionate about helping you find an opportunity that is a great match for your individual needs. take advantage of our personal approach and get connected with the best companies in the marketplace.read moresearch open jobsrecruiting and sales careersbenefitsreferral program

about usabout usprinciple solutions group provides innovative staffing and consulting solutions that help our clients achieve their business objectives. learn more about how we consistently produce results.read morecore valuesdiversityalliancesnewsawards & recognitionmessage from the foundersmeet our teamcommunity impact

contact us 











search open jobs 
















toggle navigation







 new search
 sign up
 login

















principle solutions group

http://www.principlesolutions.com





data engineer





durham, 
                        north carolina


                
                    
                     | contract



2017-11-07
job id: 38481
job category: data analyst






job description 




data engineer 
we have an opening for a data engineer working with a great company in the durham, nc area.
this person will be reviewing data, cleaning up years of customer information, and helping to analyze and project future outcomes.
we are targeting someone with at least 3 -5 years of experience and someone who can handle with lots of data but also communicate with stakeholders.
this person must have strong sql and working with languages such as r, python, or others.
pay: $100, 000 - $135, 000 – depending upon experience
please send your resume to me directly at matthew.reed@principlesolutions.com
requirements

at least 3 – 5 years of data engineering / analyst experience
strong experience with sql and extracting data from excel
working with data languages such as r, python
experience with bi tool such as tableau, business objects, and alteryx
strong communication skills and working stakeholders

keywords: data engineer, senior data engineer, r, python, tableau, alteryx, business objects, data analyst.







meet your recruiter 





matthew reedtechnical recruiter

                                it is my job as an it recruiter to assist professionals in achieving new career opportunities, and provide excellent customer service along the way. we strive to be the best at principle solutions group and i look forward to hearing from you. 
                            







 apply online

















 apply online







not ready to apply?
 apply later


send an email reminder to:
email address










share this job:






related jobs:


    
    
        there are currently no related jobs. please sign up for job alerts.
    
    

 loading...





































best of places to workpacesetter 2013georgia fast 40inc 500best of staffingtop 100fastest growing firms 




linkedin 



© 2015 - principle solutions group, llc. all rights reserved.
privacy policy
site map
 






