


        business intelligence analyst -        integrative emergency services -         job board
    

























 






view our website



view all jobs















thanks for visiting our job board. please review our open positions and apply to the positions that match your qualifications. 



business intelligence analyst


dallas, tx                    

full time                

finance and accounting                    

experienced                


















company overview
integrative emergency services, llc (“ies”) is dedicated to cultivating best practices in emergency care, providing comprehensive acute care services, creating value, and supporting patients, employees, clients, providers, and physicians in pursuit of the highest quality health care. 
job summary
the business intelligence analyst will be responsible for importing, transforming, validating or modeling data with the purpose of understanding or drawing conclusions from the data in order to drive clinical and operational decision-making within integrative emergency services.
responsibilities and duties

interpret data, analyze results using statistical techniques and provide ongoing reports
develop and implement databases, data collection systems, data analytics, and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and quality
acquire data from primary or secondary data sources and maintain databases/data systems
identify, analyze, and interpret trends or patterns in complex data sets
filter and “clean” data by reviewing computer reports, printouts, and performance indicators to locate and correct code problems
work with management to prioritize business and information needs
locate and define new process improvement opportunities 
consolidate data from multiple sources, using industry based tools or manually; able to process data effectively using microsoft excel
support quality team, management, and other team members as requested on all things data related with advanced administrative skills as needed by team(s)
other duties as assigned

qualifications and skills

bachelor of science in mathematics, economics, computer science, information management, or statistics 
proven working experience as a business intelligence analyst or data analyst, preferably with at least 2-3 years in healthcare 
technical expertise regarding data models, database design development, data mining and segmentation techniques
strong knowledge of and experience with reporting packages (business objects etc), databases (sql etc), programming (xml, javascript, or etl frameworks), bi software (tableau, power bi, etc)
knowledge of statistics and experience using statistical packages for analyzing datasets (excel, spss, sas etc)
strong analytical skills with the ability to collect, organize, analyze, and disseminate significant amounts of information with attention to detail and accuracy
adept at queries, report writing, and presenting findings
strong communication, interpersonal, and organizational skills
ability to manage multiple priorities
strong customer service orientation
confidentiality

 
ies, llc is an equal opportunity employer. all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, national origin, disability, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state, or local law. in addition, ies, llc will provide reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities.

read more



apply for position








            apply for this position        
required*



apply with linkedin







apply with indeed









first name*



last name*



email address*



address*
















phone*



resume*

attach resume
                    or
                    paste resume



                        attach resume as .pdf, .doc, or .docx (limit 2mb) or
                        paste resume


 




                            paste your resume here or
                            attach resume file









cover letter



who referred you to this position?



what's your highest level of education completed?
no answerged or equivalenthigh schoolsome collegecollege - associatescollege - bachelor of artscollege - bachelor of fine artscollege - bachelor of sciencecollege - master of artscollege - master of sciencecollege - master of fine artscollege - master of business administrationcollege - doctoratemedical doctorother 

college or university



linkedin profile url:



desired salary*



can you work overtime?*
no answeryesno 

references: please enter names and contact information:



are you legally eligible to work in the united states?*
-- no answer --yesno 

the following questions are entirely optional.

                        to comply with government equal employment opportunity / affirmative action reporting regulations, we are requesting (but not requiring) that you enter this personal data. this information will not be used in connection with any employment decisions, and will be used solely as permitted by state and federal law. your voluntary cooperation would be appreciated. learn more.
                    



gender

decline to answerfemalemale

 


race/ethnicity

decline to answerwhite (not hispanic)african american/black (not hispanic)hispanic/latinoasianpacific islanderamerican indiannative alaskannative hawaiianmulti-racial

 



invitation for job applicants to self-identify as a u.s. veteran


a “disabled veteran” is one of the following:
                                        
a veteran of the u.s. military, ground, naval or air service who is entitled to compensation (or who but for the receipt of military retired pay would be entitled to compensation) under laws administered by the secretary of veterans affairs; or
a person who was discharged or released from active duty because of a service-connected disability.


a “recently separated veteran” means any veteran during the three-year period beginning on the date of such veteran's discharge or release from active duty in the u.s. military, ground, naval, or air service.
an “active duty wartime or campaign badge veteran” means a veteran who served on active duty in the u.s. military, ground, naval or air service during a war, or in a campaign or expedition for which a campaign badge has been authorized under the laws administered by the department of defense.
an “armed forces service medal veteran” means a veteran who, while serving on active duty in the u.s. military, ground, naval or air service, participated in a united states military operation for which an armed forces service medal was awarded pursuant to executive order 12985.




veteran status

 i identify as one or more of the classifications of protected veteran listed above i am not a protected veteran i don’t wish to answer
		



voluntary self-identification of disability

                                voluntary self-identification of disability form cc-305
                                omb control number 1250-0005
                                expires 1/31/2020
                            

why are you being asked to complete this form?

because we do business with the government, we must reach out to, hire, and provide equal opportunity to qualified people with disabilities.i to help us measure how well we are doing, we are asking you to tell us if
                                    you have a disability or if you ever had a disability. completing this form is voluntary, but we hope that you will choose to fill it out. if you are applying for a job, any answer you give will be kept private and will not be used against you in any way.
if you already work for us, your answer will not be used against you in any way. because a person may become disabled at any time, we are required to ask all of our employees to update their information every five years. you may voluntarily self-identify as having a disability on this form without fear of any punishment because you did not identify as having a disability earlier.


how do i know if i have a disability?


you are considered to have a disability if you have a physical or mental impairment or medical condition that substantially limits a major life activity, or if you have a history or record of such an impairment or medical condition.
disabilities include, but are not limited to:

blindness
deafness
cancer
diabetes
epilepsy
autism
cerebral palsy
hiv/aids
schizophrenia
muscular dystrophy
bipolar disorder
major depression
multiple sclerosis (ms)
missing limbs or partially missing limbs
post-traumatic stress disorder (ptsd)
obsessive compulsive disorder
impairments requiring the use of a wheelchair
intellectual disability (previously called mental retardation)



please check one of the boxes below:




                                                yes, i have a disability (or previously had a disability)                                            


                                                no, i don’t have a disability                                            


                                                i don’t wish to answer                                            




you must enter your name and date







your name
today's date





reasonable accommodation notice


federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified individuals with disabilities. please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job or to perform your job. examples of reasonable accommodation include making a change to the application process or work procedures,
                                    providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment.

isection 503 of the rehabilitation act of 1973, as amended. for more information about this form or the equal employment obligations of federal contractors, visit the u.s. department of labor's office of federal contract compliance programs (ofccp) website at www.dol.gov/ofccp. 

public burden statement: according to the paperwork reduction act of 1995 no persons are required to respond to a collection of information unless such collection displays a valid omb control number. this survey should take about 5 minutes to complete.






submit application














×close
forward this position





recipient email address (one)



your name



your email address



enter a message (optional)
the message cannot contain links




human check*




















powered by















