





























data scientist | impetus



















skip to main content







toggle navigation





 







                                    solutions
                                    


data warehouse modernization

streamanalytix & visual spark studio


big data services




                                    resources
                                    


events

webinars

white papers

case studies

solution briefs

reports

videos




                                    company
                                    


about us

partners

industry buzz


careers
contact us








search

















 data scientist










location:
  dallas 



qualification:
  master’s in computer science, statistics, management or related technical fields



experience:
 8-15 years of experience



technology:
   
                                    big data                                    
                                    



role/skills:

the data scientist will be responsible for modelling and analysis of big data for mining of useful patterns used for business and other purposes. he should be able to take data, to be able to understand it, visualize it, process it, extract value from it and communicate it. he will have a customer facing role with possible involvement in presales activities

experience in analyzing massive and complex structured and unstructured data sets.
ability to extract, and clean data, visualize it, communicate it and utilize it.
8+years’ relevant experience with data mining/business intelligence/statistics/data analysis.
practical experience with building analytical/statistical/mathematical algorithms such as predictive modeling, optimization, simulation, segmentation analysis, multiple regression and market mix modeling.
strong ability and experience in crisp and powerful data visualizations methods and tools.
excellent analytical, logical reasoning and problem solving skills.





responsibilities:
 
derive insights out of ambiguity - understand, process and interpret complex data.
analyze complex business data and identify patterns in the data using algorithms from statistics and machine learning.
develop and improve algorithms and methodologies to handle, browse, process and visualize structured and unstructured data.
create powerful data visualizations for business stakeholders.
communicate quantitative analysis in a clear, precise and actionable business-friendly language.
explore and develop relevant business use cases with clear objectives and realization approaches.
researching and implementing new algorithms data analysis.
build knowledge and share via white papers, webinars, case studies and other marketing communications.




personal attributes:
 
degree in computer science, statistics, management or related technical fields. master’s required. phd preferred.
exposure in few of r/sas/matlab/octave/mahout/excel/ with proficiency in one. proficiency in r a big plus.
knowledge of hadoop (and other big data technologies), sql and java/c/c++ is desirable.






                                    share:
                                     















position 



name *



email *



phone 



preferred location 
- none -usasilicon valleycanew yorknew jerseylos gatosbrookfield, wiatlanta


upload resume 


files must be less than 2 mb.allowed file types: pdf doc docx.


linkedin profile id 



message 

























services

big data analytics




products

streamanalytix
data blending



resources

events
webinars
white papers
case studies
solution briefs
reports
videos



company

about us
partners
industry buzz
contact us



careers


openings

why impetus
life at impetus
photo gallery



connect with us 

linkedin
 twitter
facebook









               © 2017 impetus technologies, inc. all rights reserved.
              

legal |  sitemap








 






