



job description - beyondtrust































































skip to content









free trials
get quote
blog
services & support
contact
 










tour
solutions
products
company
partners
resources


request demo





 close menu

solutions
 powerbroker pam platforma comprehensive, integrated privileged access management platform.
enterprise password managementachieve unified visibility and control over privileged credentials and the assets they protect.
least privilege managementenforce least privilege on all endpoints without compromising productivity or security.
server privilege managementensure administrator and root security and compliance on windows, unix and linux servers.
 pam platform: beyondinsight capabilities
asset & account discovery
threat & vulnerability intelligence
reporting & connectors
policy & action response
 additional solutions
vulnerability management
windows auditing
devops security
cloud security
msp
iam

 by industry
federal government
financial services
healthcare
education
energy
media & entertainment
by compliance
cis controls
gdpr
hipaa
ics-cert
iso 27002
nerc cip
nist
pci dss
swift



 close menu

products
 privileged access managementpowerbroker pam

privileged password management

– session management
– ssh key management
– application password management


windows privilege management
mac privilege management
unix & linux privilege management
sudo management
network device privilege management
active directory bridging
see all products


vulnerability managementretina

enterprise vulnerability management
network security scanning
endpoint protection / local assessment
cloud-based vulnerability assessment
web security scanning and protection
see all products


windows auditing & securitypowerbroker auditing & security suite

active directory auditing
active directory recovery
ad and file system entitlement
file system auditing
exchange auditing
sql server auditing
see all products









company
 about usyour ally in preventing breaches from privilege misuse and abuse.
our customers4,000+ customers, including over half of the fortune 100.
careerswho we are, why we love working here, and where there’s a fit for you.

 more company info
news & events
recognition & coverage
leadership
services & support




resources 
2017 gartner market guide for privileged access managementthe 2017 gartner privileged access management (pam) market guide reveals the latest privileged access threats and provides a thorough analysis of 24 vendor solutions.

the 5 deadly sins of privileged access managementare you guilty of the 5 deadly sins of privileged access management? find out, and compare your privilege security practices against your peers, in the 2017 edition of the annual beyondtrust research report.

what is privilege management and where do you start?this paper explains privilege management and where you start from — in a simple, fun, non-vendor point of view. download now.
 resource sections
resources home
blog
webinars, papers & videos
news & events







home/
company/
careers/
job listings/
jr. business intelligence analyst









jr. business intelligence analyst

phoenix office, phoenix, arizona, united states
                








beyondtrust is a cyber security company dedicated to proactively eliminating data breaches from insider privilege abuse and external hacking attacks. over 4,000 customers worldwide trust our risk intelligence platform of unified privileged account managementand vulnerability management solutions to shrink attack surfaces, identify threats, and maintain compliance.  what will you do? beyondtrust is seeking a jr bi analyst in our phoenix office. in this role, you will:

assist in maintaining business intelligence tools
build power bi models/reports/dashboards to business requirements
research issues/anomalies with data, systems and processes
act as data steward, implement and enforce data quality audits
develop creative solutions to complex data challenges
support various departments with ad-hoc requests for reports & data

 
what is required:

understanding of data warehousing, data modeling and etl concepts
understanding of data visualization concepts
1 year experience in a reporting analyst function, creating analyses, metrics and reports that
drove operational actions and highlighted wins/opportunities
bachelor's degree in business, data science, or other quantitative/analytical field
strong attention to detail
strong critical thinking, problem solving, organization and analytical skills
a genuine curiosity to learn how things work -- a desire to understand how data is entered/recorded in order to extract information that can guide business decisions
advanced task, time and prioritization management skills
ability to work under minimal supervision, take initiative, and self-direct data exploration/analysis
ability to assimilate into a dynamic team and learn business processes quickly as needed
ability to anticipate business needs and proactively influence processes to improve data collection/quality
team player--willing to help in different capacities as circumstances dictate, for the best interest of the company
mindful when working with different personalities, levels of leadership, and customersmindful when working with different personalities, levels of leadership, and customers
advanced knowledge of excel required (power query & power pivot a plus)
experience with power bi and azure products a plus
experience with analytical and statistical tools such as r, python a plus
salesforce or other crm experience a plus

 
who are you?  

you are flexible! you define “good attitude.”
you enjoy working with a team and alone as the situation dictates.
you have a great sense of humor.
you are passionate, optimistic, and energetic.
you have an insatiable thirst for knowledge and improvement and the desire to grow in your role and in the company.
you are up to speed in the latest cyber security and software trends… you work relentlessly to be innovative and stay relevant for the benefits of our customers, partners, employees, and the company.
you evoke inspiration in those around you and encourage them to create their best work.
you work for the best interest of the group at all times.
you have unwavering personal integrity and work ethic.
you are proactive.
you graciously give and receive feedback.
you are motivated, no excuses, and a tenacious self-starter. 

why join the beyondtrust phoenix team?

beyondtrust was founded upon a strong hacker culture that believed freedom and creativity were the best approach to build truly industry-changing products. to this day, that same spirit drives the focus and innovation of our company.
unlimited free coffee, soda, la croixs, and snacks!
casual dress and laid back environment
catered events and spontaneous ping pong, long putt, and shuffleboard tourneys.
adhoc sports trivia with our ceo in the hallways.
this is not your typical corporate office with red swingline staplers and burnt coffee in the break room coffee pot. here, you’ll meet people who are passionate about our culture, their careers… and even mondays!




 







need visibility & control?
request demo







                used and trusted by the world's most secure organizations            





 

 

 

 

 






                    see more                







solutions


by need
privileged access management platform
enterprise password management
least privilege management
server privilege management
privileged threat analytics
vulnerability management
windows auditing & security
active directory security
devops security
cloud security
identity and access management
 

by industry
federal government
financial services
healthcare
education
managed service provider
media & entertainment
energy



by compliance
cis controls
gdpr
hipaa & hitech
nerc
iso 27002
ics-cert
pci dss
nist sp800-53, sp800-171 & framework
swift
compliance reporting
 

by role
strategic
operational
technical







products


privileged access management
all powerbroker pam products
powerbroker vs. thycotic, cyberark & quest software
 

vulnerability management
all retina vm products
retina vs. qualys, tenable, rapid7 and tripwire
 

ad & windows auditing & security
powerbroker auditor suite
powerbroker auditing & security suite
 

take the next step
request demo
become a partner
get training
get support
 



password safe spotlight
password management software
session management
ssh key management
application password management
advanced workflow control
rules and asset groupings
 

retina cs spotlight
vulnerability management software
configuration compliance module
patch management module
regulatory reporting module
 

free products
free privilege discovery and reporting tool
open-source ad bridging
free iot vulnerability scanner
retina cs for mobile
retina network community
 




                want to know more about our products?                take the tour











twitter





facebook





linkedin





youtube





vimeo






tour
company
partners
resources
support
contact
 






sitemap
preference center
privacy policy
 


                copyright © 1999 — 2017 beyondtrust, inc.                all rights reserved.            











