


















aetna inc. - job details












                  individuals & families employers & organizations health care professionals producers about us news & analysis                     ?

homesearch  openingssearch  resultscurrent pagejob  details   

job details job 1 of 1   apply to job   save to cart   view similar jobs      posting job title  informatics analyst   job group  health care   eeo statement  aetna is an equal opportunity, affirmative action employer   req#  47482br   primary location  pa-blue bell    locations az-phoenixct-hartfordpa-blue bellsc-north charleston    percent of travel required  0 - 10%   potential telework position  yes   full or part time  full time   supervisory  no   job description  position summary:we are looking for someone to become part of the aetna behavioral health network reporting and analytics team. the position will provide programming and reporting support for multiple high-priority projects within the bh network area.fundamental components:primary responsibilities include but are not limited to: -collection of data from multiple sources, including aetnas data warehouse. -analysis of data to measure provider compliance with contract metrics. -analysis of medical cost and other results related to these initiatives -collaboration with other members of the bh network reporting and analytics team in support of other projects. -ability to operate independently as well as part of a teambackground/experience desired:-extensive development/maintenance experience with microsoft access databases required. -advanced experience with microsoft excel required -some sql experience required -basic knowledge of vba preferred. -some experience with crystal reports preferred.education:the highest level of education desired for candidates in this position is a bachelor's degree or equivalent experience.technology experiences: reporting tools/crystal reports / crystal enterprise/1-3 years/power user database/microsoft access/1-3 years/administrator development languages/sql/1-3 years/power useradditional job information:flexible telework internals must be by an office location. aetna is about more than just doing a job. this is our opportunity to re-shape healthcare for america and across the globe. we are developing solutions to improve the quality and affordability of healthcare. what we do will benefit generations to come.we care about each other, our customers and our communities. we are inspired to make a difference, and we are committed to integrity and excellence.together we will empower people to live healthier lives.aetna is an equal opportunity & affirmative action employer. all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment regardless of personal characteristics or status. we take affirmative action to recruit, select and develop women, people of color, veterans and individuals with disabilities.we are a company built on excellence. we have a culture that values growth, achievement and diversity and a workplace where your voice can be heard.benefit eligibility may vary by position. click here to review the benefits associated with this position. aetna takes our candidate's data privacy seriously. at no time will any aetna recruiter or employee request any financial or personal information (social security number, credit card information for direct deposit, etc.) from you via e-mail. any requests for information will be discussed prior and will be conducted through a secure website provided by the recruiter. should you be asked for such information, please notify us immediately.   employment type  regular   career band description  professional    apply to job   save to cart   view similar jobs    


  












glossary


health care reform


careers






accessibility services


terms of use


 investor info 






faqs


program provisions


 interest-based ads policy 






legal notices


 plan disclosures 


 nondiscrimination notice






site map


privacy center


state directory





copyright © 2001-2017 aetna inc.










language assistance language services can be provided by calling the number on your member id card. for additional language assistance: español | 中文 | tiếng việt | 한국어 | tagalog | pусский | العربية | kreyòl | français | polski | português | italiano | deutsch | 日本語 | فارسی | other languages…



   



