

















marketing analyst job in az, scottsdale for pfcb | 


 













share this on:










marketing analyst

az, scottsdale




search other jobs
apply now





new search
previous search








search again


job attributes

requisition number
17-2049
job type
home office
location
az, scottsdale

apply now

share this on













marketing analyst
                          az, scottsdale                      



job description

are you a strategic thinker that enjoys resolving complex issues? the p.f. chang’s restaurant support office is seeking a marketing analyst to make a significant contribution to the analysis function across all of our marketing programs including: menu assortment
 and optimization (both culinary and beverage), pricing, promotions, gift cards and all other marketing-led strategic development projects (sdp).
 
the marketing analyst also contributes to the development, optimization, and execution of p.f. chang’s holistic pricing strategy, restaurant-specific tiered pricing, price change process, and reporting against brand targets.
 
the team:
the brand marketing team is an award winning team that plays an instrumental role in increasing overall brand awareness and driving new guest acquisition.
 
the work:
deliver ongoing analytics to provide marketing with insights for better decision making
publish marketing dashboards, reports and visualization to track key performance indicators and calculate profitability/return on investment
make recommendations to executive leadership team utilizing multiple data inputs (financial data, consumer data, and operational feedback) on quarterly menu changes
provide updates on key marketing initiatives and performance in period sales reports; promotions, new items, testes, by business channel
support reporting on holistic gift card business results to inform decision making and business development goals
coordinates all price change activities for individual menu items and restaurants that considers profitability and food/labor costs, strategic role of product, and competitive/trade area dynamics
maintains database of competitive menu offerings (items, pricing, and promotions) that tracks how key competitors are modifying over time
manages promotional reporting and planning including research and idea generation for offers
provides input on daily sales plan and long range business planning support team with consumer insights analysis and digital marketing reporting as needed
works cross-functionally in the testing, implementation, and integration of all marketing tactics with fp&a, business intelligence, operations, and it
extracts relevant insights from all available syndicated and/or trade data sources (smg, apt, mintel, etc.) informing overall industry trends, as well as consumer need states and menu/food trends
support broader marketing team on additional needs such as data mining, trend research, vendor management, etc.
assists with menu proofing and requirements documents for menu roll-outs  
the enviornment:
fun, casual, fast-paced, and driven to succeed! work is performed primarily in an office setting and occasionally in a restaurant environment

job requirements

the skills:
required:
ba/bs in applicable field (business, finance, math, statistics, etc.) 2+ years experience in pricing/marketing analysis and optimization strong proficiency in microsoft excel and powerpoint desire to grow in the marketing analytics field preferred:
experience in access and sql experience with microstrategy and apt 


apply now










pfcb is an equal opportunity and e-verify employer.
					copyright © 2003-2017. pfccb administration, inc.  all rights reserved  |  privacy policy  |  terms of use














