



	careers









































login
free trial
866-873-2006

english (uk)
english (anz)
deutsch (deutschland)
français (france)
français (canada)
nederlands (nederland)
polski (polska)





free trial

866-873-2006



















​come work at swiftpage!
take a look at what being a swiftie is all about! each and every day we're living the exclamation. what does that mean? it means that work is fun with a purpose and we foster creativity. we believe it's ok to ask for help and to continuously build on our family and team spirit. being a part of swiftpage means more than getting a paycheck but actually waking up happy to go to work each and every day. 









































position: 
                            
                            
                                
                                    data scientist - saas
                            
                        



location: 
                                
                                    scottsdale, az
                                
                        



job id: 
                            
                            
                                
                                    162
                            
                        



# of openings: 
                            
                            
                                
                                1
                            
                        








title: business analytics & reporting manager
location: scottsdale, az

job summary:
 
this position will champion our initiative to become a data driven organization in 2018 and beyond, with a heavy focus on both driving business growth and optimizing sales and marketing operations. the successful candidate proactively leverages well-developed analytical skills, data and a deep understanding of commercial operations to make recommendations that enhance data quality, reporting capabilities and business performance. in addition to the creation and maintenance of a variety of performance reporting, this position will design and execute initiatives focused on optimizing systems and processes to ensure maximum efficiency.

essential functions:
 
design and execute global data initiative focused on delivering consistent, accurate and actionable data to drive revenue attainment and optimize business performance
identify, document and support implementation of system enhancements for crm, billing and others to improve data accuracy and sales and marketing effectiveness on an ongoing basis
build, deliver and maintain daily and monthly performance reports for consumption by sales, marketing and executive leadership; provide commentary on metrics and trends, suggesting concrete actions to drive attainment of kpis
partner with sales and marketing leaders to identify opportunities to introduce new or improve existing processes related to marketing, sales and retention with an eye towards increasing productivity
be a key contributor to the development of “data led” sales and marketing initiatives including coverage model planning and quota setting strategies.
support efficient day to day sales operations through effective management of the sales operations specialist and the systems and data analyst
be a constant source of knowledge on global kpis, saas metrics,  sales processes, business trends, risks and opportunities
execute special projects as needed
 
education/experience requirements:
 
bachelor’s degree in data science or business related field; mba preferred
4+ years of experience in an analytics/reporting or sales operations role
experience managing direct reports in a fast paced environment
skilled in building internal relationships at all levels of the organization
critical thinker with highly developed sense of ownership
strong analytical and research skills; experienced working on problems of diverse scope with a high number of variables
advanced excel experience, knowledge of additional analytical tools desired
experience with relational databases, sql and subscription billing systems; high business system acumen
strong written and oral communication skills
demonstrated ability to work independently with minimal supervision and be a self-starter
optimistic with a positive can do attitude
 





                                apply for this position
                            








                    apply with indeed
                















            
            
            
                go back to the job list
            
        












applicant privacy policy












culture
at swiftpage we like to ride scooters, play foosball and enjoy an ice cold beer on a friday afternoon. we're a work hard, play hard company, and though we have offices all over the world, we are one team ... one journey. our saying, "living the exclamation!" means we're going above and beyond each and every day to exemplify our company values.


community
we love being involved in the community! everything from kids in technology, local tech groups, startup and small businesses to our local community members. we sponsor food drives, school drives, coat drives and more. we offer 2 extra pto days each year to take the day off for volunteer work!
activities
do you like sports? so do we! often we're getting together groups that want to participate in the sports programs around the area. we enjoy each others company inside and outside of work!































©2017 swiftpage act! llc. all rights reserved. swiftpage, act!, and the swiftpage product and service names mentioned herein are registered trademarks or trademarks of swiftpage act! llc, or its affiliated entities. all other trademarks are property of their respective owners.









