













 bank of america job - operations research analyst ii , phoenix, az; charlotte, nc;  - united states













skip to main content
menu





navigation

home 
our company

our business


working here

culture, inclusion, people
military & veterans
benefits & advantages
career development & learning
recruitment tips


locations
career areas

search jobs
events
applicants with disabilities

united states
change location

argentina
australia
bahamas
bahrain
belgium
brazil
canada
cayman islands
chile
china
colombia
costa rica 
france
germany
greece
hong kong
india
indonesia
ireland
isle of man
israel
italy
japan
jersey
lebanon
luxembourg
malaysia
mexico
monaco
netherlands
norway
panama
peru
philippines 
poland
portugal
russia
saudi arabia
singapore
south africa
south korea
spain
sweden
switzerland
taiwan 
thailand
turkey
united arab emirates
united kingdom
united states
uruguay
venezuela







search jobs





operations research analyst ii
phoenix, az; charlotte, nc;  - united states
job number: 17073772
back to job search results


apply now for this job >



job description

job description:participates in design, development and implementation of complex data management, storage applications, often using new technologies. serves as a fully seasoned, proficient technical resource. participates as an individual contributor on projects, completing activities as a part of a team related to special initiatives or operations. routine accountability is for technical knowledge and capabilities as a team member or as an individual contributor. works under minimal supervision, with general guidance from more seasoned consultants or managers.business continuity planning / liaisondaily, weekly, monthly metrics reportingvolume forecastingdeploying gwa/ centerpoint and consumer and gbam reporting leveraging new systemcontrol reportsdevelopment of tableau dashboardsskills needed:capacity management and forecastingseasonality modeling, operating efficienciesincident managementexperience writing sql for data extraction, mining, and manipulationstrong attention to detail; exercise strong quality control over own workexperience manipulating / analyzing / working with large amounts of dataability to balance multiple needs, requests and goalsknowledge of microsoft office products, with a high proficiency in excel.strong quantitative and analytical abilities (turn data into actionable information).know how to use data/reports to drive tactical improvement and/or to communicate the business storyoffers creative solutions to business requirementsseasoned interpersonal skillsmust have the ability to communicate across multiple levels; clearly and conciselyexcellent verbal, written and organizational skillsunderstands the audience and communicates at the appropriate levelability to work effectively with others in a collaborative environmentability to work on a virtual team with minimal supervisionability to learn and adapt quickly in a fast paced environmententerprise owned job description:analyzes actual and predictable interacting operational activities of a business system to obtain quantitative, rational basis for decision making through the application of logic and scientific or economic disciplines and techniques. devises modeling and measuring techniques; utilizes mathematics, statistical methods, engineering methods, operations research techniques (linear programming, game theory, probability theory, symbolic language, etc.) and other principles and laws of scientific and economic disciplines. applies extensive technical expertise, and has full knowledge of other related disciplines. works on usually complex technical problems and provides solutions which are highly innovative and ingenious. work is performed without appreciable discretion. exercises considerable latitude in determining technical objective of assignment. completed work is reviewed from a relatively long-term perspective, for desired results. guides the successful completion of major programs and may function in a project leadership role. erroneous decisions or recommendation would typically result in failure to achieve major organizational objectives. represents the organization as the prime technical contact on contracts and projects. interacts with senior external personnel on significant technical matters often requiring coordination between organizations. associates typically have advanced degree in operations research/industrial engineering/applied mathematics with a minimum of 2 years related experience. experience with modeling languages like opl-studio, ampl or gams. experience with discrete event simulation software such as arena/siman, extend, promodel or igrafx. experience in c/c++, visual basic applications (vba).


posting date: 11/29/2017 
location: phoenix, az, collier center, 201 e washington st, charlotte, nc, one bank of america center, 150 n college st,  - united states 

travel: yes, 15% of the time 


full / part-time: full time 
hours per week: 40 
shift: 1st shift  




already have a candidate profile? log in to access and update your current profile to access and update your current profile.  
assistance for applicants with disabilities
bank of america is committed to ensuring that our online application process provides an equal employment opportunity to all job seekers, including individuals with disabilities. if you believe you need a reasonable accommodation in order to search for a job opening or to submit an application, please visit the applicants with disabilities page. 
diversity & inclusion
at bank of america, our commitment to diversity and inclusion is helping us to create not only a great place to work, but also an environment where our employees, our customers and our communities around the world can reach their goals and connect with each other. all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. 
frequently asked questions 
need to know how to apply online, view a list of your submitted job applications or reset your password? visit our faq section for answers to these questions and more.

bank of america employees
bank of america employees should access the internal jobs database.






return to top


faq | 
events | 
campus | 
about us | 
returning job seekers | 
pay transparency | 
privacy policy | 
eeo statement | 
site map 


© bank of america, n.a. member fdic. equal housing lender. © 2014 bank of america corporation. all rights reserved.

follow us:

go to twitter page

twitter page :  bofa_careers
twitter page :  ml_careers


go to facebook page
go to linkedin page

linkedin page :  bank of america
linkedin page :  merrill lynch 






life's better when we're connected 








thanks for your interest in this job
we're updating our website and regret that we cannot accept your job application right now. please try again after 1 a.m. gmt monday, 12 december. 
thank you for your patience!
life’s better when we’re connected ®











