 




talent analytics analyst
















































 



enter job title or location

   search menu open clear text     search jobs  








recent searches










deloitte home
about deloitte
 job cart  



 location: 
united states 


 



  global (english) english  



available in 145 locations and 34 languages



 
 


students
experienced
 careers 




 
















this site uses cookies to provide you with a more responsive and personalized service. by using this site you agree to our use of cookies. please read our cookie notice for more information on the cookies we use and how to delete or block them. 


accept and close












the job has been added to the job cart.




talent analytics analyst
deloitte us | deloitte services lp


                                            same job available in 16  locations
                                            collapsed



phoenix, arizona, united states
los angeles, california, united states
san francisco, california, united states
denver, colorado, united states
stamford, connecticut, united states
atlanta, georgia, united states
chicago, illinois, united states
boston, massachusetts, united states
new york, new york, united states
philadelphia, pennsylvania, united states
austin, texas, united states
dallas, texas, united states
houston, texas, united states
seattle, washington, united states
mclean, virginia, united states
arlington, virginia, united states






share via facebook





share via twitter





share via linkedin




 share via email




share via googleplus




add to job cart button

apply now button







 back to search results

 previous job
next job 




position summary
talent analytics center of excellence (coe) analyst works closely with the talent analytics team members to complete projects that enhance the firm’s performance, productivity, and profitability through its people by collecting and analyzing talent data, providing actionable recommendations, and advising stakeholders using insights from research/analytics. works as a part of a team to evaluate and advise on new talent initiatives, use analytical skills to research and resolve complex problems across a wide variety of talent topics including acquisition & mobility, leader/manager development, engagement, inclusiveness, individual/team performance, development, and exit through relevant data. work you’ll douses advanced statistics (e.g., longitudinal data analysis, exploratory/confirmatory factor analyses, methods to account for covariance, regressions) and tools to ensure analytics are meaningful, rigorous and provide actionable and comprehensive insights.partners with clients to help them answer strategic questions, make insightful data driven business decisions and properly design new initiatives.communicates findings effectively using compelling, logically structured presentations (including story-telling of research/analytics findings) develops and maintains accurate and up-to-date project plans and status reports for incoming and active projects. assists in reviewing and summarizing academic social science research across priority people topics (e.g., engagement, performance, recruitment). the teamthe talent analytics coe is responsible for:development and execution of the talent analytics and data strategy and roadmapdevelopment of strong partnerships within the business and talent (center of excellence, core talent services, business advisors), to provide leadership, best practices and insight for how analytics can drive more meaningful decisionsgovernance, execution, and coordination of data-driven strategic projects and analyses for talenthow you’ll growat deloitte, our professional development plan focuses on helping people at every level of their career to identify and use their strengths to do their best work every day. from entry-level employees to senior leaders, we believe there’s always room to learn. we offer opportunities to help sharpen skills in addition to hands-on experience in the global, fast-changing business world.  from on-the-job learning experiences to formal development programs, our professionals have a variety of opportunities to continue to grow throughout their career. benefitsat deloitte, we know that great people make a great organization. we value our people and offer employees a broad range of benefits. learn more about what working at deloitte can mean for you. deloitte’s cultureour positive and supportive culture encourages our people to do their best work every day. we celebrate individuals by recognizing their uniqueness and offering them the flexibility to make daily choices that can help them to be healthy, centered, confident, and aware. we offer well-being programs and are continuously looking for new ways to maintain a culture where our people excel and lead healthy, happy lives.  learn more about life at deloitte. corporate citizenshipdeloitte is led by a purpose: to make an impact that matters. this purpose defines who we are and extends to relationships with our clients, our people and our communities.  we believe that business has the power to inspire and transform. we focus on education, giving, skill-based volunteerism, and leadership to help drive positive social impact in our communities.  learn more about deloitte’s impact on the world. recruiter tipswe want job seekers exploring opportunities at deloitte to feel prepared and confident. to help you with your interview, we suggest that you do your research: know some background about the organization and the business area you’re applying to. check out recruiting tips from deloitte professionals.qualificationsrequired:master or mba degree required with concentration in applied statistics, math, or social sciences such as industrial/organizational psychology, organizational behavior, behavioral economics, social psychology, personality.  minimum of 1-2 years of analytical experience in an applied setting. preferred:have knowledge about the professional services industry; deloitte experience preferreddemonstrated capabilities in:managing multiple task assignmentsdata analytics and statistics  (e.g., reliabilities, anovas, regressions, exploratory factor analyses)proficient skills in microsoft office, advanced statistics tools (e.g., spss, r). data query languages (e.g., sql) a plusstrong storyboarding, deck building and presentation skillscommunication (excellent written/verbal communication, listening, and facilitation skills.)consulting skills (client service orientation, analysis/synthesis of information, negotiation, etc.)project management skills (ability to get things done, overcome obstacles, and establish, manage, and communicate milestones)experience managing large data sets, including knowledge of data cleaning, recoding, weighting, linking, and aggregating for analysis  requisition code: e18natsspecw634-hrl4




email this job to:






name





email address














 back to search results

 previous job
next job 























get connected

home
about us
deloitte university press
press releases
social media
alumni
email subscriptions
submit rfp
us office locations
global office directory
newsroom
contact us



services

advisory
audit
consulting
mergers and acquisitions



industries

consumer & industrial products
energy & resources
financial services
life sciences & health care
manufacturing
public sector
real estate
technology, media & telecommunications



careers

job search
labor condition applications
assistance for disabled applicants
eeo/affirmative action documents
ban the box notices
students
experienced hires
executives
life at deloitte



legal

about deloitte
terms of use
privacy
cookies
safe harbor




© 2017. see terms of use for more information.
deloitte refers to one or more of deloitte touche tohmatsu limited, a uk private company limited by guarantee (“dttl”), its network of member firms, and their related entities. dttl and each of its member firms are legally separate and independent entities. dttl (also referred to as “deloitte global”) does not provide services to clients. in the united states, deloitte refers to deloitte llp, the us member firm of dttl, and its subsidiaries where certain services may not be available to attest clients under the rules and regulations of public accounting. please see www.deloitte.com/about to learn more about our global network of member firms.



follow us on facebook
follow us on twitter
follow us on linkedin
follow us on youtube
follow us on google
follow us on glassdoor
follow us on instagram




backtotop
















