



















data analyst - transplant center - part-time job




















search






request an appointmentfind a doctorfind a jobgive now




log in to patient account
translated contentespanolportuguesearabicmandarin

twitterfacebookgoogleyoutubepinterest



 patient care & health infohealthy lifestylesymptoms a-zdiseases & conditions a-ztests & procedures a-zdrugs & supplements a-zappointmentspatient & visitor guidepatient online servicesquality carefind out why mayo clinic is the right place for your health care. make an appointment. departments & centersdoctors & medical staffmedical departments & centersresearch centers & programsabout mayo cliniccontact usmeet the stafffind a directory of doctors and departments at all mayo clinic campuses. visit now. researchexplore research labsfind clinical trialsresearch facultypostdoctoral fellowshipsdiscovery's edge magazinesearch publicationstraining grant positionsresearch and clinical trialssee how mayo clinic research and clinical trials advance the science of medicine and improve patient care. explore now. educationmayo graduate schoolmayo medical schoolmayo school of continuous professional developmentmayo school of graduate medical educationmayo school of health sciencesalumni centervisit our schoolseducators at mayo clinic train tomorrow’s leaders to deliver compassionate, high-value, safe patient care. choose a degree. for medical professionalsonline services for referring physiciansgrand roundspublicationscontinuing medical educationmayo medical laboratoriespatient education materialsprofessional servicesexplore mayo clinic’s many resources and see jobs available for medical professionals. get updates. products & servicesbooks and more ...mayo clinic health lettergift shopmedical productspopulation health and wellness programshealth plan administrationmedical laboratory servicescontinuing education for medical professionalspatient education materials giving to mayo clinicgive nowfrequently asked questionsyour impactfinancialsgive to mayo clinicyou are an essential partner in our work to find answers for our patients. donate now.







sub navigation


jobs
why mayo clinic
career profiles
training programs & fellowships
internships
physicians & scientists
postdoc research
students & new grads
locations
job application help











search by keyword






share this job






















email similar jobs to me
please enable javascript to subscribe.









join with linkedin







join now





email  





please wait...














data analyst - transplant center - part-time job

apply now »

apply now 




start apply with linkedin







apply now





email  





please wait...








location: 
phoenix , az, us


company: 
mayo clinic


department: transplant centera life-changing careerposition summary: this is a part-time position, .5 fte.  it is benefit eligible.responsibilities: this position utilizes database management skills to foster the development and use of a complex, highly specialized patient level database in support of practice analysis, data integrity and reporting. the incumbent is responsible for educating and orientating new users of the system. the incumbent will also consult with experienced users regarding the development and enhancement of the database and/or the appropriate use and interpretation of the data. the incumbent will also be skilled in database queries and assimilation of data into graphical forms for interpretation and presentation. other responsibilities include but are not limited to: assuming direct responsibility for defined work duties; testing, auditing and troubleshooting new software releases and ad hoc enhancements, provide direction to database assigned clerical staff in collaboration with their supervisor, data abstraction from medical records, conduct time studies of data entry within the department when directed, completing insurance contract requests for information (rfis) and supply data to clinical and operational projects as assigned by the quality compliance coordinator, operations administrator or operations manager. utilize report writing software to create reports for purposes of reporting to various transplant registries including but not limited to the united network for organ sharing (unos). serves as a liaison to it staff in the implementation of software upgrades, new software and testing of data after installations are completed. serves as the site administrator for data-related issues with unos.qualifications: bachelor’s degree in information systems, business, healthcare or other related field and minimum of 2 years progressive experience working in a healthcare database environment required, or high school diploma and 6 years of progressive experience working in a healthcare database environment required.additional qualifications: demonstrated proficiency in computer skills required, including but not limited to: microsoft excel, work, access, visio and powerpoint. excellent interpersonal, communication and organizational skills required. must be self-directed and flexible. familiarity with medical terminology is highly desired. experience with word-processing, database tools, spreadsheets, graphs and presentation software is required. familiarity with the transplant regulatory environment through unos, cms, and joint commission is also highly desired. must be a team player, willing to assist above normal workload at key times and demonstrate achieving team project outcomes. mayo quality fellowship/academy: bronze certification preferred within 4 years of hire. in addition, the incumbent supports leadership through activities that includes community involvement and participation in committees and projects when appropriate.benefit eligible: yesexemption status: non-exemptcompensation detail: education, experience and tenure may be considered along with internal equity when job offers are extended. the minimum pay rate is $23.65 per hour.hours/pay period: 40recruiter: kevin ryanwhy mayo clinic? mayo clinic provides the highest quality patient care by placing the needs of the patient first. we are the largest integrated, not-for-profit medical group practice in the world with approximately 60,000 employees working in a unique environment that brings together the best in patient care, groundbreaking research and innovative medical education. we offer a highly competitive compensation package, which includes exceptional benefits, and have been recognized by fortune magazine as one of the top 100 “best companies to work for”.site description: mayo clinic's campuses in arizona are located in phoenix and scottsdale, in the beautiful sonoran desert. the region is known as the valley of the sun, a metropolitan area with more than 4 million residents in 25 cities and towns.with phoenix being the sixth largest city in the nation, this sunny "desert metropolis" offers the amenities of a big city in the midst of a strikingly beautiful, rugged, southwest landscape.scottsdale frequently earns praise as a highly desirable place to live. the city's more than 200,000 residents enjoy a vibrant mix of culinary hot spots, arts and entertainment, professional and collegiate sports teams, and community resources. the region's desert climate promotes an outdoor lifestyle with a full complement of sports and recreation.mayo clinic is an equal opportunity educator and employer (including veterans and persons with disabilities).job posting category: business professional, it and engineering, office & administrative support, support services, surgical servicesjob posting number: 88818br
        
date: 
dec 6, 2017
                



nearest major market: phoenix
                    
                

job segment: 
database, medical, clerical, patient care, technology, healthcare, part time, administrative
                    




apply now »

apply now 




start apply with linkedin







apply now





email  





please wait...









find similar jobs: 

phoenix arizona it jobs,
az it jobs,
az hospital professional jobs,
arizona it jobs,
arizona administrative jobs












top job searches
view all jobs
view jobs by category
join our talent community
contact us



legal conditions and terms

any use of this site constitutes your agreement to the terms and conditions and privacy policy linked below.



terms and conditions


privacy policy


notice of privacy practices




© 1998-2014 mayo foundation for medical education and research. all rights reserved.


























