


careers center - hris data analyst
















































please enable cookies to continue
please enable cookies in your browser to experience all the personalized features of this site, including the ability to apply for a job.







welcome page







returning candidate?

log back in!












hris data analyst




job number

209743



facility


banner health (corporate)


shift

day


department

banner health (corporate) - hr ops/apps-corp


position type

ft: full-time


street address

2901 n central ave.


city & state

us-az-phoenix


posting category

human resources / hris









---






banner health is looking for an hris data analyst to join their hr technology: data and applications team at our corporate office on central and thomas in phoenix, az.  this position is responsible for reporting and analytics for hr.  ideal candidates will have the following qualifications:5+ years of experience working with hr data sytemsreporting knowledgesome application knowledge preferredknowledge of sql, access, crystal, tableau or sas*this is a full-time opportunity with banner health*








---






about banner health corporatewithin banner health corporate, you will have the opportunity to apply your unique experience and expertise in support of a nationally-recognized healthcare leader. we offer stimulating and rewarding careers in a wide array of disciplines. whether your background is in human resources, finance, information technology, legal, managed care programs or public relations, you'll find many options for contributing to our award-winning patient care. about banner healthbanner health is one of the largest, nonprofit health care systems in the country and the leading nonprofit provider of hospital services in all the communities we serve. throughout our network of hospitals, primary care health centers, research centers, labs, physician practices and more, our skilled and compassionate professionals use the latest technology to make health care easier, so life can be better. the many locations, career opportunities, and benefits offered at banner health help to make the banner journey unique and fulfilling for every employee.








---






job summarythis position provides expertise on complex system applications and leads project teams. this includes analyzing data and building complex reports and/or data repositories and other presentation materials. the incumbent must have significant knowledge about cross functional departments in order to serve as a liaison and provide relevant guidance or leadership. this position is responsible for and/or participates in creating functional documentation, participating or reviewing technical documentation, system configuration, creating training materials and facilitating or leading cross functional teams through projects and/or issues to achieve desired results. essential functionsfacilitates cross-functional teams and/or leads projects with regional or company-wide scope to implement system or policy changes, determine policies and manage process improvement and redesign. this may also include providing oversight, general work direction or leadership to individuals on team. performs analysis of customer needs. manages and supports the identification and research of new developments and uses of current systems and applications, as well as upgraded systems and applications to meet customer needs. products may include, but are not limited to; online applications, complex reports. serves as a liaison and expert resource for application functional configuration or customers between internal and external resources. this may also include education, negotiation and troubleshooting for system, regional or business policy issues. maintains optimal operation of departmental application in partnership with it or external software vendor, as appropriate. this may include leading the implementation, maintenance, testing and/or functional design. keeps current on industry and regulatory/compliance issues within assigned areas. provides system and reporting consultation on these issues to customers. creates presentations and/or reports for management involving significant analysis of multiple or complex data sources. develops interrelationships among partners and customers who might have similar information needs and manages those relationships to assure effective solutions. in some roles, this position may supervise professional staff.  minimum qualificationsmust possess a strong knowledge as normally obtained through the completion of a bachelor's degree in a related business discipline or computer science.a level of experience as would typically be obtained in no less than 5 years working with complex data environments or systems. must demonstrate ability to lead project or cross-functional teams to resolve, implement or reach consensus on issues. advanced business or clinical knowledge and demonstrated ability to utilize technical skills to resolve organizational needs.excellent working knowledge of typical word processing, spreadsheet and/or database applications is required. strong organizational skills, as well as, excellent oral and written communication and human relation skills are required.preferred qualificationsexperience with department specific software, including advanced integrated or independent report writing applications. additional related education and/or experience preferred.






apply for this jobapply
















