


careers center - customer experience data analyst
















































please enable cookies to continue
please enable cookies in your browser to experience all the personalized features of this site, including the ability to apply for a job.







welcome page







returning candidate?

log back in!












customer experience data analyst




job number

205986



facility


banner health (corporate)


shift

day


department

banner health (corporate) - customer loyalty & perfor-corp


position type

ft: full-time


street address

2901 n central avenue ste 160


city & state

us-az-phoenix


posting category

accounting / finance


new grad

no









---






banner is seeking a dynamic customer experience data analyst to join the customer experience strategy & insights department. the customer experience data analyst will support the expansion of banner’s enterprise voice of the customer (voc) program and play a vital role in ensuring the flawless execution of the voc program by stewarding report design, data management, systems integration and troubleshooting. the customer experience strategy & insights department helps banner understand what our customers – our patients and their loved ones – experience and expect across touch points in banner’s customer journey. through our voice of the customer program we listen to, learn from and act on what our customers tell us matters most to them so that we can continuously improve our service delivery and operations to fulfill our mission of making healthcare easier and life better for the communities we serve.








---






about banner health corporatewithin banner health corporate, you will have the opportunity to apply your unique experience and expertise in support of a nationally-recognized healthcare leader. we offer stimulating and rewarding careers in a wide array of disciplines. whether your background is in human resources, finance, information technology, legal, managed care programs or public relations, you'll find many options for contributing to our award-winning patient care. about banner healthbanner health is one of the largest, nonprofit health care systems in the country and the leading nonprofit provider of hospital services in all the communities we serve. throughout our network of hospitals, primary care health centers, research centers, labs, physician practices and more, our skilled and compassionate professionals use the latest technology to change the way care is provided. the many locations, career opportunities, and benefits offered at banner health help to make the banner journey unique and fulfilling for every employee.








---






job summaryprovides analysis and builds complex reports or other presentation materials. the incumbent may also be expected to troubleshoot data issues at a moderately complex level and appropriately escalate issues to other resources, as needed. this may include tasks such as creating data definitions, validating data, retrieving data from multiple systems, merging data from multiple sources, functional documentation, participating in creating or reviewing technical documentation and training materials. essential functionsanalyzes and reports on customer needs. manages and supports the identification and research of new developments and uses of current systems and applications, as well as upgraded systems and applications such as teradata, sas and tableau. serves as a liaison for data users or customers. this may include education, negotiation and problem solving tasks to deliver desirable outcome. maintains optimal operation of departmental reports in partnership with information technology or external software vendor, as appropriate. this may include implementation, maintenance, testing and/or functional design. represents assigned area on project teams with regional or company scope on system implementations, policy and practice changes and process redesign. may prepare and distribute worksheets, reports and powerpoint presentations. keeps current on industry, standards, and regulatory/compliance issues within assigned areas. provides education and consultation on these issues to customers. creates presentations and/or reports for management involving significant analysis of multiple or complex data sources.  minimum qualificationsmust possess strong knowledge as normally obtained through the completion of bachelors degree in statistics, epidemiology, computer sciences, process engineering, business or related field. requires experience typically obtained by 3-4 years working with systems, working as a functional "super-user" of an application in a similar department environment, or providing consultative input for data usage or design is required.requires ability to work independently, manage large, multiple projects, complex reports, and organize priorities. excellent communication, interpersonal and critical thinking skills are required. excellent working knowledge of typical word processing, spreadsheet and/or database applications is required. requires the ability to write queries using sql.preferred qualificationsexperience with system implementation and project management. additional experience with specialized applications in related area also preferred. experience with sas or ssrs, experience with department specific software (cerner, nextgen, centricity, peribirth, tsi, and quality advisor), including advanced integrated or independent report writing applications. additional related education and/or experience preferred.






apply for this jobapply
















