


















arizona state university - job details



















            ?

homesearch  openingssearch  resultscurrent pagejob  details   

job detailstweetjob 1 of 1   apply to job   send to friend   save to cart          requisition id  37808br   asu job title  data analyst assoc   job title  research data analyst associate   campus/location  off-campus: scottsdale   job family  business operations   department name  edplus at asu dtl action lab   full-time/part-time  part-time   vp code  edplus at asu   scope of search  open   grant funded position  this is not a grant funded position and is not contingent on future grant funding.   category  02   salary range  $40,320 - $50,000 per year; doe   close date  15-december-2017   job description  the edplus at asu action lab seeks an entry-level research data analyst associate to join our team of research scientists researching digital teaching and learning. research data analyst associates perform a number of tasks relating to our learning analytics and efficacy research, including collaborative work on team projects and conducting individual research projects. applicants with backgrounds in econometrics, cognitive science, learning analytics, learning science, education technology and psychology are particularly encouraged to apply.edplus is a leader in online learning and global education. our mission is to reimagine teaching and learning and deliver education at scale and speed to everyone, everywhere. action lab research is primarily focused on digital teaching and learning data from asu learners and students, including both retrospective/data mining and experimental methods. edplus at asu   essential duties  under administrative direction, develops and manages policies and procedures relating to the entry, storage, maintenance, and security of personal and demographic data relating to students, staff, and affiliates of the university in enterprise and related systems.as directed, works with functional areas to develop policies, standards, definitions, and conventions governing the creation and use of enterprise bio/demo data.under administrative direction, implements system administration procedures such as data validation processes, duplicate resolution processes, system change requests and system integration / user acceptance testing to ensure ongoing integrity and security of people data in line with university policy and procedures.coordinates, conducts, and otherwise assists in research activities and statistical studies.participates on project teams in special studies resulting in recommending solutions or alternatives.creates, maintains and approves databases utilizing various computer programming languages or user-oriented software, such as r, matlab, stata, and python. utilize micro-computer programs, such as excel, access, microsoft word, and powerpoint.performs and assists in independent studies, internet and library searches on relevant subjects.understands and promotes the research capabilities and interests of the institution in terms of industry needs and national priorities.assists university departments by providing information for operational and strategic plans, or accreditation reviews.establishes and maintains office-based technology systems to aid in the effective administration of projects and activities.develops and delivers presentations, writes articles and technical reports, independently and as part of a team. collaborates to publish in leading scientific journals and to present at relevant scientific conferences.assumes or coordinates other duties and projects as assigned or directed.   minimum qualifications  bachelor’s degree in business administration, education, or related field; or, any combination of education and/or experience from which comparable knowledge, skills and abilities have been achieved.   desired qualifications  demonstrated knowledge of and experience in quantitative research in social, behavioral or learning sciencesdemonstated knowledge of and experience in data analysis and experience with statistical software relevant to methods specializations (r, stata, spss, matlab, etc.)evidence of effective communication, relationship building and success in collaborative work environmentscomputer programming experience: data analysis, data visualization, and data acquisition (matlab, python, or similar)experience with one or more learning management systems (lms; edx, blackboard, etc.)experience in retrospective data analysis (e.g., regression-based models of archival data)experience in learning analytics and student dataexperience in a higher education environment   working environment  our offices are located in asu skysong, a dynamic center for innovation - home to both start-ups and fortune 500 companies.activities are primarily performed in a regular, climate controlled office setting subject to extended periods of sitting or standing. visual acuity and manual dexterity associated with daily use of desktop or laptop computer is required. ability to clearly communicate verbally in english, read, write, see, and hear to perform essential duties. regular review of completed tasks.   department statement  edplus at asu works to accelerate the acceptance and adoption of digital teaching and learning at asu, in america and the world.help us change the world of higher education by becoming part of our innovative, enthusiastic and disciplined team. our culture is one where everybody contributes, because we feel a sense of urgency each day; where everyone strives for excellence, because we seek to delight our stakeholders; where everybody takes risks, because we are challenged by our ambitions to be bold; and where we achieve milestones and are closers.if you wish to work in an environment where you will be valued for the skills you bring to projects and be challenged to stretch your current capabilities and apply them in new ways, then consider becoming part of edplus at asu.edplus at asu   asu statement  arizona state university is a new model for american higher education, an unprecedented combination of academic excellence, entrepreneurial energy and broad access. this new american university is a single, unified institution comprising four differentiated campuses positively impacting the economic, social, cultural and environmental health of the communities it serves. its research is inspired by real world application blurring the boundaries that traditionally separate academic disciplines. asu serves more than 90,000 students in metropolitan phoenix, arizona, the nation's fifth largest city. asu champions intellectual and cultural diversity, and welcomes students from all fifty states and more than one hundred nations across the globe. asu is a tobacco-free university.  for details visit www.asu.edu/tobaccofree americorps, peace corps, and other national service alumni are encouraged to apply. arizona state university is a vevraa federal contractor and an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer. all qualified applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, sex, religion, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other basis protected by law.   employment verification statement  asu conducts pre-employment screening which may include verification of work history, academic credentials, licenses, and certifications.   fingerprint check statement  this position is considered safety/security sensitive and will include a fingerprint check. employment is contingent upon successful passing of the fingerprint check.   instructions to apply  application deadline is 3:00pm arizona time on the date indicated.please include all employment information in month/year format (e.g., 6/88 to 8/94), job title, job duties and name of employer for each position.resume and cover letter should clearly illustrate how prior knowledge and experience meets the minimum and desired qualifications of this position.asu does not pay for travel expenses associated with interviews, unless otherwise indicated.only electronic applications are accepted for this position.edplus at asu employment requires current eligibility to legally work in the united states.    apply to job   send to friend   save to cart        


     



