











senior data analyst with cvs health

















skip navigation







cvshealth.com



main menu


aboutabout
our servicesretail pharmacy
pharmacy benefits management
clinical services
specialty pharmacy
digital services

leadership
diversityemployee and consumer rights
supplier diversity
veterans
workforce
multicultural products and services

cvs health at a glance
our storyhistory


social responsibilitysocial responsibility
our givingfoundation giving
corporate giving
local community support
community contacts

corporate social responsibilityhealth in action
planet in balance
leader in growth
reporting

stakeholder engagement

resource library

be the first tobacco-free generation
tobacco-free generation campus initiative


community stories
thought leadershipthought leadershiprising drug priceshealth care delivery & innovation
opioid epidemic
tobacco prevention & cessation

cvs health research institute
stay informedemail alerts & subscriptions


careerscareers



newsroomnewsroompress releases

media gallery
media contacts
email news alerts

investorsinvestors
investor storyour business model
growth drivers
capital allocation
long term targets

results center
2016 in reviewceo's shareholder letter
health is where the heart is
interactive annual report

financial informationfive-year financial summary
interactive financial history
fixed income information
annual report archive

sec filings
events & presentations
stock informationstock chart
stock calculator
dividend history
equity analyst coverage
cost basis calculator

corporate governanceleadership
board of directors
guidelines
committee composition
documents

investor resourcesshareholder services
shareholder information request form
faqs
contacts
investor alerts








search form

search 





 



other sites
cvs/pharmacy
cvs/caremark
cvs/minuteclinic
cvs/specialty
 



prescription help
contact
 











search jobs
search jobs



keyword search



location



search radius
radius
5 miles
15 miles
25 miles
35 miles
50 miles



search jobs












analytics careers












share

facebook
twitter
linkedin
google+






job details


senior data analyst

apply now

save job
remove job

view saved jobs



 job id:
    698579br
 business area:
    cvs health
primary location:
    az ‒ scottsdale
 other locations: 
    il - northbrook 
 job type:
    full time 
 job category:
analytics, finance, corporate

 clinical licensure required:
    n/a 
location code of117

position summary: this position is responsible for creating and supporting client mac reporting, including customizing reports as needed to meet client commitments and requests.  it also involves running various monthly and quarterly quality checks to ensure  mac lists and prices are accurate. in addition, this position will help support other mac processes, including   implementing timely mac price updates and supporting the quality check process to ensure the accuracy of the   updates. responsibilities will include: - creating and supporting client mac reporting - creating and/or supporting mac related qc processes - implement mac price updates as needed - support for other mac price update related processes   this position can be located in northbrook, il or scottsdale, az#analytictalentrequired qualifications: - 2+ years experience with reporting or data analysispreferred qualifications: - 2+ years experience with excel and access  -  experience with sas    - knowledge and experience with pricing  - excellent attention to detail  - problem solving skills  - ability to multi-task and work in a fast-paced environment education: verifiable hsd or ged required. bachelor's degree preferred business overview:cvs health, through our unmatched breadth of service offerings, is transforming the delivery of health care services in the u.s. we are an innovative, fast-growing company guided by values that focus on teamwork, integrity and respect for our colleagues and customers. what are we looking for in our colleagues? we seek fresh ideas, new perspectives, a diversity of experiences, and a dedication to service that will help us better meet the needs of the many people and businesses that rely on us each day. as the nation’s largest pharmacy health care provider, we offer a wide range of exciting and fulfilling career opportunities across our three business units – minuteclinic, pharmacy benefit management (pbm) and retail pharmacy. our energetic and service-oriented colleagues work hard every day to make a positive difference in the lives of our customers.cvs health is an equal opportunity employer. we do not discriminate in hiring or employment against any individual on the basis of race, ethnicity, ancestry, color, religion, sex/gender (including pregnancy), national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, physical or mental disability, medical condition, age, veteran status, military status, marital status, genetic information, citizenship status, unemployment status, political affiliation, or on any other basis or characteristic prohibited by applicable federal, state or local law. cvs health will consider qualified job candidates with criminal histories in a manner consistent with federal, state and local laws. cvs health will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against any colleague or applicant for employment because such colleague or applicant has inquired about, discussed, or disclosed the compensation of the colleague or applicant or another colleague or applicant. furthermore, we comply with the laws and regulations set forth in the following eeo is the law poster: eeo is the law and eeo is the law supplementfederal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified individuals with disabilities. if you require assistance to apply for this job, please contact us by clicking aa eeo cvs healthfor inquiries related to the application process or technical issues please contact the kenexa helpdesk at 1-855-338-5609. for technical issues with the virtual job tryout assessment, contact the shaker help desk at 1-877-987-5352. please note that we only accept resumes via our corporate website: https://jobs.cvshealth.com/

apply now
apply later








share

facebook
twitter
linkedin
google+







location map & information
learn about this job location and find nearby amenities.


 






related jobs


district asset protection leader - phoenix, az
737102br
 arizona, phoenix, arizona, scottsdale, arizona


senior analyst - medicare operations
733489br
scottsdale, arizona, pittsburgh, pennsylvania


manager application development
730280br
buffalo grove, illinois, scottsdale, arizona, richardson, texas


claims analyst
715781br
scottsdale, arizona






job alert notifications
sign up to receive the latest career opportunities directly to your inbox.


email addressinterested insearch for a category and select one from the list of suggestions. search for a location and select one from the list of suggestions. finally, click “add” to create your job alert.categorylocationaddremove

confirm email







learn more about our privacy policy.




application process
we’re here to make our application process as easy as possible for you. here's what you can expect.
learn more













awards &recognition
our hard work's been noticed, and acclaimed.
learn more










recruiting news
find out what we've been doing and how you can join us in doing it.
learn more












cvs and ibm team up to predict patient health
cvs health and ibm have formed a partnership designed to better predict deteriorating health of the pharmacy giant’s customers through predictive analytics.




let's get started!
before we redirect you into our applicant tracking system, please give us your email address.
first namelast nameemail

confirm email









































follow cvs health careers on social


































sign up for our email alerts sign up now




follow us
facebook
twitter
youtube
linkedin
 



 



about cvs health
millions of times a day, we’re helping people on their path to better health—from advising on prescriptions to helping manage chronic and specialty conditions. because we’re present in so many moments, big and small, we have an active, supportive role in shaping the future of health care.




quick links

code of conduct
corporate integrity agreement policy
diversity
ethics & human rights
political activities & contributions
 



corporate information
about
careers
newsroom
thought leadership
investors
 



 



terms of use
privacy policy
patient privacy
sitemap
© copyright 1999 - 2017 cvs health













































