













 bank of america job - client reporting senior analyst , phoenix, az; newark, de; plano, tx;  - united states













skip to main content
menu





navigation

home 
our company

our business


working here

culture, inclusion, people
military & veterans
benefits & advantages
career development & learning
recruitment tips


locations
career areas

search jobs
events
applicants with disabilities

united states
change location

argentina
australia
bahamas
bahrain
belgium
brazil
canada
cayman islands
chile
china
colombia
costa rica 
france
germany
greece
hong kong
india
indonesia
ireland
isle of man
israel
italy
japan
jersey
lebanon
luxembourg
malaysia
mexico
monaco
netherlands
norway
panama
peru
philippines 
poland
portugal
russia
saudi arabia
singapore
south africa
south korea
spain
sweden
switzerland
taiwan 
thailand
turkey
united arab emirates
united kingdom
united states
uruguay
venezuela







search jobs





client reporting senior analyst
phoenix, az; newark, de; plano, tx;  - united states
job number: 17075638
back to job search results


apply now for this job >



job description

job description:the primary focus of our team is report automation which relies on the development of jobs which store reporting data within an olap environment leveraging business intelligence tools for customer access and presentation.  our business partners include enterprise fraud management and process control. key priorities for our team are the identification, acquisition, and development of new data sources that align to the enterprise view of fraud that will support report automation development and analytics. additional priorities include supporting process control with audits and audit issues through data mining, remediation, and implementation of control reporting.the teammate in this role is responsible for gathering requirements in report development, analytical dataset sourcing, and data mining. generally, the work routine is dynamic, depending upon task with varying degrees of prioritization and complexity and will demand the ability to handle multiple priorities simultaneously. as part of the responsibilities of the role, the teammate will develop business partner relationships with strategy, policy, process control, and claim processing units. throughout the tenure of the role, the teammate should gain exposure and acumen in fraud strategy, fraud detection, and claims and the underlying data which supports these organizations while improving skills in data mining and analytics and report presentation application development.job description – enterprise role overview: responsible for performing complex analysis and modeling. utilizes a variety of systems including, but not limited to excel, access, visual basic, sas, and infoquest at an intermediary level. provides analytical support on various strategies to ensure company goals are met. coordinates the production of performance reports and updates for senior management. may utilize established databases to provide statistical and financial modeling. analyzes portfolio trends, concerning risk, loss trends, marketing performance, portfolio dynamics, and bureau scoring criteria. will participate in the rollout of company-wide pilot programs developed as a result of programmed models. duties primarily include the regular use of discretion and independent judgment. 2-5 years experience preferred.required skills: 5+ years experience with ddl and dml t-sql5+ years data mining experiencebusiness intelligence application development: cognos, microstrategies, or tableaufraud and claims business data knowledgedesired skills: mssql, db2, oracle, teradata preferredprevious analysis experienceanalytical abilities/financial acumen/problem solvingeffectively work with others/business partneringcommunication-writtencommunication-oralinitiativeleadership


posting date: 11/16/2017 
location: phoenix, az, mcdowell bldg, 1825 e buckeye rd, newark, de, deerfield v, 655 paper mill rd, plano, tx, building b, 7105 corporate dr,  - united states 

travel: no 


full / part-time: full time 
hours per week: 40 
shift: 1st shift  




already have a candidate profile? log in to access and update your current profile to access and update your current profile.  
assistance for applicants with disabilities
bank of america is committed to ensuring that our online application process provides an equal employment opportunity to all job seekers, including individuals with disabilities. if you believe you need a reasonable accommodation in order to search for a job opening or to submit an application, please visit the applicants with disabilities page. 
diversity & inclusion
at bank of america, our commitment to diversity and inclusion is helping us to create not only a great place to work, but also an environment where our employees, our customers and our communities around the world can reach their goals and connect with each other. all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. 
frequently asked questions 
need to know how to apply online, view a list of your submitted job applications or reset your password? visit our faq section for answers to these questions and more.

bank of america employees
bank of america employees should access the internal jobs database.






return to top


faq | 
events | 
campus | 
about us | 
returning job seekers | 
pay transparency | 
privacy policy | 
eeo statement | 
site map 


© bank of america, n.a. member fdic. equal housing lender. © 2014 bank of america corporation. all rights reserved.

follow us:

go to twitter page

twitter page :  bofa_careers
twitter page :  ml_careers


go to facebook page
go to linkedin page

linkedin page :  bank of america
linkedin page :  merrill lynch 






life's better when we're connected 








thanks for your interest in this job
we're updating our website and regret that we cannot accept your job application right now. please try again after 1 a.m. gmt monday, 12 december. 
thank you for your patience!
life’s better when we’re connected ®











