
advanced reporting analyst job - zero mass water - scottsdale, az | indeed.com






















skip to job description, searchclose










find jobscompany reviewsfind salariesfind resumesemployers / post job







upload your resume


sign in







:







what
where





advanced job search


 

 



 



job title, keywords or company


city, state, or zip












advanced reporting analyst

zero mass water
     -
scottsdale, az 85257


job location: scottsdale, azposition:  advanced reporting analystjob description: this is an opportunity to join an arizona based renewables technology company. we are looking for a team member to join our source control center(scc), operations and customer success team. the advanced reporting analyst role is to use internally and externally developed tools to analyze and collate performance data. the results of the analysis will form the basis of recurring reports that have both internal and external customers. some of these reports are time-sensitive, so a strong operational focus will be necessary. in this role, you will work to ensure the full operation, optimal performance and uptime of the source fleet. analyze large amounts of data and report on issues as needed in various formats. be proficient in using vendor tools needed to analyze data, identify anomalies and build repeatable reports to enable the company to continually improve their products. it is important that you are a creative problem solver and who is good at thinking on your feet.ifrtifications xtend day (up to 12 hours)required qualifications: 3-year minimum of related job experiencegenerate graphs/data sets for analysis and historical recordsproduce system failure history for warranty purposesperform ad hoc analysis and diagnosis looking for site degradationable to create, understand and utilize data analysisperform long and short term site and fleet wide analysis.provide daily, weekly and monthly reports and pareto's on the fleet and the panelscreate kpi dashboards for projects, fleet, field techs and scc techsdevelop repeatable reports for internal and external customersperform ad hoc analysis and diagnosis looking for site degradation and underperformancecreate global analysis for fleet wide availability and performancecreate project by project analysis for availability and performance guaranteesexperience with linking data bases and writing advanced sql queriesable to understand api and db schemas for bringing data in from multiple sourcesable to apply statistical calculations, analysis of variance, correlation techniques, and sampling theory as well as algebra, linear equations, and other analytics as requiredexperience setting up business intelligence platform like qlikview, tableau, or equivalentassist in writing documentation for expanded tools and processes as they are developed.perform cross referenced analysis to audit for data accuracy and potential outliers.desired qualifications: at least 5 years of experience in data analytics, data mining, or related statistical analysisfour-year degree in mathematics preferredresults oriented and able to work under tight deadlines and pressure.proficiency in excelattention to detailability to comply to strict deadlinescreativity in data presentationexperience in operations-centric environmentsexperience in advanced data analysis, probability and statisticsphysical requirements: frequently working in an office environment working on a computer, using copiers, printers and other general office equipment.the detail: position available is full-time salaried with benefits. drug tests, background checks and mvd reports will be performed on all final candidates. employment eligibility verified through e-verify. competitive compensation based on experience. position will report to sr. director of field operations & customer successjob type: full-time

30+ days ago   -  save job









» apply now

            please review all application instructions before applying to zero mass water.






other jobs you may like


reporting business analyst

matrix medical network -
					scottsdale, az
5 days ago


analytics and reporting analyst

unitedhealth group -
					phoenix, az
6 days ago


bsa reporting analyst (healthcare experience...

vincentbenjamin -
					scottsdale, az
29 days ago


support analyst (jacksonville, fl; tempe, az;...

ditech financial llc -
					jacksonville, fl
23 hours ago

 easily apply



business analysis & reporting analyst-602

jp morgan chase -
					tempe, az
jpmorgan chase - 
					1 day ago





 





let employers find youthousands of employers search for candidates on indeedupload your resume










about - help center


©2017 indeed - cookies, privacy and terms



let employers find you  upload your resume











