








welcome to usana.com!













this may take a couple seconds. please wait...



this action is not reversible. do you want to continue?



















find an associate
shop
                    
login
locations
change market





usana
products


nutritionals

diet &  energy

personal care

business tools

logo merchandise

usana foundation

products by body benefit

product specials

products a - z

ingredients a - z

express shopping




opportunity



why usana
compensation plan
get started
success stories
about direct selling





about usana



the usana story
management team
usana in action
investor relations
newsroom





the usana difference



science
high quality manufacturing
athletes











 





















employment at usana








business intelligence analyst


location:
salt lake city


department:
it



description
usana health sciences is seeking an experienced, business leader, and self-starter who can provide insight through advanced data analytics and strategic direction to join our team as a business intelligence developer. in this position, you will interface with key business stakeholders, management, and subject matter experts to design, implement, and deploy microstrategy reporting solutions. 
as usana’s business intelligence developer you will lead and mentor microstrategy bi developers with design, implementation, schema architecture, testing, and deployment of new microstrategy reporting solutions such as documents, interactive dashboards, and mobile applications, as well as perform complex ad hoc data analyses. your ability to mine, analyze data, and communicate findings will be essential to your success.
in this senior role, you will lead bi development efforts as well as focus on robust data analytics that will assist and influence business stakeholder’s strategic objectives. as you develop in this position, there will be opportunities to advance your career by expanding your skillset and transition to an expert role. being able to work with business stakeholders and provide meaningful, fact driven data analyses will be essential to your success.
a successful individual in this position will exemplify usana’s core values and will provide essential data analytics and meaningful analysis to business stakeholders. 
essential functions

lead the design, architect, and develop of complex reporting solutions, interactive dashboards, and mobile applications to meet the business requirements
create and produce reports, dashboards, charts, and graphs as requested by users using pre-defined microstrategy schemas and projects and custom sql
translate the defined business needs to a set of meaningful metrics and analytics
able to build and understand date models and perform robust analyses
perform ad hoc queries and predictive analysis to help business users make informed decisions
help business stakeholders, management, and internal business partners understand how to effectively use microstrategy reporting to meet their strategic objectives and how the tool can assist them to perform their jobs. 

qualifications/knowledge, skills, & abilities requirements 

bachelor’s degree required in statistics, business, information systems or related field; master’s degree in related field preferred
5+ years relevant experience with business intelligence tools, data visualization techniques, and data analysis
3+ years using and developing reports, dashboards, documents, mobile applications within microstrategy 9.4.1 or greater, 10.2 strongly preferred
strong emphasis on date analytics; including data mining, and modeling

we've been around a while. we've done some amazing things. we've climbed to the top of the nutritional supplement industry, touching millions of lives along the way. founded in 1992 by dr. myron wentz, usana health sciences is a u.s.-based international company that manufactures high-quality supplements, personal care, and energy products in our fda-registered facility in salt lake city, utah.
usana is committed to making the highest quality products without compromise. that's why we use only the purest ingredients, stringent quality control, and a manufacturing process that's second-to-none. after all, at usana we make more than just nutritionals––we help others create their usana lifestyle. and we are able to do that with teams of incredible employees based around the world. 
usana employees do more than work for our company­––we embody the culture, and we live our company values: excellence, integrity, health, and community. we are committed to doing whatever it takes to ensure usana’s direct-selling associates are supplied with whatever they need to become successful. 




























previous applicants:


email:





password:





if you do not remember your password click here.




back to search results


new search










home
products
opportunity
about usana
the usana difference
locations
employment

usana health sciences is known for manufacturing the highest quality products backed by a potency guarantee. to ensure you and your family are receiving genuine world-class usana products, purchase them only through your independent usana associate or www.usana.com. 










copyright © 2013 usana health sciences. all rights reserved
                    terms and conditions
dmca notice













