


research analyst























skip to main content
























toggle navigation







home
search jobs
create account
log in
help








research analyst

bookmark this posting |
    print preview |
        apply for this job



announcement



details



open date
12/05/2017


requisition number
prn15842b


job title
research analyst


working title
student data warehouse research analyst


job grade
d


flsa code
professional


patient sensitive job code?
no


standard hours per week
40


full time or part time?
full time


shift
day


work schedule summary
m-f 8:00 am to 5:00 pm


vp area
academic affairs


department
00286 - budget and analysis


location
campus


city
salt lake city, ut


type of recruitment
external posting


pay rate range
31600 to 58400


close date<br /><br /><strong>note:</strong> may close at anytime.



open until filled<br /><br /><strong>note:</strong> may close at anytime.
yes


job summary
the office of institutional analysis is the driving force of analytics at the university of utah and we are looking for a data rockstar to join our team.  the successful candidate will work with various colleges on student data analysis requests.  these analyses will inform each college’s undergraduate population, curriculum initiatives, and strategic planning activities.  we need someone who can interpret requests, gather data from various sources, and transform it all into analytical magic through analysis and visualizations.  the successful candidate will be data literate, able to work in a team environment, and passionate about analytics.


responsibilities
•	work regularly with college and department leaders to gain an understanding of college data needs and respond to specific data analysis requests from each college.  
•	create meaningful charts, tables, and visualizations based on specific data analysis requests that will communicate insights in an effective manner for broad audiences.
•	prioritize projects from multiple stakeholders to insure timely delivery of reports.
•	facilitate communication between the various colleges and the staff who manage the student data warehouse.


minimum qualifications
bachelor’s degree in a related scientific field, or equivalency, plus two years of related experience. demonstrated human relations and effective communication skills required. a valid utah driver’s license may be required in certain departments.


preferences
•	demonstrated advanced knowledge and use of data management and analytical tools, such as microsoft excel and/or access.
•	demonstrated knowledge of basic statistical concepts and programing language of analytical software, such as sas, r, and/or spss.
•	strong oral and written communication skills and experience interpreting and explaining detailed information to a variety of clients.
•	two years of experience analyzing data and writing reports.  
•	experience working in a higher education setting.
•	experience working with peoplesoft.
•	experience with business intelligence software such as tableau and/or business objects.


type
benefited staff


special instructions summary



additional information

the university of utah is an affirmative action/equal opportunity employer and is committed to diversity in its workforce.  in compliance with applicable federal and state laws, university of utah policy of equal employment opportunity prohibits discrimination on the basis of race or ethnicity, religion, color, national origin, sex, age, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression, veteran’s status, status as a qualified person with a disability, or genetic information.  individuals from historically underrepresented groups, such as minorities, women, qualified persons with disabilities, and protected veterans are strongly encouraged to apply. veterans’ preference is extended to qualified applicants, upon request and consistent with university policy and utah state law.
to inquire about this posting, email: employment@utah.edu or call 801-581-2300.  reasonable accommodations in the application process will be provided to qualified individuals with disabilities. to request an accommodation or for further information about university aa/eo policies, please contact the office of equal opportunity and affirmative action, 201 s. presidents cr., rm 135, (801) 581-8365 (v/tdd), email: oeo@umail.utah.edu. 

the university is a participating employer with utah retirement systems (“urs”). to be eligible for retirement contributions, you must be hired into a benefit-eligible position. certain new hires are automatically assigned to the urs retirement plan and other employees with prior urs service, may elect to enroll in the urs within 30 days of hire. regardless of whether they are hired into a benefit-eligible position or not, individuals who previously retired and are receiving monthly retirement benefits from urs must notify the benefits department upon hire. please contact utah retirement systems at (801)366-7770 or (800)695-4877 or the university’s benefits department at (801)581-7447 for information.

this position may require the successful completion of a criminal background check and/or drug screen.






posting specific questions

required fields are indicated with an asterisk (*).

 * 
  do you have a related bachelor's degree or equivalency? (2 years related work experience may be substituted for 1 year of education)
    
yes
no


 * 
  do you have 2 or more years' data gathering and analysis and/or research experience or equivalency? (1 year of related education is equivalent to 2 years of related work experience)
    
yes
no




applicant documents

required documents

resume

optional documents

cover letter
addendum to the university of utah - veteran only - call 801.581.2169 after submission
appropriate discharge document (such as a dd-214 – member copy 4) – veteran only – call 801.581.2169














 















