


marketing analyst























skip to main content
























toggle navigation







home
search jobs
create account
log in
help








marketing analyst

bookmark this posting |
    print preview |
        apply for this job



announcement



details



open date
12/01/2017


requisition number
prn15815b


job title
marketing analyst


working title
seo specialist


job grade
e


flsa code
administrative


patient sensitive job code?
no


standard hours per week
40


full time or part time?
full time


shift
day


work schedule summary



vp area
u of u health - academics


department
01443 - marketing and community relati


location
campus


city
salt lake city, ut


type of recruitment
external posting


pay rate range
$45,000 to $55,000


close date<br /><br /><strong>note:</strong> may close at anytime.



open until filled<br /><br /><strong>note:</strong> may close at anytime.
yes


job summary
university of utah health’s department of clinical marketing is looking for an individual who is able to work in the fields of seo, local search, and web analytics. the ideal candidate is self-motivated, able work through complex situations, and able to provide subject matter expertise for the organization.


responsibilities
duties:•	perform all common seo tasks such as keyword research, on-page and technical seo, link building, competitive analysis, and more
•	implement basic changes and recommendations directly in cms
•	prioritize seo recommendations
•	create and implement web tracking infrastructure
•	provide data and research to web and content teams to inform content production and updates
•	improve local listing accuracy
•	improve local rankings
•	analyze web analytics and provide reports to many different groups
•	regular reporting to be presented to service line directors and executives
•	provide expertise to other individuals, teams, and departments
•	creatively solve complex problems and questions presented to you
•	more duties as assigned
skills needed:•	advanced excel
•	advanced google analytics
•	common seo tools like moz, ahrefs, majestic, etc. 
•	common local search tools like moz local, yext, google my business, etc. 
•	experience and understanding of other digital advertising channels
•	data analysis and statistics
•	html and css
•	basic skills in adobe creative suite
•	understand and solve complex problems
•	excellent organization marketing 


minimum qualifications
requires a bachelor’s degree in a related area of assignment or equivalency; two years of related experience. demonstrated human relations and effective communication skills required.
in the case of hospital positions, previous health care experience is preferred.
this position has no responsibility for providing care to patients.


preferences
preferred•	basic knowledge of marketing crm software
•	understanding of call tracking software
education and experience:
•	bachelor’s degree preferred
•	4+ years of experience in digital 


type
benefited staff


special instructions summary



additional information

the university of utah is an affirmative action/equal opportunity employer and is committed to diversity in its workforce.  in compliance with applicable federal and state laws, university of utah policy of equal employment opportunity prohibits discrimination on the basis of race or ethnicity, religion, color, national origin, sex, age, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression, veteran’s status, status as a qualified person with a disability, or genetic information.  individuals from historically underrepresented groups, such as minorities, women, qualified persons with disabilities, and protected veterans are strongly encouraged to apply. veterans’ preference is extended to qualified applicants, upon request and consistent with university policy and utah state law.
to inquire about this posting, email: employment@utah.edu or call 801-581-2300.  reasonable accommodations in the application process will be provided to qualified individuals with disabilities. to request an accommodation or for further information about university aa/eo policies, please contact the office of equal opportunity and affirmative action, 201 s. presidents cr., rm 135, (801) 581-8365 (v/tdd), email: oeo@umail.utah.edu. 

the university is a participating employer with utah retirement systems (“urs”). to be eligible for retirement contributions, you must be hired into a benefit-eligible position. certain new hires are automatically assigned to the urs retirement plan and other employees with prior urs service, may elect to enroll in the urs within 30 days of hire. regardless of whether they are hired into a benefit-eligible position or not, individuals who previously retired and are receiving monthly retirement benefits from urs must notify the benefits department upon hire. please contact utah retirement systems at (801)366-7770 or (800)695-4877 or the university’s benefits department at (801)581-7447 for information.

this position may require the successful completion of a criminal background check and/or drug screen.






posting specific questions

required fields are indicated with an asterisk (*).

 * 
  do you have a related bachelor's degree or equivalency? (2 years related work experience may be substituted for 1 year of education)
    
yes
no


 * 
  how many years of marketing, statistical, or assignment related experience do you have?
    
no experience
less than 1 year
1 year or more, but less than 2 years
2 years or more, but less than 4 years
4 years or more




applicant documents

required documents

resume
cover letter

optional documents

addendum to the university of utah - veteran only - call 801.581.2169 after submission
appropriate discharge document (such as a dd-214 – member copy 4) – veteran only – call 801.581.2169














 















