





		business intelligence analyst - careers at nicholas and company	



























foodservice first © since 1939









careers at nicholas and company









share with friends or subscribe!





 





named one of utah's best places to work, nicholas & company believes exceptional products and services start with an extraordinary staff. our team members are our extended family. our mission is to preserve our family recipe for success by securing the dreams of all future generations. we take pride in our team members and encourage growth and new opportunities for everyone.

   
  
 
 
benefits





vacation
family day
competitive medical, dental & vision insurance plans
health savings account or health flex spending plan
maternity leave
paternity leave
life insurance(company paid team member, spouse, and children)


 


7/7 sabbatical for leadership
fmla(family medical leave act)
scholarships
tuition reimbursement
health advocate
401k plus company match
wellness programs and on-site gym
discounted membership and other gym reimbursement programs
onsite massages






to view our complete list benefits, click here.
 
 


 










		    back to openings		    






business intelligence analyst

 department
information technology
 location
salt lake city, ut

start your application
with over 75 years in the food distribution service, nicholas & company delivers exceptional products and services throughout the intermountain west. from our humble beginnings in 1939 to our current third-generation leadership and state-of-the art food distribution facilities, nicholas & company has delivered the highest quality products and services to our valued customers.
business intelligence analyst
job description 
we are currently seeking an enthusiastic and professional individual to build their career within our it department as a business intelligence analyst. in addition to joining a company that has been awarded “best companies to work for”, we offer excellent training, development and an outstanding benefits package. this is a dynamic role where you will be a key part of our it team with responsibilities that include:

lead the design, architecture, and development of complex bi reporting solutions and interactive dashboards to meet the business requirements using bi tools such as looker, qlik, tableau, etc.
create and produce reports, dashboards, charts, and graphs as requested by business stakeholders using native sql from data warehouse tables
work with business analysts and department leaders to develop kpi reports and dashboards.
translate business needs to a set of meaningful metrics and analytics
build complex data models to perform robust analysis
help business stakeholders, management, and internal business partners understand how to effectively use bi reporting to meet their strategic objectives and how a bi data analysis tool can assist them with business kpi’s.
contribute to design discussions based on business requirements provided in order to develop technical requirements and specifications for the data warehouse.
translate business specifications into technical requirements for analytical solutions.
work closely with the etl developer for enhancements to fulfill the needs of the business users.
provide data analysis and help answer business questions based on information within the data warehouse.
provide support for existing reporting solutions.
identify potential problems/issues, perform root cause analysis, and alert business community and/or technical team with recommended courses of action. 

requirements

bachelor’s degree in information technology, finance, accounting, statistics, or related field.
3+ years of bi data analytics experience
a passion for exploring data and extracting valuable insights
proven analysis and problem solving expertise
3+ years relevant experience with business intelligence tools, data visualization techniques, and data analysis, in a developer, or data modeler role is a must (e.g., tableau, looker, qlik, excel power-pivot, and power bi).
excellent analytical skills, decision making, and problem solving skills with attention to detail.
experience delivering presentations and demonstrations to senior level business and technical audiences
excellent oral and written communication skills, and comfort presenting to senior level business and technical audiences
ability to learn and assimilate technical information quickly

nice to have

experience working with apis. looker api provides credential authorization and access control
experience defining scope and requirements for projects
experience with statistical models and methodologies.
experience with a wide variety of business data (supply chain, marketing, finance, operations, etc.)
experience with excel vba 
experience with jira, confluence, slack

start your applicationor 






 visit our home page © 2017 nicholas and company 

applicant tracking system powered by 

















