
business intelligence analyst job - agreserves, inc. - salt lake city, ut | indeed.com






















skip to job description, searchclose










find jobscompany reviewsfind salariesfind resumesemployers / post job







upload your resume


sign in







:







what
where





advanced job search


 

 



 



job title, keywords or company


city, state, or zip












business intelligence analyst

agreserves, inc.
     -
salt lake city, ut 84111


company profile:  agreserves, inc. is a multi-national, multi-corporate company that operates investment farms and ranches throughout the world.description: the business intelligence analyst develops accurate and timely reports for management. provides operations and finance employees with appropriate access to data and self-serve reporting. helps to manage corporate data, assisting to inventory, organize, standardize and make available for analysis and reporting. helps mature the company’s data model, making sure that key data is being captured and stored in company databases. consults with end users on recommendations for new reports and to improve existing reports; understands and gathers the reporting requirements. helps train users to access data and reports to properly use reporting tools, and create reports. works with the corporate business intelligence team to align with company standards and policies. some travel required up to two weeks per month, depending on office location.position reports to division controller with tie-in to headquarters business intelligence manager.required qualifications: bachelor’s degree in information systems, finance, or related field required.experience with micro strategy and/or other visualization and analysis tools.5+ years of relevant reporting/analytics experience.understanding of accounting and finance practices and principles.knowledge of t-sql and relational database design.familiarity with crystal reports, sql server reporting services, or similar development.excellent analytical and problem solving capabilities with special attention to accuracy and detail.  * initiative, creativity, analytical, and problem solving skills.adaptive to rapid and ongoing changes in technology.capacity and desire to learn new skills to solve problems and meet needs.thorough understand of and experience with financial reporting needs.note:  the specific statements shown in each section of this job description are not intended to be all inclusive, but represent typical elements and criteria considered necessary to successfully perform the job.consistently present a “can-do” attitude.ability to collaboratively push through to acceptable solutions as an engaged and motivated team member.effective communication and interpersonal skills. ability to clearly explain technical concepts in common vernacular.ability to handle multiple information requests while prioritizing based on plan and/or discussion with key stakeholders.desired qualifications: fluent in spanish (written and oral).experience in manufacturing and/or food processing.salary/benefits:  salary is commensurate with experience. full-time employees receive excellent benefits including: medical, dental, group term life, disability, retirement savings programs (401k and retirement plus plan), flex-spending, and other value added benefits.job type: full-timerequired education:bachelor'srequired experience:reporting/analytics: 5 yearsrequired language:spanish

30+ days ago   -  save job









» apply now

            please review all application instructions before applying to agreserves, inc..






other jobs you may like


business intelligence analyst, sr.

university of utah health care -
					salt lake city, ut
1 day ago


business intelligence analyst iii

biofire diagnostics, llc. -
					salt lake city, ut
30+ days ago


business intelligence analyst

usana health services -
					salt lake city, ut
30+ days ago


business intelligence analyst

usana health sciences -
					salt lake city, ut
30+ days ago


all source intelligence analyst

msi universal -
					draper, ut
8 days ago

 easily apply






 









                        agreserves, inc.


                agreserves, inc. is a multinational, multi-corporate company that operates investment farms and ranches throughout the world. 



let employers find youthousands of employers search for candidates on indeedupload your resume










about - help center


©2017 indeed - cookies, privacy and terms



let employers find you  upload your resume











