































view job













home


job requirements


residencies & training


life at intermountain


give














careers menu







job search


my account


login


help



































job opportunity


financial analyst i or ii 12/8/17business / administrationfull timegreater salt lake areacentral offices




refer


save


apply



job id: 207671
  greater salt lake area
details:

about uswhat does it mean to be a part of intermountain healthcare? it means that the quest for clinical excellence is not just a goal, but a given. it means building an environment where physicians and employees can deliver the best in healthcare. and it’s realizing each employee or volunteer is vital to the healing process, because we can only achieve the extraordinary together. 
being a part of intermountain healthcare means joining with a world-class team of over 36,000 employees and embarking on a career filled with opportunities, strength, innovation, and fulfillment. our mission is: helping people live the healthiest lives possible.
our patients deserve the best in healthcare, and we deliver.job description
this position provides analysis and reports primarily related to activity based costing and strategic pricing which are used to ensure sound financial operations. the position may also provide analysis and reports relating to budgeting, strategic planning, variance, patient account and operations data, ad-hoc analysis processes, and decision support to management. performs analysis on routine to moderately complex projects or programs. management supervision is limited.
note: will hire at the financial analyst i or ii level based on qualifications.
essential job duties
1. performs specifically defined tasks related to several routine and non-routine / moderately complex functions (e.g. operating budget, capital budget, strategic planning, patient accounts and operations). accountable for timely and accurate completion of assigned tasks.
2. provides expertise with financial systems such as hyperion, strata, charge master, contracting, costing, edw, erp, etc. to perform duties.
3. coordinates the preparation and review of financial analysis, variance reports, and ad hoc reports. collects data from various intermountain healthcare data sources. coordinates with others in gathering information, scheduling processes, and communicating issues.
4. prepares financial analysis, variance reports, and ad hoc reports. works with internal customers to develop and prepare quantitative reports in using data sources to analyze clinical and operational issues.
5. performs tasks requiring more in-depth analysis to identify financial trends and economic and business forecasts of reporting outcomes and variances under moderate to minimum supervisory direction.
6. may coordinate and oversee data input or entry activities using knowledge of database structure and reporting capabilities.
7. may perform intermediate-level programming including designing, developing, and testing queries, programs, and automation procedures for collecting and reporting data using knowledge of spreadsheets and database software programs.
8. may create and maintain databases, using knowledge of database software, for collection and tracking of data as it relates to performance measurement.
posting specifics

benefits eligible: yes
shift details: full time exempt
department: corporate finance
additional details: may be hired at the financial analyst i or ii level.

minimum requirements (financial analyst i)

bachelor's degree in accounting, finance, or business. degree must be obtained through an accredited institution. education is verified.
this is an entry level role with no professional work experience required.

minimum requirements (financial analyst ii)

bachelor's degree in accounting, finance, or business with two years of professional experience conducting and evaluating routine financial analysis,or master's degree in accounting, finance, or business with less than two years of experience conducting and evaluating routine financial analysis. degree must be obtained through an accredited institution. education is verified.
experience using word processing, spreadsheet, database, internet and e-mail, and scheduling applications.
experience in a role requiring effective verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skills.

physical requirements

interact with others requiring the employee to communicate information.
operate computers and other office equipment requiring the ability to move fingers and hands.
see and read computer monitors and documents.
remain sitting or standing for long periods of time to perform work on a computer, telephone, or other equipment.

 preferred requirements

master’s degree.
experience in a role requiring effective project management skills, a high degree of accuracy, and sound decision making with limited supervision.
experience with peoplesoft, hyperion, smartview, or stratajazz.
sql query writing and tuning experience.
process improvement skills.
knowledge of healthcare finances and financial processes.
experience in a role with budgeting and finance tracking responsibilities.
experience using tableau and/or cognos.

 please note
all positions subject to close without notice. all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or protected veteran status.

additional details:

 

working hours      

40      



primary work location      

central offices      



expertise      

business / administration      



job type      

full time      



location      

us-ut-salt lake city      


































intermountain healthcare
2016



privacy policy


terms of use


website feedback







