








apply for american express analyst - credit risk oversight job - operations, risk management - salt lake city, utah
























skip to main content
















































toggle navigation






american express






life at american express
our company
career areas
student opportunities





careers home
search jobs
















 
 




american express careers







get future jobs matching this search.







 get alerts 




 please enter a valid email.
 unfortunately, our network is not responding. please try again later.
 your job alert was successfully created.






share this job


























analyst - credit risk oversight


locations:
salt lake city, utah




categories: operations


categories: risk management





apply


get referred



how get referred works

how get referred works

how get referred works




job description



the commercial credit review team provides oversight of all risk rating and underwriting decisions made within the institutional (commercial) portfolio at american express globally. the candidate will conduct independent portfolio monitoring and credit risk assessments, develop and maintain automated monitoring rules, review credit risk processes, and take part in projects that provide effective challenge to credit risk teams. 
this role requires that significant credit risk is properly evaluated and effectively communicated. the role enables exposure to a broad range of credit processes in risk management with the opportunity to work with and impact numerous diverse businesses at american express. the breadth of responsibilities in this role provides a great training ground for a candidate looking to understand the key principles of institutional credit risk management at american express.
detailed responsibilities include: 
·       design, implement, and maintain automated decision rules with objective to fully monitor credit risk processes.
·       assess adherence to credit policies and procedures.
·       provide effective challenge to rating and underwriting decisions and credit strategies proposed by first line credit risk management teams.
·       review relevant supporting financial and credit analysis and documentation.
·       collaboration with business unit risk teams to enhance decision processes or address major credit issues.
·       close and robust monitoring of portfolio risks trends, including industry-level monitoring.
 qualifications·       understanding of current macroeconomic trends and how to provide recommendations to improve the pd estimation based on the business cycle.
·       strong analytical skills and business acumen with a risk-reward control perspective.
·       successfully manage multiple priorities and stakeholders under pressure.
·       build collaborative, trusting relationships.
·       independently drive results as a self-starter.
·       excellent verbal and written communication skills.
·       experience with data manipulation tools (e.g.: sql, sas, hive/hadoop, r, python) is strongly preferred.
·       bachelor's degree in quantitative field required (e.g., finance, statistics, engineering, economics, or operations research); advanced degree (masters+) and/or progress towards cfa is a plus.
depending on factors such as business unit requirements, the nature of the position, cost and applicable laws, american express may provide visa sponsorship for certain positions.reqid: 17015017schedule (full-time/part-time): full-time






apply


get referred



how get referred works

how get referred works

how get referred works




 




contact us
manage your profile
manage your profile (students)
employees











adchoices
privacy statement
terms of service




american express is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, disability status, or any other status protected by law.
us candidates/employees: click here to view the “eeo is the law” poster and supplement and the pay transparency policy statement.

all users of our online services subject to privacy statement and agree to be bound by terms of service. please review.
© 2017 american express company. all rights reserved.






















