


careers center - sr. data analyst














































please enable cookies to continue
please enable cookies in your browser to experience all the personalized features of this site, including the ability to apply for a job.










returning candidate?

log back in!












sr. data analyst


job locations

us-ut-draper





category

technology






job description




progressive is blazing a path at the intersection of leasing and technology and we have an exciting new opening for a sr. data analyst in our draper, utah office. as a data analyst, you will draw business insights from data through complex analysis, mining, and visualization. you will learn to understand the nuances of progressive’s business and ensure that we capture, mine, and act on data related to our customers, our stores, and our operational and financial performance to drive business impact. you will leverage strong technical skills and creative thinking to solve problems and make quantitative decisions. you’ll work with cutting edge tools and products at the intersection of technology and business, and big data will become a way of life for you. most importantly, you’ll allow us to get unique and valuable insights that go beyond the obvious and help us achieve extraordinary results. what you'll do:create interactive data visualizations that allow the business leaders to react quickly to performance and market trends and make data-driven decisionsbuild and run models to determine optimal resource allocationanalyze transaction patterns to prevent fraudextract usable information from unstructured data using advanced data mining techniques minimum experience & qualifications: bachelor’s degree in a technical field (math, statistics, physics, computer science, engineering, etc.) from a prestigious educational institution5 + years of experience with data mining tools such as those found in r, sas, or pythonadvanced knowledge and experience with querying languages (sql, etc.)strong quantitative analytical abilitiestrack record of achieving business results through creative problem solving and careful implementation compensation, perks & benefits:competitive compensation full health benefits - medical/dental/vision401k, paid time off and tuition reimbursementfull service gym, game and lounge area, basketball courtfree healthy snacks and refreshmentssubsidized public transitfun and relaxed work environment who is progressive leasing?  founded in 1999, progressive leasing, a wholly-owned subsidiary of aaron’s inc. [nyse: aan], is a steadily growing company, already surpassing $1b in revenue. our scalable customer payment software products provides lease-purchase technology solutions through 16,000+ retail locations in 46 states. progressive leasing does not discriminate in any aspect of employment on the basis of race, color, religion, national origin, ancestry, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, age, veteran status, disability, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state, or local employment discrimination laws where progressive leasing does business. all new hires must pass a pre-employment criminal background check and drug test





options

apply for this job onlineapplyshareemail this job to a friendrefer


sorry the share function is not working properly at this moment. please refresh the page and try again later.

share on your newsfeed





application faqssoftware powered by icimswww.icims.com









