


        pl/sql/apex developer -        emagine it -         job board
    

























 






view our website



view all jobs








                                                                         emagine it                                                                        





thanks for visiting our job board. please review our open positions and apply to the positions that match your qualifications. 



pl/sql/apex developer


durham, nc                    

full time                

experienced                


















company overview
emagine it is an information technology consulting services company that specializes in delivering technology solutions to meet the needs of clients. our reputation reflects the high quality of the talented emagine it team and the consultants working for our clients. our mission is to understand and meet the needs of both our clients and consultants by delivering quality, value-added solutions. our solutions are designed and managed to not only reduce costs, but to improve business processes, accelerate response time, improve services to end users, and give our clients a competitive edge, now and into the future. as business systems integrators, we will align our clients’ business processes and information systems to enable them to access the right information at the right time, empowering them to achieve their desired business results and create enterprise value.
responsibilities and duties

creates and maintains table indexing, views, backups, sql server log reviews/error corrections, database creation and changes and scheduled replication of databases. 
owning, tracking and resolving database related incidents and requests, fulfilling requests and resolving incidents within slas, reviewing service related reports (e.g: database backups, maintenance, monitoring) on a daily basis to ensure service related issues are identified and resolved within established slas, responding to database related alerts and escalations and working with database engineering to come up with strategic solutions to recurring problems.
managing and resolving issues in alignment with the slas, establishing and maintaining communication with technology customers to keep them updated with status of their requests, initiating and performing changes on production systems and proactively escalating any issues that cannot be resolved within the established timeframes.

qualifications and skills

coldfusion 11, apache as our webserver, windows server 2008 r2, x64.  ability to utilize both virtual and
creates and maintains table indexing, views, backups, sql server log reviews/error corrections, database creation and changes and scheduled replication of databases.
owning, tracking and resolving database related incidents and requests, fulfilling requests and resolving incidents within slas, reviewing service related reports (e.g: database backups, maintenance, monitoring) on a daily basis to ensure service related issues are identified and resolved within established slas, responding to database related alerts and escalations and working with database engineering to come up with strategic solutions to recurring problems.
managing and resolving issues in alignment with the slas, establishing and maintaining communication with technology customers to keep them updated with status of their requests, initiating and performing changes on production systems and proactively escalating any issues that cannot be resolved within the established timeframes

6 years of sql server database administrator on the job experience. 


microsoft certified engineer.


bachelor’s degree in computer science or equivalent number of years of experience.


master’s degree in computer science desired.


preferred skills/knowledge

requirements management; data management; release management; sdlc and agile; expert knowledge of sql and knowledge of apex 4.x (at a minimum) and 5.x (preferred), coldfusion, oracle, data warehouse and business objects.

aap/eeo statement
qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability or protected veteran status.
other duties
please note this job description is not designed to cover or contain a comprehensive listing of activities, duties or responsibilities that are required of the employee for this job. duties, responsibilities, and activities may change at any time with or without notice.

read more



apply for position








            apply for this position        
required*



apply with linkedin







apply with indeed









first name*



last name*



email address*



address
















phone*



resume*

attach resume
                    or
                    paste resume



                        attach resume as .pdf, .doc, or .docx (limit 2mb) or
                        paste resume


 




                            paste your resume here or
                            attach resume file









cover letter



in 150 characters or fewer, tell us what makes you unique. try to be creative and say something that will catch our eye!

150


the following questions are entirely optional.

                        to comply with government equal employment opportunity / affirmative action reporting regulations, we are requesting (but not requiring) that you enter this personal data. this information will not be used in connection with any employment decisions, and will be used solely as permitted by state and federal law. your voluntary cooperation would be appreciated. learn more.
                    



gender

decline to answerfemalemale

 


race/ethnicity

decline to answerwhite (not hispanic)african american/black (not hispanic)hispanic/latinoasianpacific islanderamerican indiannative alaskannative hawaiianmulti-racial

 



invitation for job applicants to self-identify as a u.s. veteran


a “disabled veteran” is one of the following:
                                        
a veteran of the u.s. military, ground, naval or air service who is entitled to compensation (or who but for the receipt of military retired pay would be entitled to compensation) under laws administered by the secretary of veterans affairs; or
a person who was discharged or released from active duty because of a service-connected disability.


a “recently separated veteran” means any veteran during the three-year period beginning on the date of such veteran's discharge or release from active duty in the u.s. military, ground, naval, or air service.
an “active duty wartime or campaign badge veteran” means a veteran who served on active duty in the u.s. military, ground, naval or air service during a war, or in a campaign or expedition for which a campaign badge has been authorized under the laws administered by the department of defense.
an “armed forces service medal veteran” means a veteran who, while serving on active duty in the u.s. military, ground, naval or air service, participated in a united states military operation for which an armed forces service medal was awarded pursuant to executive order 12985.




veteran status

 i identify as one or more of the classifications of protected veteran listed above i am not a protected veteran i don’t wish to answer
		



voluntary self-identification of disability

                                voluntary self-identification of disability form cc-305
                                omb control number 1250-0005
                                expires 1/31/2020
                            

why are you being asked to complete this form?

because we do business with the government, we must reach out to, hire, and provide equal opportunity to qualified people with disabilities.i to help us measure how well we are doing, we are asking you to tell us if
                                    you have a disability or if you ever had a disability. completing this form is voluntary, but we hope that you will choose to fill it out. if you are applying for a job, any answer you give will be kept private and will not be used against you in any way.
if you already work for us, your answer will not be used against you in any way. because a person may become disabled at any time, we are required to ask all of our employees to update their information every five years. you may voluntarily self-identify as having a disability on this form without fear of any punishment because you did not identify as having a disability earlier.


how do i know if i have a disability?


you are considered to have a disability if you have a physical or mental impairment or medical condition that substantially limits a major life activity, or if you have a history or record of such an impairment or medical condition.
disabilities include, but are not limited to:

blindness
deafness
cancer
diabetes
epilepsy
autism
cerebral palsy
hiv/aids
schizophrenia
muscular dystrophy
bipolar disorder
major depression
multiple sclerosis (ms)
missing limbs or partially missing limbs
post-traumatic stress disorder (ptsd)
obsessive compulsive disorder
impairments requiring the use of a wheelchair
intellectual disability (previously called mental retardation)



please check one of the boxes below:




                                                yes, i have a disability (or previously had a disability)                                            


                                                no, i don’t have a disability                                            


                                                i don’t wish to answer                                            




you must enter your name and date







your name
today's date





reasonable accommodation notice


federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified individuals with disabilities. please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job or to perform your job. examples of reasonable accommodation include making a change to the application process or work procedures,
                                    providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment.

isection 503 of the rehabilitation act of 1973, as amended. for more information about this form or the equal employment obligations of federal contractors, visit the u.s. department of labor's office of federal contract compliance programs (ofccp) website at www.dol.gov/ofccp. 

public burden statement: according to the paperwork reduction act of 1995 no persons are required to respond to a collection of information unless such collection displays a valid omb control number. this survey should take about 5 minutes to complete.






submit application














×close
forward this position





recipient email address (one)



your name



your email address



enter a message (optional)
the message cannot contain links




human check*




















powered by















