



job application for technical service analyst at experticity






















          apply now
        
technical service analyst

        at experticity
      
(view all jobs)

        salt lake city, ut
      


experticity (www.experticity.com) - we work with hundreds of the world’s most respected consumer brands – companies like the north face, marmot, 5.11 tactical, reebok, arc'teryx, yeti and 600 plus more as well as retailers like dillard’s and cabela’s – to engage influential everyday experts, and to build, track and reward their helpful expertise.  
if you want to consider an adventure of a lifetime, then look no further. experticity is building the social network for helping people decide what to buy. we are connecting category experts with brands and their products because we believe experts help people make better buying decisions. experticity offers a variety of marketing solutions for consumer companies. 
we’re based in the heart of salt lake city, the new hub of disruptive innovation in the west. why drive hours to get to the slopes when you can get there in 25 minutes? longing for a short commute? do you want mountain living with crystal clear lakes and streams shared by diverse wildlife? or are you more of a desert explorer? love being in a thriving, historic downtown with awesome restaurants, bars, arts, and shopping, all walk-able? yep, we have all of that. and when you need to hop on a flight to visit friends and family, grab a direct flight to almost every major city from our international airport that’s just 10 minutes from downtown.
so let’s get down to the nitty gritty. we don’t want to think about day one, but day 365 and beyond. 
experticity is hiring a hungry, proactive technical service analyst. the technical services team provides a wide range of ecommerce and b2b services to experticity’s clients.  the technical services analyst is responsible for ensuring that all of the integration services are running smoothly; including working directly with clients to resolve technical issues, supporting data entry projects, and providing other platform support as needed.  a successful candidate will have moderate technical skills, experience with ecommerce or b2b integration software, strong problem-solving skills, and a proven history of learning new software systems.
responsibilities

provide support for existing client integrations
work with technical operations manager and product development to enhance existing processes
handle escalated ecommerce issues
formatting lists of multiple data points using excel
modifying data:  excel/webportal
process development - ability to identify and document new and existing process as it relates to your job  

qualifications and skills:

bachelor’s degree in information systems, business administration, or equivalent work experience
strong attention to detail
creative problem solving skills
excellent written and verbal communication skills
advanced excel skills
technical aptitude
1-2 years previous experience working with list of inventory or data in raw form

extra points if you have worked with:

flat files - csv, pipe delimited, and familiarity with mapping and modifying files
experience with direct client communication
experience with edi forms - specifically 850, 856, 810 documents
worked with sql - joins and basic query authoring specifically or willingness to learn

compensation 40-45k - local candidates only 
 
about experticity
experticity helps the world's largest community of influential category experts gain critical product expertise that translates into stronger sales, better shopping experiences and satisfied customers. through our services brands can identify and educate influential experts, foster first-hand product experience, and collect important retail insights on their brand and products. learn more at  https://www.experticity.com/business/.
 experticity is not accepting unsolicited assistance from search firms for this employment opportunity. all resumes submitted by search firms to any employee at experticity via-email, the internet or in any form and/or method without a valid written search agreement in place for this position will be deemed the sole property of experticity. no fee will be paid in the event the candidate is hired by experticity as a result of the referral or through other means.  experticity is an equal opportunity employer that makes employment decisions without regard to race, color, religious creed (including religious dress and grooming practices), national origin, ancestry, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding, and medical conditions related thereto), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity and expression, age (40 and older), mental or physical disability (including hiv and aids), medical condition (cancer and genetic characteristics), veteran status, citizenship, marital status, genetic information, or any other basis that is prohibited by applicable law.   the company also makes reasonable accommodations to applicants or employees with qualifying disabilities who request them and who otherwise meet the requirements of applicable law. if you would like to request an accommodation during the application process, please contact our director of recruiting.
 li-post 







apply for this job

* required
        


first name *



last name *



email *



phone



resume/cv


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 














cover letter


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 

















linkedin profile
    





website
    





how did you hear about this job?
    











 



share this job:    













powered by 

 
      read our privacy policy
















