

	available job opportunities




 











































 international acadamies of emergency dispatch, slcinstructional designermember services representative - processresearch analyst/statistician priority dispatch, salt lake city, utgraphic/multimedia assistantinstructional designer/technical writerinstructional writer/proofreader








  research analyst/statistician - international acadamies of emergency dispatch, slc  








job description
organization: international academies of emergency dispatch (iaed)the iaed is a premier research and standards-setting organization in the field of public safety and public health.  a major part of our mission is to conduct original research on emergency dispatch, emergency telecommunications, public health, public safety, emergency communication telephone nursing and telephone nurse triage, and ems response.  we work with public safety and public health professionals, including researchers, ems physician medical directors, fire, police and 911 center administrators in many countries around the world. iaed, through its research and informatics division has continued to publish studies in various respected high impact peer-reviewed scientific journals, including its own–the annals of emergency dispatch & response (aedr).  major responsibilitiesas we continue to expand the dispatch research agenda, we are seeking to recruit a full-time research analyst/statistician to participate in the design and production of dispatch research studies.  the successful candidate will spend the majority of his/her time (40 hours/week) working with a diverse team of iaed researchers and other stakeholders (such as dispatch agencies and healthcare providers, internationally) to design and conduct research studies, including analyzing dispatch data, interpreting findings and publishing.  specific responsibilities include:•    development of research study proposals and submission to the institutional review board (irb) for review and approval.•    design of data acquisition tools their implementation for data collection.•    use of structured query techniques (e.g., sqls, mysql) to manipulate data from large relational databases, involving dispatch datasets and other public health datasets.•    use of statistical analysis software (e.g., stata, r) to develop sophisticated analytics procedures to enable researchers achieve defined study hypotheses and objectives.•    collaboration with dispatch research teams to collect, analyze, and interpret study findings and produce publishable papers.•    use of data modeling techniques to develop predictive models to optimize the efficacy of medical, fire, and police dispatch protocols.•    support iaed’s clients/agencies and other stakeholders in their research and statistical requirements, as an when needed. •    lead and mentor junior research analytics/statistical staff.•    presenting research work at meetings and international conferences. academic and professional experience•    graduate educational background (ms minimum highly preferred) from an accredited university, with specialization/degree in public health, math, statistics, or informatics.•    at least one year of experience with medical, public health, or other clinical data—field experience in a healthcare or emergency setting preferred.•    proficiency with at least one analytical software such as stata, sas, spss, r, etc.•    proficiency with relational databases/database managementinterpersonal skills•    ability to work effectively with a research team and other stakeholders such as international dispatch agencies and healthcare providers.•    attention to detail•    self-motivated, able to work independently, under strict deadlines•    ability to communicate effectively with people from diverse backgrounds and in diverse fields. to applysubmit resume and salary requirements at http://www.speediarms.com/jobboard/default.aspx?customer=2ef569d6-b41d-4cd9-a1b3-ae5a67462da8 our company thanks all candidates for their interest; however, only those selected for an interview will be contacted.  no phone calls or drop-ins please.  our mission"to advance and support the public-safety emergency telecommunications professional and ensure that citizens in need of emergency, health, and social services are matched safely, quickly, and effectively with the most appropriate resource." the academyequal opportunity employer.  the international academies of emergency dispatch is based in the u.s. in downtown salt lake city, utah.  we offer a comprehensive benefits package including medical, dental, and matching 401k programs, etc.  www.emergencydispatch.org organizationthe iaed is a premier research and standards-setting organization in the field of public safety and public health.  a major part of our mission is to conduct original research on emergency dispatch, emergency telecommunications, public health, public safety, emergency communication telephone nursing and telephone nurse triage, and ems response.  we work with public safety and public health professionals, including researchers, ems physician medical directors, fire, police and 911 center administrators in many countries around the world. iaed also conducts research and provides training and education for dispatch professionals in several disciplines. equal employment opportunity employerclick here to view the federal eeo poster:http://www1.eeoc.gov/employers/upload/eeoc_self_print_poster.pdf 


















 rss feed


                  
                










wednesday, december 13, 2017



















