







senior data analyst - epic games - careers






















this is going to be epic!
















already applied for a position with us?
log in
register




senior data analyst

cary, north carolina, united states
apply now

overviewfor over 25 years, epic games has been making award-winning games and game engine technology that empowers others to make visually stunning games and 3d content that brings environments to life like never before. epic’s award-winning unreal engine technology not only provides game developers the ability to build high-fidelity, interactive experiences for pc, console, mobile, and vr, it is also a tool being embraced by content creators across a variety of industries such as media and entertainment, automotive, and architectural design.  as we continue to build our engine technology and develop remarkable games, we strive to build teams of world-class talent. epic games is looking for a senior data analyst to join our growing team. in this role, you'll directly contribute to improving the unreal engine and gaming experience for both our developers and players. if you are an avid gamer and currently working as an analyst, this may be the job for you! the primary objective of the position is understanding user behavior and providing insights so that epic can create the best possible products. in this role, you will take initiative and work autonomously in a fast-paced environment.  the person in this role will be responsible for the following:building a deep understanding of our products and become the de-facto expert on all analytics data collectedworking with publishing and design to document hypothesis/questions that we want to validate/answerworking closely with engineers to define requirements for what analytics events we need to capturehelping to define and build etl processes for getting data into a form used by analysis and dashboardsperforming in-depth analysis of said data to provide insights to the publishing, development, teams and other stakeholdersdocumenting requirements, develop, and deliver both written reports with analysis and charts on a dashboardtaking accountability for the quality of data coming out of our products the ideal candidate will have a mix of the qualifications below:previous professional experience as an analystskilled in hive and pythonexperience creating etl processes for converting raw data into data useful for analyticsstrong written and verbal communication skillspassion for both video games and analyticspreference to applications with experience in machine learning, c++, sumologic, tableau, or pigthis is going to be epic!  #li1

apply now
connect with facebook
connect with linkedin
back to job list





benefits ::
epic games offers an outstanding benefits package to eligible employees:

epic paid medical and dental insurance for employees and dependents
epic paid life, accidental death & dismemberment and long term disability insurance
401(k) plan with generous match and profit sharing
vacation and sick leave are unlimited (with approval)
7 paid holidays (and we're closed the week between christmas and new year's day)
flexible work hours

note: the benefits listed here are for our domestic locations, international locations have various benefits in accordance with local labor laws and cultural norms.












©2004-2017, epic games, inc. all rights reserved. epic, epic games, the epic games logo, unreal, unreal engine, unreal tournament, and the unreal tournament 3 logo are trademarks or registered trademarks of epic games, inc. in the united states of america and elsewhere. other brands or product names are the trademarks of their respective owners.
learn about epic's game engine, unreal engine.

privacy noticeterms of use





