


davis vision job postings















					
					analyst; data reporting - san antonio tx - (os11522)
				




									job requisition id:
								

									os11522
								



								job title:
							

								
								analyst; data reporting - san antonio tx 
							



									job type:
								

									full-time
								



								location:
							

								san antonio, tx 
							



									post date:
								

									11/14/2017
								



									shift:
								

									1st shift






























 



job description:

davis vision is a privately-held, for-profit holding company with a portfolio of vision companies quickly growing with the opportunities you need to excel in your career. headquartered in san antonio, texas, davis vision and its affiliates, make up one of the largest managed vision care companies in the united states. we are leaders with vertically integrated care solutions. at davis vision, every employee strives to create the best possible customer experience.

join our team and be a part of our company mission to lead with integrated vision care solutions.

davis vision is currently hiring for a top notch individual to office in san antonio tx for the position of data reporting analyst. the data reporting analyst sources, compiles, interprets and reconciles key business financial, operational and statistical data, and generates a variety of value-added reports for senior-level executives, internal customers and external clients. work with departmental leadership to adhere to overall business process, approach, and discipline of reporting and analysis within the business unit.
 
summary of responsibilities:

ensure the timely and accurate generation of all corporate internal/external reporting, promote consistency and standardization amongst the various types of reports and databases, and manage the various reporting tools utilized by davis vision. 
analyze, interpret and report financial and operational performance trends from various channels & departments, identifying areas performing outside of expected results (i.e. missed pgs). 
develop efficiencies to consolidate and increase the effectiveness of reporting, and maintain departmental reports used internally and externally. 
participate in the development of data warehouses, data stores and other supplemental reporting enhancements, including the creation of new reporting templates and analytical reports. 
reconcile outbound data files against supporting detail (i.e., billing invoice data)

education:
•       preferred bachelor's degree in related field or equivalent combination or experience and education 
 
experience & background:

one to three (3) years of related experience 
experience in defining, developing, and testing reports using ms access, ms excel, sql, adobe acrobat, business objects, crystal reports or similar query language is preferred. 
prior experience with government programs preferred. 

if you are prohibited from working on a government contract, this may disqualify you from consideration for this position.
 
davis vision provides equal employment opportunities (eeo) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religious beliefs, sex, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, national origin, ancestry, physical or mental disability or history of disability, genetic information, status as a protected veteran or disabled veteran, or any other status protected by federal, state or local law. 












