
















data technician/analyst - ft. sam houston, tx - charles f. day & associates, llc jobs









 















home
jobs






data technician/analyst 

search jobslogin 






data technician/analyst

  - fort sam houston full time  medical, dental, vision, 401k, pto




email me this job


charles f. day & associates, is currently seeking individuals interested in a contingent data technician/data analyst position at joint base san antonio-fort sam houston. this position is contingent upon contract award.
location: joint base san antonio-fort sam houston, tx.
clearance requirement: tier 1 investigation/national agency check with inquiries
minimum education: associates degree
summary: collect and analyze various types of data, create and maintain databases and develop metrics based off collected data. the data technicians shall provide comprehensive support to both the evaluation and accreditation offices within the standards and evaluation (stan/eval) section and shall interface with a variety of medical education and training campus (metc) staff and faculty to collect necessary data.  provide management and professional services, to include accomplish data analysis and lessons learned development, draft reports, and supplement metc faculty and staff's knowledge and expertise in the area of institutional and programmatic accreditations
 
position duties:

collect, analyze and evaluate accreditation, affiliation and quality assurance data.
create trend reports concerning data collected and make recommendations based on results.
develop various types of databases to store and retrieve accreditation, affiliation and quality assurance data.
assist stan/eval personnel with creating metrics, metric presentations and reports.
examine problem areas and identify solutions.
rely on analytical skills to include mathematics and statistics to plan and accomplish goals.
develop processes to improve the effectiveness of current stan/eval operational activities.
work with information management/ information technology and other metc departments on processes to streamline data collection.
perform data entry using word processing, spreadsheets or database commands and formats material as required.
prepare graphic exhibits using software for presentations and agendas.
create data directories/subdirectories for file and report generation retrieval purposes.
maintain paper or digital files and retrieve reports upon request.
interact with departmental and other staff on matters affecting data and make recommendations for improvement or enhancement to job processes to ensure standards and data entry collection and retrieval.
support stan/eval personnel with acquiring data needed for accreditation or affiliation site visits.
assist stan/eval staff with data to develop goals, objectives and strategic plan.
provide graphical data to demonstrate trends and other statistical data to user-level as well as senior executives.
make recommendations to department personnel and provide continuous process improvement to standards and evaluation.

 
knowledge and qualifications:

proficient in the basic microsoft office suite (word, excel and powerpoint) and familiarity with adobe acrobat professional is preferred.
3-5 year experience
experience working with the usaf and/or metc is a plus

special preference given to candidates who live in a hub zoned area.
our company is an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, protected veteran or disability status    eoe/m/f/vet/disabled

charles f. day & associates, llc
https://cfday.hirecentric.com






apply now







you have javascript disabled on your browser. you will not be able to apply for this position without enabling javascript. if you need assistance with enabling javascript, please click here for assistance.










* fields are required


about you:















contact info:
















cell*
home
work





location info:













country*united statescanadaaustralianew zealandunited kingdomafghanistanaland islandsalbaniaalgeriaamerican samoaandorraangolaanguillaantarcticaantigua and barbudaargentinaarmeniaarubaasia/pacific regionaustriaazerbaijanbahamasbahrainbangladeshbarbadosbelarusbelgiumbelizebeninbermudabhutanboliviabosnia and herzegovinabotswanabouvet islandbrazilbritish indian ocean territorybrunei darussalambulgariaburkina fasoburundicambodiacamerooncape verdecayman islandscentral african republicchadchilechinachristmas islandcocos (keeling) islandscolombiacomoroscongocongo  the democratic republic of thecook islandscosta ricacote d'ivoirecroatiacubacyprusczech republicdenmarkdjiboutidominicadominican republicecuadoregyptel salvadorequatorial guineaeritreaestoniaethiopiaeuropefalkland islands (malvinas)faroe islandsfijifinlandfrancefrance  metropolitanfrench guianafrench polynesiafrench southern territoriesgabongambiageorgiagermanyghanagibraltargreecegreenlandgrenadaguadeloupeguamguatemalaguernseyguineaguinea-bissauguyanahaitiheard island and mcdonald islandsholy see (vatican city state)hondurashong konghungaryicelandindiaindonesiairan  islamic republic ofiraqirelandisle of manisraelitalyjamaicajapanjerseyjordankazakhstankenyakiribatikorea  democratic people's republic ofkorea  republic ofkuwaitkyrgyzstanlao people's democratic republiclatvialebanonlesotholiberialibyan arab jamahiriyaliechtensteinlithuanialuxembourgmacaomacedoniamadagascarmalawimalaysiamaldivesmalimaltamarshall islandsmartiniquemauritaniamauritiusmayottemexicomicronesia  federated states ofmoldova  republic ofmonacomongoliamontenegromontserratmoroccomozambiquemyanmarnamibianaurunepalnetherlandsnetherlands antillesnew caledonianicaraguanigernigerianiuenorfolk islandnorthern irelandnorthern mariana islandsnorwayomanotherpakistanpalaupalestinian territorypanamapapua new guineaparaguayperuphilippinespitcairnpolandportugalpuerto ricoqatarreunionromaniarussian federationrwandasaint bartelemeysaint helenasaint kitts and nevissaint luciasaint martinsaint pierre and miquelonsaint vincent and the grenadinessamoasan marinosao tome and principesaudi arabiasenegalserbiaserbia and montenegroseychellessierra leonesingaporeslovakiasloveniasolomon islandssomaliasouth africasouth georgia and the south sandwich islandsspainsri lankasudansurinamesvalbard and jan mayenswazilandswedenswitzerlandsyrian arab republictaiwantajikistantanzania  united republic ofthailandtimor-lestetogotokelautongatrinidad and tobagotunisiaturkeyturkmenistanturks and caicos islandstuvaluugandaukraineunited arab emiratesunited states minor outlying islandsuruguayuzbekistanvanuatuvenezuelavietnamvirgin islands  britishvirgin islands  u.s.wallis and futunawestern saharayemenzambiazimbabwe 



state*other 












apply for this position











sign up for job alerts










share this page














 


 


							applicant tracking software by exacthire
 - © 2017 -
												local time is 13-dec-2017 08:16 pm						job map  
 
 
 











