














career opportunities: embedded softwaredevelopment engineer (7623) 


























javascript is turned off in your web browser. turn it on to take full advantage of this site, then refresh the page.

loading...






powered by successfactors




                              sign in













career opportunities: embedded softwaredevelopment engineer (7623)




















req id 7623 - posted 11/16/2017 - experienced - engineering - regular - united states - north carolina - city (2)



 &nbspjob description print preview









	                  apply
	                 
	         	 
              




                  apply using linkedin™
                 
               
              







	                  save job
	                





	                  email job to friend
	                





                  return to list
                







 



 
analog devices (nasdaq: adi) designs and manufactures semiconductor products and solutions. we enable our customers to interpret the world around us by intelligently bridging the physical and digital worlds with unmatched technologies that sense, measure and connect.
 
as a critical member of the team, the candidate will participate and add value in all phases of product development, actively participating in feasibility, requirement, architecture, design, implementation, integration, and verifications. you will be positioned within a multi-site development team and will be working closely with system, analog, digital, verification, and customer application teams to deliver embedded software as part of rfic transceiver products.
 
qualifications:   
ideal candidate will hold an ms in electrical or computer engineering with minimum 7 years of experience developing software in embedded multi-threaded environment.  additionally, they will have demonstrated:
►strong c/c++ programming skills
►experience with embedded platforms & embedded software development paradigms
►experience with embedded real-time operating systems
►ability to work in distributed development environment
►hands on experience integrating, building, and testing of multi-thread based applications
►in-depth knowledge of software development life cycle, software configuration management tools, and software release process
►experience with scm tools (git, svn, clearcase, perforce, etc.)
►strong analytical and problem-solving abilities
►experience with defect tracking tools (jira, svn, etc.)
►customer-facing experience is also desired, as this position may be dealing directly with customers and/or partners
►strong communication skills as they will be developing requirements and design documents 
 
preferred skills:
►strong working knowledge of a software development process (e.g. agile, waterfall)
►demonstrated knowledge of a scripting language (python, perl)
►demonstrated knowledge of rf systems
►demonstrated knowledge of digital signal processing (dsp) and algorithm development experience
►demonstrated knowledge of 3gpp standards  
 
 
 
for positions requiring access to technical data, analog devices, inc. may have to obtain export  licensing approval from the u.s. department of commerce - bureau of industry and security and/or the u.s. department of state - directorate of defense trade controls.  as such, applicants for this position – except us citizens, us permanent residents, and protected individuals as defined by 8 u.s.c. 1324b(a)(3) – may have to go through an export licensing review process.
 
analog devices, inc. is an equal opportunity employer minorities/females/vet/disability
 
eeo is the law: notice of applicant rights under the law
 
education level: master's degree 
travel required: yes, 10% of the time






 









	                  apply
	                 
	           	
              




                  apply using linkedin™
                 
              
              







	                  save job
	                





	                  email job to friend
	                





                  return to list
                






















email this job to a friend





 








 


 



the job has been sent to
          


 



please provide the information below



job title:
        




*your email address:
        




*your friend's email address:
        



message:
        
         






verification code:
        





*please enter the verification code here:
        














send
            




cancel
            



















