


rackspace jobs/careers - data scientist v in san antonio, texas, united states


































































are you a racker?
locations
culture
benefits
stories
jobs





join us!










view all jobs





are you a racker?locationsculturebenefitsstoriesjobs










								are you a racker?
							








								always ready, always accountable, always helpful 
							







being a racker means thinking about support in new and different ways. major hayden, principal architect, talks about how rackspace has redefined service.
read more












								are you a racker?
							








								serious about your work, but don't take yourself too seriously
							







delivering results-obsessed customer service in a highly technical, competitive industry is serious business. rackers also enjoy cutting up and having a good time together.
read more












								are you a racker?
							








								a cloud enthusiast with a heart for service
							







rackers are experts at building great products for our customers.  egle sigler, who is a principal engineer and rackspace board of director for openstack, shares how rackspace helps her tap into her passion for technology and service to deliver her best for customers.
read more












								are you a racker?
							








								dedicated to making a positive impact
							







tony campbell, learning and development director, shares that finding opportunities to make things better for our customers and industry drives rackers to excel.
read more












								are you a racker?
							








								committed to learning, growing & innovating
							







distinguished engineer and lead architect for open compute, aaron sullivan, explains that at rackspace innovation makes technology useful in really natural ways.
read more












								are you a racker?
							








								mission inspired, values grounded, culture focused
							







courtney skarda, vp of racker experience shares how rackers bring their strengths and true, authentic selves to work every day to achieve our mission.
read more









		rackspace one of best workplaces for millennials     read more





		connect: 
		











            
                
                    rackspace jobs/careers
                
            
        






where

city, state, country


what

job title, keywords











home

            view all jobs
            
(229)












rackspace


data scientist v in
            
san antonio, texas








job overview
overview & responsibilities
works to transform large stores of data into business value by discovering, interpreting, and communicating data trends.  collects and pre-processes data for analysis.  applies data mining, statistical analysis, and modeling techniques to isolate and visualize patterns.  presents results in a
job complexity:
establishes and drives new and innovative solutions.  provides strategic technical leadership.  oversees management of multiple projects.  takes responsibility for technical readiness of cross functional projects of the highest complexity.  oversees data collection, statistical analysis, visualization, and modeling.  works at a high level with other engineering teams to ensure project continuity and quality.  develops new test methodologies.  fosters positive working relationships with internal/external stakeholder and partner groups, including executive leaders and vendors.  acts as primary point of contact for owned projects.  creates industry-level technical documentation.  leads presentations.  develops curriculum for technical training and trains others on teaching the material.  mentors lower level team members.
qualifications
knowledge/skills/ability:

exceptional proficiency in statistical analysis, quantitative analytics, and optimization algorithms.
excellent fluency with relational databases and sql.
expertise in r in addition to at least one of the following: python, java, c++.  comprehensive knowledge of big data technologies such as hadoop, map reduce, and hive.
superior technical knowledge as well as demonstrated problem-solving, analytical, and troubleshooting abilities.
expertise in several of the following: data visualization, statistics, data mining, modeling, programming, big data.
consummate knowledge of rackspace internal operations, structure, and systems with an aptitude for driving improvement in these areas.
excellent knowledge of product development life cycle and the ability to develop new test methodologies.
strategic knowledge of the hosting industry, an understanding of how related technologies are used in hosting and cloud, and an ability to determine where technologies fit within rackspace.
outstanding presentation skills.  ability to develop training curriculum for a given domain and train others on how to teach the curriculum.

experience/education:  bachelor’s degree in mathematics, statistics, computer science, or related field required.  advanced degree preferred.  7+ years of work experience in hands-on data analysis and programming with some management experience.
physical demands:  general office environment.  may require long periods sitting and viewing a computer monitor.  moderate levels of stress may occur at times.  no special physical demands required.
req # 37162
location(s) us-tx-san antonio
category openstack private cloud









apply now





apply now


share















current search criteria




              data scientist v
            



              san antonio
            



              texas
            

clear all















are you a racker?locationsculturebenefitsstories





rackspace is committed to offering equal employment opportunity without regard to age, color, disability, gender, gender identity, genetic information, marital status, status, military status, national origin, race, religion, sexual orientation, veteran status, or any other legally protected characteristic.

about rackspace  |  investors  |  careers  |  privacy statement  |  website terms  |  trademarks  |  sitemap




























