





operations analyst - san antonio, tx - dhl supply chain (southwest) jobs









 














home
jobs




operations analyst - san antonio, tx

toggle navigation








operations analyst 

jobslogin 











 carrier san antonio san antonio, tx, usa $17.50 hourly full time 

 medical, dental, vision, 401(k), short-term disability, life insurance


email me similar jobs email me this job



the operations analyst assists in data entry and general support of operations such as inventory and quality.  assists users with system questions or problems related to inventory.  reporting and data analysis with ms excel experience (intermediate).
dhl supply chain is part of the supply chain division of deutsche post dhl group, the world's leading logistics and mail communications company, with over 325,000 people in practically every country on the planet.
and yet they all have one important thing in common:
the customer.
that's because logistics drives our world, but people are what connect it. delivering service, quality and sustainability, every single day to every single customer, is how we're able to bring people together and make a difference to their lives.
we are looking for people ready to help us achieve our vision to become the supply chain solutions company for the world.  we hope you will consider how you can be a part of it.
our facility in san antonio, tx, is now hiring a full-time operations analyst. 
responsibilities for operations analyst:

resolves customer complaints by identifying problems and assists in developing the appropriate corrective action.
ensures order processing procedures facilitate seamless operation between departments and/or other branch offices.
basic troubleshooting of rf and vmt devices, laser and label printers.
demonstrates professional etiquette and courtesy when interfacing with customers. 
complies with and adheres to all regulatory compliance areas, policies and procedures, and "best practices."
performs other related duties as directed by supervisor.

 requirements for operations analyst:

associate's degree or high school equivalent with 1-3 years experience in transportation/warehousing desired.
demonstrated organizational, decision making, multi-tasking, and analytical skills.
excellent written, verbal, and interpersonal communication skills.
excellent organizational, time-management, and project management skills. 
good computer skills. 
1-2 years experience working with ms office suite.
experience working with red prairie.

pre-employment drug screening and background check is required. this employer participates in e-verify.
benefits
dhl supply chain offers competitive salary and full benefits including medical, dental and vision insurance and 401(k) participation with company matching for all full time associates.  
we are looking forward to your application

dhl supply chain (southwest)
https://dhlsupplychainsw.applicantpool.com






apply now



you have javascript disabled on your browser. you will not be able to apply for this position without enabling javascript. if you need assistance with enabling javascript, please click here for assistance.





 

* fields are required




what is your full name?




first name



last name





how can we contact you?


email





phone number



number type

home
cell
work







apply for this position
apply for this position







sign up for job alerts!








share this page















 


 


maintained by applicantpool - © 2017



refresh




 
 
 
 














