


















senior developer - reporting & analytics























tesoro on linkedin 


tesoro on twitter





home


working at tesoro


featured careers

accounting & finance
commercial
engineering
environmental, health & safety & security
information technology
logistics
marketing & retail
other corporate functions
refinery operations
students & recent graduates
view all opportunities



benefits


students & recent graduates














search by keyword






share this job






















email similar jobs to me
please enable javascript to subscribe.









join with linkedin







join with facebook







join now





email  





please wait...














senior developer - reporting & analytics

apply now »

apply now 




start apply with linkedin







start apply with facebook







apply now





email  





please wait...







date: 
dec 9, 2017
                


location: 
san antonio, tx, us


company: 
tesoro companies inc.




    requisition id: 61361
  

summary: 


    this position is responsible for enhancing and developing moderately complex reports, dashboards and visualizations using various business intelligence tools in reporting and analytics tool set. partnering with solution architects, business analysts and end users to gather & document requirements, develop technical design, develop & test target solution for production deployment, and assist application support team in issue resolution.
  

responsibilities:



      coordinates with business analyst and other it departments to design, develop, implement, enhance, and maintain moderately complex dashboards and visualizations and adheres to tesoro’s development standards, guidelines, and best practices.
    

      works closely with business users to understand business processes and document requirements to design technical solutions.
    

      coordinates technical aspects of operations such as solving production problems, making enhancements to existing functionality, and fixes bugs in the application.
    

      collaborate and partner with solution architects and other developers to exchange ideas for better overall architecture, solutions and best practices
    

      develops proto-types and presents to stakeholders as solution options as well as for purposes of introducing new technologies and development techniques in the environment.
    

      develops test plans and executes testing (unit and integration), resolves defects, and documents results.
    

      identifies, researches, and resolves production support issues as assigned and provides recommendations to management, customers, and peers.
    

      develops training materials, support documentation, and provides end user training within the scope of responsibility.
    


requirements:



      minimum 5+ years of diversified information technology experience required.
    

      minimum bachelor’s degree in computer science, management information systems or business administration required.
    

      minimum 3+ years of experience in building moderately complex data models, reports, and dashboards from various structured and unstructured data sources including excel, sql server, teradata, sap hana, salesforce, sap bw, web, odata and more
    

      minimum 3+ years of experience in dashboard and visualization tools such as microsoft powerbi, sap lumira and other
    

      minimum 3+ years of experience in databases such as sql server, oracle, sap hana
    

      experience in sap erp, sap bw, and sap hana is preferred
    

      experience in oil & gas industry experience is preferred
    

      knowledge of plc methodology, hp alm, servicenow
    

      basic knowledge of sap erp and sap bi technology is preferred
    


    andeavor, formerly tesoro, is a premier refining, marketing and logistics company in the mid-continent and western united states. our company operates 10 refineries with a combined capacity of approximately 1.2 million barrels per day, an extensive logistics network, and a retail-marketing system that includes approximately 3,100 retail stations marketed under multiple well-known fuel brands. we employ more than 13,000 talented people.
  

    our strength lies in our investment in employees and in their future. we measure success not only by the products we bring to our customers, or the financial results we deliver to our shareholders, but also by remaining true to our core values of safety and environmental stewardship, respect and integrity.
  

    discover your strengths and invest in your future by applying today.
  

    employees must be able to perform the essential functions of the job with or without reasonable accommodation.
  

    equal opportunity employer: vet / disability
  



    posting notes:  || san antonio || texas || united states (us) || sf:li-jr-2 || |information technology || 78259 ||
  


nearest major market: san antonio
                    
                

job segment: 
analytics, data analyst, erp, data warehouse, database, management, data, technology
                    





apply now »

apply now 




start apply with linkedin







start apply with facebook







apply now





email  





please wait...











find similar jobs: 

technology jobs in san antonio at tesoro,
sap jobs in san antonio at tesoro,
information systems jobs in san antonio at tesoro,
erp jobs in san antonio at tesoro,
data jobs in san antonio at tesoro





sign in
we noticed that you are already a member of our talent community. please enter your password to continue.


email*  not you?
password* 
forgot password?
* required field
submit cancel



account verification
we noticed you have accounts in our “talent community" and “application" systems. we take security seriously and need to verify your identity to synchronize your accounts.


account email:



please follow these steps to synchronize your accounts.


1. reset your password:



                                        the "reset password" link will open in a new browser window. return to this page to enter your new password.
                                    


click here to reset your password




2. enter your new password here:










submit cancel



account verification

your accounts have been successfully synchronized. use your new password when accessing our systems.

confirm



already a member
you are already a user of this site. please sign in.


email*  not you?

password* 
forgot password?
* required field
sign in cancel



start your application



existing users


email*

password*

forgot password?




new users
create a new account now!

start your application
receive email updates
join our talent community




sign in 

create


* required field


create profile




                    working...

next »








home
tsocorp.com
top job searches
view all jobs
socialmatchermobile


having technical issues
privacy policy
manage/edit profile



if you require a reasonable accommodation for any part of the application process, please contact the tesoro hr department at talentacquisition@tsocorp.com. note that we review resumes and applications only for posted positions.

            an equal opportunity employer
            tesoro will take the necessary action to ensure that applicants are treated without regard to their race, color, religion, sex, age, disability status, national origin, sexual orientation, genetic information, gender identity, protected veteran status or other protected status under applicable employment law. access eeo is the law poster











































