





credit risk analyst job in phoenix, az at usaa
























































career center

about usaa
career areas
locations
military
university
life @ usaa
returning applicants













































risk-compliance-audit jobs at usaa











careers
/

search jobs



risk-compliance-audit jobs



risk management jobs



        
    credit risk analyst

    








credit risk analyst job

apply now

job number: r0015013


locations:

                    phoenix, az
                

                    san antonio, tx
                

date posted: 2017-12-05
full job title: lead credit risk analyst 
job family: risk-compliance-audit 
 

purpose of jobmeasures, monitors, and analyzes historical trends and external factors impacting the credit risk exposure for loan products. develops detailed analysis, utilizing sophisticated analytical and financial modeling and statistical techniques to predict, evaluate and manage the credit risk across various loan portfolios. assesses lending product/portfolio performance specific to credit loss and financial elements. accountable for achieving business objectives and results.we are currently seeking talented credit risk analyst lead for our san antonio, tx and phoenix, az facility.job requirementsperforms complex and often unique work assignments and problem resolution.anticipates opportunities and potential solutions, and leads team through the problem resolution process.acquires and applies expert knowledge of the business, its products, and processes.directs analyses, root cause identification, and development and recommendation of key work products to mitigate associated risk or leverage potential business advantages.accountable for achieving business objectives and results; provides guidance to cross-functional team members to ensure goal achievement and team success.recognizes and leads the development and implementation of appropriate credit risk strategies.serves as a subject matter expert for product segmentation and credit loss activities.minimum requirementsbachelor's degree or 4 additional years of related experience beyond the minimum required8 or more years of related experience and accountability for complex tasks and/or projects*qualifications may warrant placement in a different job level.*when you apply for this position, you will be required to answer some initial questions. this will take approximately 5 minutes. once you begin the questions you will not be able to finish them at a later time and you will not be able to change your responses.preferred6 years experience building and designing  systemic functional rulesapplies expert analytical knowledge to assess losses across multiple delinquent lending products and identify strategy opportunities to mitigate as well as improve operational effectivenesstranslates results into meaningful solutions to enhance decision making and implements changes into adaptive control and technology solutionsadvanced knowledge of data analysis tools including skills to develop analysis queries and procedures in sql, sas, or other business intelligencethe above description reflects the details considered necessary to describe the principal functions of the job and should not be construed as a detailed description of all the work requirements that may be performed in the job.at usaa our employees enjoy one of the best benefits packages in the business, including a flexible business casual or casual dress environment, comprehensive medical, dental and vision plans, along with wellness and wealth building programs. additionally, our career path planning and continuing education will assist you with your professional goals.relocation assistance is available for this position.for internal candidates:must complete 12 months in current position (from date of hire or date of placement), or must have manager’s approval prior to posting.last day for internal candidates to apply to the opening is 12/11/17 by 11:59 pm cst time.

apply now





join our talent network


back to top















frequently asked questions















corporate info & media
news center
privacy
careers
accessibility
contact us
site map
faqs
site terms





                    copyright ©2017 usaa.
                

                    usaa is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer and gives consideration for employment to qualified
                    applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, genetic information,
                    sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, pregnancy, veteran status or any other legally protected
                    characteristic. if you'd like more information about your eeo rights as an applicant under the law, please click here.
                    for usaa’s affirmative action and eeo statement, please click here. furthermore, usaa makes hiring decisions compliant with the fair chance initiative for hiring ordinance (lamc 189.00).
                

                    usaa provides equal opportunity to qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans. usaa will provide
                    reasonable accommodation when requested to enable completion of the online employment inquiry form or, if desired,
                    an alternative method of inquiry. if you need a reasonable accommodation, please email humanresources@usaa.com
                    for assistance.
                

                    usaa means united services automobile association and its insurance, banking, investment and other companies.
                    banks member fdic. investments provided by usaa investment management company and usaa financial advisors inc.,
                    both registered broker dealers.
                

                    did 205814 - 0514
                








