





quant risk analyst i - data solutions job in san antonio, tx at usaa
























































career center

about usaa
career areas
locations
military
university
life @ usaa
returning applicants













































risk-compliance-audit jobs at usaa











careers
/

search jobs



risk-compliance-audit jobs



risk management jobs



        
    quant risk analyst i - data solutions

    








quant risk analyst i - data solutions job

apply now

job number: r0014088

location: 



                        san antonio, tx
78288,united states
                


date posted: 2017-11-14
full job title: quant risk analyst i - data solutions 
job family: risk-compliance-audit 
 

purpose of jobthe quantitative risk analyst i (data solutions) conducts and develops quantitative and analytic models, assessments and/or applications in support of risk management efforts that assess the market and identify risks and gaps in existing or proposed processes. applies diverse methodologies and deep experience in a variety of disciplines to identify and solve complex and/or undefined risk problems. works with leadership to remediate gaps and improvements identified between existing practices and regulatory requirements. leads and executes complex initiatives and cross functional teams within the chief risk office and across the enterprise that drive problem resolution. leverages broad enterprise knowledge and/or expert knowledge of core business discipline(s), products and processes. specific job overview*applies expert analytical knowledge to utilize advanced analytics to assess future risk and/or new risks, opportunities, and effectiveness. translates results into meaningful solutions to enhance decision making. presents findings to senior level leadership.*applies expert knowledge and industry best practices to quantify risk and aggregate exposures. develops complex systems and programs that measure aggregate risk exposures.*performs model validations and presents results to senior leadership*applies innovative and scientific/quantitative analytical approaches to draw conclusions and make recommendations to answer business objectives and drive change. translates recommendations into communication materials to effectively present to senior leadership. recommendations typically have a major impact on business results. provides subject matter expertise in operationalizing recommendations.*applies expert knowledge to produce advanced analytical material to lead discussions with cross-functional teams and senior leadership to understand complex business objectives and influence solution strategies. demonstrates thought leadership in cross functional team environments.*drives and creates cross functional teams in support of initiatives that have significant impact to the enterprise or a core business area. provides direction and mentorship to other team members in the peer review process.*expertly communicates analytical results, findings and solutions to governance committees and business process owners and influences business analysis.we are currently seeking a talented quantitative risk analyst i - data solutions for our san antonio, tx facility.the quantitative risk analyst i conducts and develops quantitative and analytic models, assessments and/or applications in support of risk management efforts that assess the market and identify risk and gaps in existing or proposed processes.  applies diverse methodologies and deep experience in a variety of disciplines to identify and solve complex and/or undefined risk problems. works with leadership to remediate gaps and improvements identified between existing practices and regulatory requirements.job requirementsutilizes advanced analytics to assess future risk, opportunities, and effectiveness. translates results into meaningful solutions to enhance decision making. may present findings to various levels of leadership.utilizes industry best practices to quantify risk and aggregate exposures. develops complex systems and programs that measure aggregate risk exposures.may engage in model validation and/or produce model validation reports.applies innovative and scientific/quantitative analytical approaches to draw conclusions and make recommendations to answer business objectives and drive change using developed knowledge. may translate recommendations into communication materials to effectively present to colleagues for peer review and management.produces advanced analytical material for discussions with cross-functional teams to understand complex business objectives and influence solution strategies.communicates analytical results, findings and solutions to governance committees and business process owners and influences business analysis. may create statistical reporting and financial analysis to forecast results for required stress test scenarios. analyzes and challenges stress testing results and partners with relevant functions to validate those results.minimum requirements bachelor's degree in economics, statistics, mathematics, actuarial sciences or other quantitative discipline or 4 additional years of related experience beyond the minimum required may be substituted in lieu of a degree and 4 or more years related quantitative analysis experience in a discipline relevant to risk management to include statistical analysis, modeling, mathematics or other quantitative discipline or advanced degree/designation in economics, statistics, mathematics, actuarial sciences, or other quantitative discipline and 2+ years work experience in a quantitative discipline relevant to risk management  or phd in economics, statistics, mathematics, or other quantitative discipline.*qualifications may warrant placement in a different job level.*when you apply for this position, you will be required to answer some initial questions. this will take approximately 5 minutes. once you begin the questions you will not be able to finish them at a later time and you will not be able to change your responses.preferred 5 years + performing quantitative analytical work - statistical analysis, financial modeling, risk management reporting, software application development, portfolio analysis, etc.2 years + of providing risk management business and subject matter input to large scale (> $1 mm) infrastructure capital projects.2 years + of developing policies, processes, and governance protocols for one or more risk functional areas. 5 years + of project and/or team leadership experience.broad risk management functional experience – one or more of market risk, credit risk, operational risk, enterprise risk, compliance risk, insurable risk, etc.operational experience – one or more of product development, underwriting, corporate finance, financial reporting, claims management, internal audit, etc.industry experience – one or more of insurance (life/annuity/health, p&c), retail/commercial banking, investment banking, credit union, and capital markets/trading, etc.experience managing complex processes to include process engineering or project management experience.master's or phd in a quantitative disciplineone or more of the following designations:professional risk manager (prm)financial risk manager (frm)chartered financial analyst (cfa)actuarial designation (fsa, asa, fcas, acas, cera)chartered property casualty underwriter (cpcu)project management professional (pmp)sas or microsoft programming certificationsthe above description reflects the details considered necessary to describe the principal functions of the job and should not be construed as a detailed description of all the work requirements that may be performed in the job.at usaa our employees enjoy one of the best benefits packages in the business, including a flexible business casual or casual dress environment, comprehensive medical, dental and vision plans, along with wellness and wealth building programs. additionally, our career path planning and continuing education will assist you with your professional goals.usaa also offers a variety of on-site services and conveniences to help you manage your work and personal life, including seven cafeterias, two company stores and three fitness centers.relocation assistance is not available for this position.for internal candidates:must complete 12 months in current position (from date of hire or date of placement), or must have manager’s approval prior to posting.last day for internal candidates to apply to the opening is 11/20/17 by 11:59 pm cst time.

apply now





join our talent network


back to top















frequently asked questions















corporate info & media
news center
privacy
careers
accessibility
contact us
site map
faqs
site terms





                    copyright ©2017 usaa.
                

                    usaa is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer and gives consideration for employment to qualified
                    applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, genetic information,
                    sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, pregnancy, veteran status or any other legally protected
                    characteristic. if you'd like more information about your eeo rights as an applicant under the law, please click here.
                    for usaa’s affirmative action and eeo statement, please click here. furthermore, usaa makes hiring decisions compliant with the fair chance initiative for hiring ordinance (lamc 189.00).
                

                    usaa provides equal opportunity to qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans. usaa will provide
                    reasonable accommodation when requested to enable completion of the online employment inquiry form or, if desired,
                    an alternative method of inquiry. if you need a reasonable accommodation, please email humanresources@usaa.com
                    for assistance.
                

                    usaa means united services automobile association and its insurance, banking, investment and other companies.
                    banks member fdic. investments provided by usaa investment management company and usaa financial advisors inc.,
                    both registered broker dealers.
                

                    did 205814 - 0514
                








