





intern - decision science analyst job in san antonio, tx at usaa
























































career center

about usaa
career areas
locations
military
university
life @ usaa
returning applicants

































internship jobs at usaa























careers
/

search jobs



internship jobs



data & analytics jobs



        
    intern - decision science analyst

    








intern - decision science analyst job

apply now

job number: r0013219

location: 



                        san antonio, tx
78288,united states
                


date posted: 2017-10-02
full job title: intern-decision sci analyst 
job family: internship 
 

purpose of jobthis function covers highly analytical staff that provide portfolio and pricing support to manage the entire customer life-cycle in support of product groups. staff in this area may be responsible for developing and evaluating predictive models regarding customer behavior and forecasting models supporting portfolio management and profitability. typically utilize customer data in order to develop and enhance score-based strategies for marketing, granting and managing credit, collections, and fraud. often this function incorporates decisions related to risk, marketing, and financial performance.job requirementsmine massive amounts and perform large-scale data analysis to extract useful business insights. design and implement reporting dashboards that track key business metrics and provide actionable insights. collaborate effectively with team to proactively create rules & manage decisions. backend software engineering to build scalable solutions and help automate data processing challenges. suggest improvements in the tools and techniques to help scale operational teams.job overviewtasks1. participates in gathering basic business requirements that includes defining the business problem, identifying data requirements and isolating data elements.2. maintains and may assist in the development of basic business solutions, which may include data, reporting, business intelligence or analytics.3. performs basic data manipulation using basic data extraction and analytical tools and techniques.4. develops basic business knowledge of the functional area and processes.5. assists with the implementation of technical data solutions standards.6. may support data governance, integrity, quality and audit functions.employee qualificationsminimum experiencepursuing a bs, ms or phd degree in computer science, applied mathematics, statistics, operations research, or related technical field from a leading academic institution.2+ years of experience (even in academic environment) in solving analytical problems using quantitative approaches (or equivalent) fluency in sql, sas, spss and/or other programming languages (python, java, and/or c++).preferred experienceacademic understanding of these concepts: markov models, markovian graph-based data mining, roc curves, directed acyclic graphs, bayesian statistics, probability distribution, exploratory data analysis, statistical inference, regression models including but not limited to interpreting coefficients as well as investigating residuals and variability, and cluster analysis including but not limited to hierarchical clustering and k-means clustering.some development experience in at least once scripting language

apply now





join our talent network


back to top















frequently asked questions















corporate info & media
news center
privacy
careers
accessibility
contact us
site map
faqs
site terms





                    copyright ©2017 usaa.
                

                    usaa is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer and gives consideration for employment to qualified
                    applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, genetic information,
                    sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, pregnancy, veteran status or any other legally protected
                    characteristic. if you'd like more information about your eeo rights as an applicant under the law, please click here.
                    for usaa’s affirmative action and eeo statement, please click here. furthermore, usaa makes hiring decisions compliant with the fair chance initiative for hiring ordinance (lamc 189.00).
                

                    usaa provides equal opportunity to qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans. usaa will provide
                    reasonable accommodation when requested to enable completion of the online employment inquiry form or, if desired,
                    an alternative method of inquiry. if you need a reasonable accommodation, please email humanresources@usaa.com
                    for assistance.
                

                    usaa means united services automobile association and its insurance, banking, investment and other companies.
                    banks member fdic. investments provided by usaa investment management company and usaa financial advisors inc.,
                    both registered broker dealers.
                

                    did 205814 - 0514
                








