





lead data quality analyst job in san antonio, tx at usaa
























































career center

about usaa
career areas
locations
military
university
life @ usaa
returning applicants























data & analytics jobs at usaa

































careers
/

search jobs



data & analytics jobs



data management jobs



        
    lead data quality analyst

    








lead data quality analyst job

apply now

job number: r0013576

location: 



                        san antonio, tx
78288,united states
                


date posted: 2017-10-24
full job title: lead data quality analyst 
job family: data & analytics 
 

purpose of jobinterprets results using a variety of techniques, ranging from simple data aggregation via statistical analysis to complex data mining. designs, develops, implements and maintains business solutions. works directly with clients and project and business leaders to identify analytical requirements.we are currently seeking talented lead data quality analyst for our san antonio, tx facility.job requirementsleverages expert data management knowledge in development of data quality and metadata processes, as well as the development of data quality rules, thresholds, and standard metrics/quality-expectations for data elements that support critical business processes. oversees and participates in the development of the data quality tests/assessment practice. leads discussions with cross-functional teams on complex problems.oversee and participate in establishment of data profiling standards and best practices. consults with business and it process owners to review the effectiveness of complex data quality controls and metadata capture. lead alignment and integration of best practices and tools based on business needs.leverages expert knowledge to consult and provide oversight in the development and implementation of controls that would mitigate highly complex data quality risk. consults on high risk data quality corrective action plans. oversees and participates in the development of best practices for enterprise data quality programs and standards.sets direction for and oversees establishment of data quality process compliance adherence. consults on failures from high risk compliance assessment checks.sets direction for metadata repository management in collaboration with enterprise data and analytic stakeholders.leverages expert data management knowledge to consult and provide oversight on the impact of high risk changes to reference data. collaborates with enterprise data and analytic stakeholders on reconciliation and maintenance of reference data.monitors the work of less experienced peers and team members and provides feedback and coaching as needed. serves as a primary resource for escalated issues of an unusual nature.this position will also be responsible for creating and maintaining fasg d&a training program and facilitate fasg d&a new hire orientations.  will manage and maintain, with fasg information architects, fasg data model governance compliance.minimum requirementsbachelor's degree in a business or science discipline or 4 years work experience in data management, data quality or business application function or related experience can be substituted in lieu of a degree in addition to the minimum years of work experience required or a master's degree in a business or science discipline or a related discipline or a phd in a business or science disciplineif bachelor's degree, 8+ years of experience in a data management, data quality or business application function, 3+ years of direct and/or indirect management experience or if master's degree, 6+ years of experience in a data management, data quality or business application function, 3+ years of direct and/or indirect management experience or if phd, 5+ years of experience in a data management, data quality or business application function, 3+ years of direct and/or indirect management experience*qualifications may warrant placement in a different job level.*when you apply for this position, you will be required to answer some initial questions. this will take approximately 5 minutes. once you begin the questions you will not be able to finish them at a later time and you will not be able to change your responses.preferred 5+ years of data quality experience using either infosphere or informaticca leadership skills presentation skillsknowledge/skills/attributes-expert knowledge of frequency and duplicate analysis, cross dataset dependencies, orphan `child data' rows, redundancy analysis; dataextraction techniques and applications.-expert knowledge in data quality tools, sql, sas, bi tools or other analysis software.-expert knowledge of relevant industry data & methods and demonstrated ability to connect external insights to business problems.-demonstrates expert skills in: understanding and correcting data discrepancies; reading and translating data models; data querying; identifyingdata anomalies and root cause analysis; understanding and capability to explain master data management.-proven leadership and ability to influence at all levels of management.the above description reflects the details considered necessary to describe the principal functions of the job and should not be construed as a detailed description of all the work requirements that may be performed in the job.at usaa our employees enjoy one of the best benefits packages in the business, including a flexible business casual or casual dress environment, comprehensive medical, dental and vision plans, along with wellness and wealth building programs. additionally, our career path planning and continuing education will assist you with your professional goals.usaa also offers a variety of on-site services and conveniences to help you manage your work and personal life, including seven cafeterias, two company stores and three fitness centers.relocation assistance is available for this position.for internal candidates:must complete 12 months in current position (from date of hire or date of placement), or must have manager’s approval prior to posting.last day for internal candidates to apply to the opening is 10/30/17 by 11:59 pm cst time.

apply now





join our talent network


back to top















frequently asked questions















corporate info & media
news center
privacy
careers
accessibility
contact us
site map
faqs
site terms





                    copyright ©2017 usaa.
                

                    usaa is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer and gives consideration for employment to qualified
                    applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, genetic information,
                    sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, pregnancy, veteran status or any other legally protected
                    characteristic. if you'd like more information about your eeo rights as an applicant under the law, please click here.
                    for usaa’s affirmative action and eeo statement, please click here. furthermore, usaa makes hiring decisions compliant with the fair chance initiative for hiring ordinance (lamc 189.00).
                

                    usaa provides equal opportunity to qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans. usaa will provide
                    reasonable accommodation when requested to enable completion of the online employment inquiry form or, if desired,
                    an alternative method of inquiry. if you need a reasonable accommodation, please email humanresources@usaa.com
                    for assistance.
                

                    usaa means united services automobile association and its insurance, banking, investment and other companies.
                    banks member fdic. investments provided by usaa investment management company and usaa financial advisors inc.,
                    both registered broker dealers.
                

                    did 205814 - 0514
                








