









job opportunities | career center















        for full functionality of this page it is necessary to enable javascript. 
        here are the 
        instructions how to enable javascript in your web browser



master data senior analyst | career center page has loaded. 

master data senior analyst | career center page has loaded. 








  click here or press any key to continue.






                        we updated our privacy policy and terms of use, effective december 12, 2017. view privacy policy and terms of use

×















menu







                close menu
            










                        career center
                    




 




job opportunities
                                        



internal job opportunities
                                        



job descriptions
                                        



job alerts
                                        



human resources career center
                                        



sign in & check status
                                        



application how to & help
                                        



help & support
                            



legal & privacy
                            




social




linkedin





facebook





twitter





youtube










job opportunities




sign in












                don't have an account?
                create one.
            

                already have an account?
                sign in.
            








username
















                applications
                





                inbox
                





                profile
            




                account
            




                sign out
                after clicking on this link you will be logged out and the page will be reloaded.










welcome!
thanks for creating an account.













career center




powered by
neogov
®












                master data senior analyst
            



print









                    apply
                







master data senior analyst





                            salary
                            




$52,160.94 - $78,241.80 annually





                        location
                        




78205, tx






job type


4a full-time




department


finance






job number


2018-00177









closing



                12/31/2017 11:59 pm central
            






description


benefits


questions






job summary
under general direction, is responsible for providing overall master data creation, maintenance and guidance across business functions.  provides technical expertise and support of technology systems upgrades, enhancements and replacements regarding master data. exercises functional and technical supervision over assigned staff.
essential job functions
 creates, analyzes, and maintains master data elements across business functions. monitors, manages, and responds to all requests received from various sources. coordinates with the user community to ensure correctness and completeness of data contained in requests.  assists in developing overall data management strategy related to data maintenance, cleansing, and quality control. documents and communicates policies and procedures related to master data.  ensures that the organization complies with the established data governance rules, policies and procedures.  provides subject matter/technical expertise regarding master data functionality for any system implementation, enhancement, upgrade or replacement as well as related master data analysis and cleansing.  monitors and analyzes master data files for continuous improvements, cleanliness and integrity. coordinates with business/functional areas to identify master data to be made inactive or obsolescent.  analyzes system errors involving master data records to identify root causes and implements corrective actions.  selects master data settings and provides guidance on the configuration and overall impact to business processes.  provides training and guidance related to master data including creating and updating end user training documents to reflect any changes in master data settings.  prepares detailed reports and presentations. develops standard and ad- hoc reports related to master data.  provides guidance, training, and problem solving assistance to team members.  acts as a resource for and liaison to cosa departments as well as external contacts such as businesses and agencies.  performs related duties and fulfills responsibilities as required.
job requirements
 bachelor's degree from an accredited college or university.  three (3) years of master data experience in an enterprise resource planning (erp) environment such as sap or related experience.preferred qualifications: knowledge of accounting.  advanced excel experience.  experience with business objects and other reporting tools.applicant information:  if selected for this position, official transcripts, diplomas, certifications and licenses must be submitted at the time of processing.  unofficial transcripts and copies of other relevant documents may be attached to the application for consideration in advance.  please be advised that if selected for this position, information regarding employment history as it relates to the qualifications of the position will be needed for employment verification. applicants claiming military service to meet the experience requirement for this position may attach a dd214 to the application.   unless otherwise stated, applicants are permitted to substitute two years of related full-time experience for one year of higher education or one year of related higher education for two years of experience in order to meet the minimum requirements of the job. one year of full-time experience is defined as 30 or more hours worked per week for 12 months.  one year of higher education is defined as 30 credit hours completed at an accredited college or university.   applicants selected for employment with the city of san antonio in this position must receive satisfactory results from pre-employment drug testing and background checks.  if required for the position, a physical, motor vehicle record evaluation, and additional background checks may be conducted.  physical requirements:  physical requirements include occasional lifting/carrying of 5 pounds; visual acuity, speech and hearing; hand and eye coordination and manual dexterity necessary to operate computer keyboard and basic office equipment. subject to sitting, standing, reaching, and walking to perform the essential functions. working conditions are inside an office environment. 
knowledge, skills, and abilities
 knowledge of it processes, such as configuration management, change management, and service desk management.  knowledge of financial and purchasing systems such as sap and erp systems.  knowledge of business-related processes, particularly in the sap erp and sap srm environment.  knowledge of complex database applications and queries.  ability to handle multiple tasks and deadlines.  ability to create and use spreadsheets.  ability to communicate clearly and effectively, both verbally and in writing.  ability to work with project teams to support and/or develop high technology systems and solutions.  ability to analyze problems, identify alternative solutions, project consequences of proposed actions, and implement recommendations in support of goals.  ability to establish and maintain effective working relations with co- workers, management, and the public.  ability to perform all the physical, intellectual, and analytical requirements of the position including decision making.




the city of san antonio (cosa) strives to provide a competitive compensation and benefit package to attract and retain a highly skilled workforce.  to accomplish this, cosa offers subsidized health care benefits for active and retired employees, paid disability benefits, paid life insurance, as well as automatic participation in a pension program which is currently matched two to one.for more detailed information, please click on the following link to view benefits offered by the city of san antonio:http://www.sanantonio.gov/hr/employee_information/benefits/index.asp note:  part-time and temporary positions are not eligible for cosa benefits. holiday and leave benefits for pre-k 4 sa full-time positions may be different than what is listed at the above link.







01


are you a current regular full time cosa employee?

yes
no





02


what best describes your highest level of education?

some high school
high school diploma or ged recognized by the texas education agency or a regional accrediting agency
30+ completed semester hours (credits) from an accredited college or university
60+ completed semester hours (credits) from an accredited college or university
associate's degree from an accredited college or university
90+ completed semester hours (credits) from an accredited college or university
120+ completed semester hours (credits) from an accredited college or university
bachelor's degree from an accredited college or university
master's degree from an accredited college or university
phd, jd, or other post graduate degree from an accredited college or university
none of the above





03


how many years of experience do you have in an enterprise resource planning (erp) environment such as sap or a related field?

less than one year
1 year
2 years
3 years
4 years
5 years
6 years
7 years
8 years
9 years
10 years
11 years +
i do not have experience in an enterprise resource planning (erp) environment such as sap or a related field.





04


please select the response that best reflects the strength of your abilities with microsoft excel.

no exposure
beginner - familiar with some functions, able to utilize a smaller subset of those functions.  (able to read and edit spreadsheets and write basic arithmetic formulas)
moderate - familiar with most functions, able to utilize a robust subset of those functions.  (able to manipulate data by creating graphs, pivot tables, and using filters)
advanced - familiar with nearly all functions, able to utilize nearly all functions.  (able to perform analysis using more complex formulas such as if, vlookup, index/match, data model, or what-if analysis such as goal seek)
expert - familiar with and able to utilize all functions.  (able to perform all previously listed examples in addition to the automation of workflows through the use of vba scripts/macros)





05


select any of the following areas you have experience with:

budget maintenance
financial reporting
payroll
time and attendance
accounts payable
accounts receivable
accounting
grant compliance
procurement
contract monitoring
none of the above





06


describe the specific software applications you've used for reporting and analyses, including databases you designed or worked with to gather and evaluate data.  if you do not have experience, answer "n/a".






07


describe a time when you had to manage multiple projects and meet certain deadlines. what was the most difficult part of the situation? how did you deal with it?





 required question
                        







agency
city of san antonio




address


                        human resources department


                        san antonio, texas, 78205.
                    





phone

210-207-8705                        





website


                        http://www.sanantonio.gov/hr/careercenter.aspx
                    




 


                    apply
                



            your browser does not support the iframe feature, which is required by this web page.
        










                    job opportunities
                



                    account
                




copyright © 2017












career center


job opportunities










                support
            






sign in form is opened
job application


job details



applying as:

|

                    support
                




                close
            












                close
            







































