signalfx - software engineer - intern (summer 2018)software engineer - intern (summer 2018)san mateo or raleigh-durham, ncengineeringinternapply for this jobat signalfx, we build a highly scalable application monitoring platform that can provide real-time insights, analytics and alerts for large volumes of data. the signalfx platform is built on a micro-services based architecture, using cutting-edge technologies. our engineering teams are small, fast moving, highly impactful and come from industry stalwarts like facebook, google, yahoo!, vmware, turn, cloudera, and quora. new engineers typically release a customer impacting feature within weeks of joining. our summer 2016 interns worked on projects ranging from adding alerts feedback functionality to the signalfx app to building tools that saved thousands of dollars on aws infrastructure costs (https://signalfx.com/blog/meet-our-interns/). in 2017 our interns built open-source integrations for consul and etcd.we have internship opportunities available in all teams up and down the stack.  examples of project areas include ui and data visualization, rest apis, analytics and data science, large scale data ingest and storage, data collection and agents, tools and automation, as well as site reliability and cloud technologies. as an engineering intern, you'll work closely alongside a mentor on one or more projects of your interest. if you are someone hungry to learn from the best about how to build and scale modern saas applications, run them on cloud infrastructure using the latest technologies, you are looking in the right place.responsibilitiesdesign and implementation of projects assigned to you on a timely basis.participate in code reviews for your team.participate and contribute to design discussions of projects being executed by the broader team.requirementscurrently pursuing a b.s. or m.s. in computer science or a related technical field (must be graduating within two year of the internship’s end).previous internship experience a plus.apply for this jobsignalfx home pagejobs powered by 