





enterprise data management analyst job in san antonio, tx at usaa
























































career center

about usaa
career areas
locations
military
university
life @ usaa
returning applicants





































it jobs at usaa



















careers
/

search jobs



it jobs



it jobs



        
    enterprise data management analyst

    








enterprise data management analyst job

apply now

job number: r0009983

location: 



                        san antonio, tx
78288,united states
                


date posted: 2017-10-02
full job title: enterprise data management analyst 
job family: it 
 

purpose of jobimportant: external applicants – when filling out your name and other personal information below, do not use any special characters or all caps. use only standard letters in the english alphabet. including special characters or all uppercase letters will cause errors in your application.we are currently seeking talented data quality analyst i for our san antonio, tx facility.interprets results using a variety of techniques, ranging from simple data aggregation via statistical analysis to complex data miningindependently. defines data quality rules and ensures the proper implementation of data quality during the creation and modification of data, according to enterprise data and analytics data quality standards, guidelines, metrics and quality-expectations. defines rules to evaluate data quality and creates effective test plans, according to enterprise data and analytics data quality standards. ensures accuracy, completeness, integrity, consistency, uniqueness, and timeliness of data. executes enterprise data and analytics data quality tests/assessments and data cleansing activities. monitors compliance of data flows against enterprise data and analytics data quality standards. serves as liaison between business and internal and external clients.job requirementsleverages intermediate data management knowledge to maintain and define data quality and metadata processes, participates in development of data quality rules, thresholds, and standard metrics/quality-expectations for data elements that support critical business processes. participates in and may lead discussions with cross-functional teams.profiles data (statistical analysis and assessment of data). documents effectiveness of data quality controls and metadata capture, and identifies improvement opportunities. participates in development of best practices and tools based on business needs.leverages intermediate knowledge to implement controls to mitigate data quality risks including monitoring data quality results, reports and dashboards. ensures adherence to enterprise data quality programs and standards. ensures that the data quality corrective action plan is thoroughly documented.checks and reviews failures from the compliance assessment checks, and recommend corrective action. partners with enterprise data and analytic stakeholders to ensure relevance of criteria for data quality process compliance assessment.manages ongoing metadata repository management and proper metadata association.leverages intermediate data management knowledge to assess impact of proposed changes to reference data, and to coordinate changes with impacted business areas.minimum requirementsif bachelor's degree, 4+ years experience in data management, data quality or business application function orif master's degree, 2+ years experience in a data management, data quality or business application function orif phd, 1+ years experience in a data management, data quality or business application functionbachelor's degree in a business or science discipline. four years work experience in data management, data quality or business application function or related experience can be substituted in lieu of a degree in addition to the minimum years of work experience required ora master's degree in a business or science discipline or a related discipline ora phd in a business or science discipline or a related discipline*qualifications may warrant placement in a different job level.*when you apply for this position, you will be required to answer some initial questions. this will take approximately 5 minutes. once you begin the questions you will not be able to finish them at a later time and you will not be able to change your responses.preferred experience on the business side in a data steward, data governance, or analytical role.experience representing the business in an it projectproblem solving and ability to work in an ambiguous situationknowledge/skills/attributesintermediate knowledge of frequency and duplicate analysis, cross dataset dependencies, orphan `child data' rows, redundancy analysis; data extraction techniques and applications.intermediate knowledge in data quality tools, sql, sas, bi tools or other analysis software.intermediate knowledge of relevant industry data quality practices & methods and demonstrated ability to connect data creation, transformation and transmission lifecycles.demonstrates competency in: understanding and correcting data discrepancies; reading and translating data models; data querying; identifying data anomalies and root cause analysis; understanding and capability to explain master data management.demonstrated ability to influence business decisions.the above description reflects the details considered necessary to describe the principal functions of the job and should not be construed as a detailed description of all the work requirements that may be performed in the job.at usaa our employees enjoy one of the best benefits packages in the business, including a flexible business casual or casual dress environment, comprehensive medical, dental and vision plans, along with wellness and wealth building programs. additionally, our career path planning and continuing education will assist you with your professional goals.usaa also offers a variety of on-site services and conveniences to help you manage your work and personal life, including seven cafeterias, two company stores and three fitness centers.relocation assistance is not available for this position.

apply now





join our talent network




search videos by job description


back to top















frequently asked questions















corporate info & media
news center
privacy
careers
accessibility
contact us
site map
faqs
site terms





                    copyright ©2017 usaa.
                

                    usaa is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer and gives consideration for employment to qualified
                    applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, genetic information,
                    sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, pregnancy, veteran status or any other legally protected
                    characteristic. if you'd like more information about your eeo rights as an applicant under the law, please click here.
                    for usaa’s affirmative action and eeo statement, please click here. furthermore, usaa makes hiring decisions compliant with the fair chance initiative for hiring ordinance (lamc 189.00).
                

                    usaa provides equal opportunity to qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans. usaa will provide
                    reasonable accommodation when requested to enable completion of the online employment inquiry form or, if desired,
                    an alternative method of inquiry. if you need a reasonable accommodation, please email humanresources@usaa.com
                    for assistance.
                

                    usaa means united services automobile association and its insurance, banking, investment and other companies.
                    banks member fdic. investments provided by usaa investment management company and usaa financial advisors inc.,
                    both registered broker dealers.
                

                    did 205814 - 0514
                








