





application analyst ii - san antonio, tx - globalscape jobs









 














home
jobs




application analyst ii - san antonio, tx

toggle navigation








application analyst ii 

jobslogin 











 000622 - customer service san antonio, tx, usa hourly full time 

 medical, dental, vision, 401k and more.....


email me similar jobs email me this job



provides first and second level technical assistance to users and other support team members for globalscape server programs. 
 
essential functions:

provides first and second level technical assistance to users.
  
provides technical assistance to customer support team as needed.
  
research and resolve technical support cases that are escalated from customer support teams as needed.
  
troubleshoots system configurations, replicates customer network and system environments to aid in troubleshooting process.
  
interacts with customers and prospects via email, telephone and remote utilities.
  
provides pre-sales support and technical services to sales team and prospective customers as needed.
  
solicits sale of new maintenance and support plans for secure ftp server.
  
works closely with level 3 server support techs regarding bugs and follows up to ensure fixes are received and tested.
  
advises technical writers on user documentation.
  
completes, maintains, and processes pertinent paperwork and records related to case management and software change requests.
  
provide 24hr primary on-call support and backup on-call support for platinum level and paid afterhours support on a rotational basis
  
design tests to replicate, isolate, resolve, and document issues and potential bugs.
  
create and submit knowledgebase articles that detail troubleshooting procedures and methods

 
qualifications: 

language skills - ability to read and comprehend complex instructions, correspondence, and memos.  ability to write technical   correspondence.  ability to effectively present information in one-on-one and small group situations to customers, clients, and other employees of the organization.
mathematical skills - ability to add, subtract, multiply, and divide in all units of measure, using whole numbers, common fractions, and decimals.  ability to compute rate, ratio, and   percent.
reasoning ability - ability to apply common sense understanding to carry out detailed   written or oral instructions.  expert problem-solver with the ability to sort through complex issues and conduct   comparative analysis of multiple solutions.
computer skills - to perform this job successfully, an individual should be an expert using the latest operating systems, including windows server 2003 and linux or unix.  proficiency required using microsoft word, microsoft excel, microsoft access and starteam.  should have a thorough understanding of enterprise network architecture and data file transfer methods and protocols.
globalscape software skills will be expected to become proficient in the use and configuration of globalscape's server programs and their add-on modules.  demonstrated expert in the use and configuration of globalscape's client programs including cuteftp professional and its entire feature set. 

 
"globalscape prohibits discrimination, harassment and retaliation as described in this section. the company will extend equal employment and advancement opportunities to all qualified individuals regardless of their race, color, religion, age (40 and over), sex, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity,  pregnancy, disability, national origin, ethnic background, genetic information (including of a family member), military service, and/or citizenship, or any other classification protected by applicable local, state or federal law."

globalscape
https://globalscape.applicantpro.com






apply now



you have javascript disabled on your browser. you will not be able to apply for this position without enabling javascript. if you need assistance with enabling javascript, please click here for assistance.





 

* fields are required




what is your full name?




first name



last name





how can we contact you?


email





phone number



number type

home
cell
work






what is your preferred method of communication?


email
text message






apply for this position
apply for this position
by clicking the button above, i agree to applicantpro's applicant information use policy. 






sign up for job alerts!








resources


careers homeglobalscape website 


share this page







 


 


hiring software maintained by applicantpro - © 2017



refresh




 
 
 
 







go
common questions


























