


















senior master data analyst























tesoro on linkedin 


tesoro on twitter





home


working at tesoro


featured careers

accounting & finance
commercial
engineering
environmental, health & safety & security
information technology
logistics
marketing & retail
other corporate functions
refinery operations
students & recent graduates
view all opportunities



benefits


students & recent graduates














search by keyword






share this job






















email similar jobs to me
please enable javascript to subscribe.









join with linkedin







join with facebook







join now





email  





please wait...














senior master data analyst

apply now »

apply now 




start apply with linkedin







start apply with facebook







apply now





email  





please wait...







date: 
nov 30, 2017
                


location: 
san antonio, tx, us


company: 
tesoro companies inc.




    requisition id: 61962
  

summary:


    performs data analysis and problem resolution on issues related master to data for assigned elements. ensures master data is accurate and supports business requirements. provides master data support for assigned projects requiring assistance with data elements.
  

responsibilities:



      analyzes business requirements, translates to technical needs, and determines the appropriate master data needed to facilitate transactions.
    

      creates and maintains master data elements in sap and other applicable software systems. 
    

      researches and troubleshoots data across multiple sources using knowledge of data flow and their impact on business processes.
    

      develops processes and procedures related to master data and acts as a resource to transfer appropriate knowledge to team members and internal customers.
    

      identifies efficiencies and recommends ways to improve and automate processes and procedures.
    

      provides leadership and subject matter expertise regarding the functionality of master data for assigned projects and/or processes.
    

      generates complex ad-hoc reports using microsoft excel, access, business intelligence (bi) and/or sap.
    

      serves as a liaison between information technology and business requestor to develop new master data elements.
    

      acts as a resource for less experienced analysts and my review the work of others.
    

      ensures requests are complete and in accordance with industry standards, controls and other written guidelines.
    

      monitors master data quality using applicable business rules for assigned data objects
    

      understands relevant master data governance process and can articulate to business community
    

      awareness of master data object upstream and downstream inter-dependencies
    


requirements:



      minimum undergraduate degree in accounting, business, mis or related field required.
    

      minimum 4 years of related experience required.
    

      experience with complex databases and database queries
    


knowledge, skills, and abilities:



      thorough  technical knowledge of sap
    

      in-depth understanding of various business functions
    

      advanced microsoft excel skills
    

      strong oral and written communication skills
    

      project management skills
    

      strong problem-solving skills with the ability to recommend effective solutions
    

      ability to lead projects and cross-functional discussions
    


    andeavor, formerly tesoro, is a premier refining, marketing and logistics company in the mid-continent and western united states. our company operates 10 refineries with a combined capacity of approximately 1.2 million barrels per day, an extensive logistics network, and a retail-marketing system that includes approximately 3,100 retail stations marketed under multiple well-known fuel brands. we employ more than 13,000 talented people.
  

    our strength lies in our investment in employees and in their future. we measure success not only by the products we bring to our customers, or the financial results we deliver to our shareholders, but also by remaining true to our core values of safety and environmental stewardship, respect and integrity.
  

    discover your strengths and invest in your future by applying today.
  

    employees must be able to perform the essential functions of the job with or without reasonable accommodation.
  

    equal opportunity employer: vet / disability
  



    posting notes:  || san antonio || texas || united states (us) || sf:li-sp-1 || |accounting & finance || 78258 ||
  


nearest major market: san antonio
                    
                

job segment: 
database, erp, data analyst, sap, project manager, technology, data
                    





apply now »

apply now 




start apply with linkedin







start apply with facebook







apply now





email  





please wait...











find similar jobs: 

technology jobs in san antonio at tesoro,
sap jobs in san antonio at tesoro,
project manager jobs in san antonio at tesoro,
data jobs in san antonio at tesoro,
 accounting & finance





sign in
we noticed that you are already a member of our talent community. please enter your password to continue.


email*  not you?
password* 
forgot password?
* required field
submit cancel



account verification
we noticed you have accounts in our “talent community" and “application" systems. we take security seriously and need to verify your identity to synchronize your accounts.


account email:



please follow these steps to synchronize your accounts.


1. reset your password:



                                        the "reset password" link will open in a new browser window. return to this page to enter your new password.
                                    


click here to reset your password




2. enter your new password here:










submit cancel



account verification

your accounts have been successfully synchronized. use your new password when accessing our systems.

confirm



already a member
you are already a user of this site. please sign in.


email*  not you?

password* 
forgot password?
* required field
sign in cancel



start your application



existing users


email*

password*

forgot password?




new users
create a new account now!

start your application
receive email updates
join our talent community




sign in 

create


* required field


create profile




                    working...

next »








home
tsocorp.com
top job searches
view all jobs
socialmatchermobile


having technical issues
privacy policy
manage/edit profile



if you require a reasonable accommodation for any part of the application process, please contact the tesoro hr department at talentacquisition@tsocorp.com. note that we review resumes and applications only for posted positions.

            an equal opportunity employer
            tesoro will take the necessary action to ensure that applicants are treated without regard to their race, color, religion, sex, age, disability status, national origin, sexual orientation, genetic information, gender identity, protected veteran status or other protected status under applicable employment law. access eeo is the law poster











































