


















planning and performance analyst























tesoro on linkedin 


tesoro on twitter





home


working at tesoro


featured careers

accounting & finance
commercial
engineering
environmental, health & safety & security
information technology
logistics
marketing & retail
other corporate functions
refinery operations
students & recent graduates
view all opportunities



benefits


students & recent graduates














search by keyword






share this job






















email similar jobs to me
please enable javascript to subscribe.









join with linkedin







join with facebook







join now





email  





please wait...














planning and performance analyst

apply now »

apply now 




start apply with linkedin







start apply with facebook







apply now





email  





please wait...







date: 
nov 29, 2017
                


location: 
san antonio, tx, us


company: 
tesoro companies inc.




    requisition id: 63622
  

summary:


    responsible for supporting the financial control function of the business management department, tracking expenditures, conducting variance analysis, performing expenditure and headcount forecasts and producing a variety of management reports amongst others. in addition, this role is responsible for maintaining monthly scorecard and few other operational metrics.
  

responsibilities:



      compiles, analyzes, and verifies financial, headcount and operational data to develop business scorecard performance reporting
    

      identifies key reports for senior management and ensures data needed for these reports are met
    

      gathers information from various groups to prepare month end accruals and reclasses
    

      prepares monthly and rolling forecast and analyzes the data
    

      develops operational dashboards for controller function in power bi in collaboration with the rest of the teams
    


requirements:



      bachelor’s degree in accounting, finance or equivalent experience.
    

      minimum of 2-4 years accounting or finance or job-related experience.
    

      cpa preferred.
    


knowledge, skills, and abilities:



      strong aptitude for microsoft excel, word, and powerpoint.
    

      demonstrated analytical ability.
    

      experience summarizing results and producing management reports.
    

      strong attention to detail.
    

      ability to handle multiple concurrent assignments; flexibility to adjust to changing requirements, schedules and priorities.
    

      excellent communication skills; ability to communicate with senior management.
    

      strong organizational skills.
    

      understanding database knowledge
    

      power bi and sap knowledge preferred
    


    andeavor, formerly tesoro, is a premier refining, marketing and logistics company in the mid-continent and western united states. our company operates 10 refineries with a combined capacity of approximately 1.2 million barrels per day, an extensive logistics network, and a retail-marketing system that includes approximately 3,100 retail stations marketed under multiple well-known fuel brands. we employ more than 13,000 talented people.
  

    our strength lies in our investment in employees and in their future. we measure success not only by the products we bring to our customers, or the financial results we deliver to our shareholders, but also by remaining true to our core values of safety and environmental stewardship, respect and integrity.
  

    discover your strengths and invest in your future by applying today.
  

    employees must be able to perform the essential functions of the job with or without reasonable accommodation.
  

    equal opportunity employer: vet / disability
  



    posting notes:  || san antonio || texas || united states (us) || sf:li-sp-1 || |accounting & finance || 78259 ||
  


nearest major market: san antonio
                    
                

job segment: 
erp, database, sap, business manager, cpa, technology, management, finance
                    





apply now »

apply now 




start apply with linkedin







start apply with facebook







apply now





email  





please wait...











find similar jobs: 

technology jobs in san antonio at tesoro,
sap jobs in san antonio at tesoro,
cpa jobs in san antonio at tesoro,
accounting jobs in san antonio at tesoro,
 accounting & finance





sign in
we noticed that you are already a member of our talent community. please enter your password to continue.


email*  not you?
password* 
forgot password?
* required field
submit cancel



account verification
we noticed you have accounts in our “talent community" and “application" systems. we take security seriously and need to verify your identity to synchronize your accounts.


account email:



please follow these steps to synchronize your accounts.


1. reset your password:



                                        the "reset password" link will open in a new browser window. return to this page to enter your new password.
                                    


click here to reset your password




2. enter your new password here:










submit cancel



account verification

your accounts have been successfully synchronized. use your new password when accessing our systems.

confirm



already a member
you are already a user of this site. please sign in.


email*  not you?

password* 
forgot password?
* required field
sign in cancel



start your application



existing users


email*

password*

forgot password?




new users
create a new account now!

start your application
receive email updates
join our talent community




sign in 

create


* required field


create profile




                    working...

next »








home
tsocorp.com
top job searches
view all jobs
socialmatchermobile


having technical issues
privacy policy
manage/edit profile



if you require a reasonable accommodation for any part of the application process, please contact the tesoro hr department at talentacquisition@tsocorp.com. note that we review resumes and applications only for posted positions.

            an equal opportunity employer
            tesoro will take the necessary action to ensure that applicants are treated without regard to their race, color, religion, sex, age, disability status, national origin, sexual orientation, genetic information, gender identity, protected veteran status or other protected status under applicable employment law. access eeo is the law poster











































