


careers: job openings and career development | perficient, inc. |data scientist
















































please enable cookies to continue
please enable cookies in your browser to experience all the personalized features of this site, including the ability to apply for a job.







welcome page







returning candidate?

log back in!












data scientist


job location(s)

us-nc-charlotte

posted date

1 month ago



job id

2017-3739


# of openings

2


category

technology experts - architect






overview




 at perficient you’ll deliver mission-critical technology and business solutions to fortune 500 companies and some of the most recognized brands on the planet. and you’ll do it with cutting-edge technologies, thanks to our close partnerships with the world’s biggest vendors. our network of offices across north america, as well as locations in india and china, will give you the opportunity to spread your wings, too. we’re proud to be publicly recognized as a “top workplace” year after year. this is due, in no small part, to our entrepreneurial attitude and collaborative spirit that sets us apart and keeps our colleagues impassioned, driven, and fulfilled. perficient currently has a career opportunity for a data scientist/solutions architect in our charlotte, nc office. job overview: a data scientist/solutions architect is expected to be knowledgeable in multiple technologies and methodologies. the data scientist/solutions architect will serve as an expert in translating complex data into key strategy insights and valuable actions.  this person will lead a team and an initiative for the client from inception to completion.  you will provide best-fit architectural solutions for one or more projects; you will assist in defining scope and sizing of work; and anchor proof of concept developments. you will provide solution architecture for the business problem, platform integration with third party services, designing and developing complex features for clients' business needs.  you will collaborate with some of the best talent in the industry to create and implement innovative high quality solutions, participate in sales and various pursuits focused on our clients' business needs. you will also contribute in a variety of roles in thought leadership, mentorship, systems analysis, architecture, design, configuration, testing, debugging, and documentation. you will challenge your leading edge solutions, consultative and business skills through the diversity of work in multiple industry domains.  this role is considered part of the business unit senior leadership team and may mentor delivery team members.   





responsibilities




own and aggressively drive forward specific areas of technology architecture. provide architectural solutions/designs to project execution teams for implementation.serve as an expert in translating complex data into key strategy insights and valuable actions. provide architectural assessments, strategies, and roadmaps for one or more technology domains.act as a liaison between smes in both the it and business organizationslead projects within architecture. work with product owner/business analysts to understand functional requirements and interact with other cross-functional teams to architect, design, develop, test, and release features.project and solution estimation and team structure definition.develop proof-of-concept projects to validate new architectures and solutions.liaise with offshore team and clients for resolving technical dependencies, issues, and risks.mentor and provide architectural guidance to multiple teams building innovative applications.drive common vision, practices and capabilities across teams.engage with business stakeholders to understand required capabilities, integrating business knowledge with technical solutions.engage with technical architects and technical staff to determine the most appropriate technical strategy and designs to meet business needs.demonstrate broad solutions technical leadership, impacting significant technical direction, exerting influence outside of the immediate team and driving change.





qualifications




minimum 5 years of professional experience with large data sets, analytical tools, analytical methodologies.at least 3 years of experience in a professional services company, consulting firm, or agencyhave a solid understanding of delivery methodology and lead teams in the implementation of the solution according to the design/architecture.experience in project and solution estimation and team structure definition.experience in defining new architectures and ability to drive an independent project from an architectural stand point.demonstrated success in performing work and managing complex and/or large consulting projects.proficient in authoring, editing and presenting technical documents.ability to elicit requirements and communicate clearly with non-technical individuals, development teams, and other ancillary project members.strong written and oral communication skills; ability to communicate effectively with technical and non-technical staff.desire to mentor younger team members and develop their skills.experience working on multiple concurrent projects.excellent problem-solving skills.be independent and self-driven.infrequent travelpreferred skills and education:bachelors degree (masters degree preferred) in industrial engineering , operations research, computer science, data science, statistics, or related quantitative fieldworking knowledge of sql (structured query language)working knowledge of hadoop, large data set and related toolsworking knowledge of data analytic tools like sas, r, spss, python, etc.hands-on experience with bi/visualization tools, such as power bi, tableau, etc.strong knowledge of basic and advanced regression and prediction modelsmastery of statistics, machine learning, algorithms and advanced mathematicsstrong oral and written communications skillsexpert knowledge of microsoft office productsleadership and team management experience with ability to provide strategic planning and oversightexperience leading customer workshop and design sessionstrack record of leadership roles delivering solutions within defined timeframesexperience working with a geographically distributed teamsperficient full-time employees receive complete and competitive benefits. we offer a collaborative work environment, competitive compensation, generous work/life opportunities and an outstanding benefits package that includes paid time off plus holidays. in addition, all colleagues are eligible for a number of rewards and recognition programs including billable bonus opportunities. encouraging a healthy work/life balance and providing our colleagues great benefits are just part of what makes perficient a great place to work.  more about perficient  perficient is the leading digital transformation consulting firm serving global 2000 and enterprise customers throughout north america. with unparalleled information technology, management consulting and creative capabilities, perficient and its perficient digital agency deliver vision, execution and value with outstanding digital experience, business optimization and industry solutions. our work enables clients to improve productivity and competitiveness; grow and strengthen relationships with customers, suppliers and partners; and reduce costs.  perficient's professionals serve clients from a network of offices across north america and offshore locations in india and china. traded on the nasdaq global select market, perficient is a member of the russell 2000 index and the s&p smallcap 600 index. perficient is an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national, origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. disclaimer:  the above statements are not intended to be a complete statement of job content, rather to act as a guide to the essential functions performed by the employee assigned to this classification.  management retains the discretion to add or change the duties of the position at any time.  





options

apply for this job onlineapplysharerefer this job to a friendrefer


sorry the share function is not working properly at this moment. please refresh the page and try again later.

share on your newsfeed





application faqssoftware powered by icimswww.icims.com









