



avidxchange careers - operations data analyst



























 











                                                    avidxchange careers                                            







                operations data analyst
    
    

                            operations/administrative            
                    charlotte,
                            north carolina
                
                        



        apply
    



operations data analyst reports to manager, operations data – implementation job purpose by trade, avidxchange is a technology company and one of the most intriguing business payment networks in the industry. some even consider us a true fintech company. however, if you ask anyone that works at avidxchange, they will tell you that at our core we are a people company and it is the heart of our success. named one of charlotte’s best places to work by the charlotte business journal for 6 years running; we pride ourselves on creating a work environment that facilitates personal growth, inspires innovation, and results in the leading payment automation solution for the mid-market. due to the recent growth, avidxchange is looking for an operations data analyst; someone who has excelled in previous roles that required expertise in data analysis. do you have strong analytical skills and an entrepreneurial mindset? are you naturally curious? do you love learning new things and solving tough problems using data? this role is in support of our implementation team. reporting to the manager, operations data, you will determine the strategic direction in which we will need to move by analyzing our implementation data; using your intuitive insights to help drive the business unit forward. this position is responsible for researching and analyzing opportunities and risks, as well as providing analytics and guidance on our implementation. this position will formulate and communicate recommendations to senior leaders. this operations data analyst will work with internal customers to analyze and optimize our existing business and guide future growth. you will work with smart and passionate people to deliver results that have a direct impact on the company’s bottom line. you will be challenged to excel and lead alongside the brightest talent in the industry and be rewarded for your achievements. duties and responsibilities provide business and technical expertise for the analytics process, tools and applications for the implementation business unit. presentation preparation and delivery to c level executives in the company. self-motivated and creative problem-solver. provide business clients with detailed, actionable reports documenting the findings from, data processing, and data analysis. assist in all aspects of strategy and analytics including but not limited to new opportunity identification, modeling/sensitivity analysis to support strategic options, market sizing, competitive intelligence, and kpi development conduct hands on modeling/advanced analytics retrieving, compiling , and analyzing large data from disparate databases into distilled, actionable information needed by senior leadership to answer critical questions determine viability of new business opportunities through rigorous quantitative analysis (new products, partnerships, joint ventures, etc.) develop recommendations and clearly communicate results of analysis to senior management collaborate with internal / external customers to develop initiatives that drive growth. perform ad hoc analytical requests and research for projects as needed. utilize predictive analytics to assess future risk, opportunities, and effectiveness. translates results into meaningful business recommendations. may present findings to various levels of leadership. identify opportunities to use data to develop new strategies and improve business performance and utilize knowledge of mathematical modeling and other optimization methods to perform quantitative and qualitative data analysis. required skills experience minimum 1-2 years of previous experience in an analyst role. bachelor’s degree in business or engineering or similar quantitative field. strong problem solving and issue resolution skills.experience with large data sets and modeling. highly skilled in excel; familiarity with sql, access, or other data software experience with statistical models in a professional setting a plus. minimum 1-2 years of previous experience with data collection methodologies and quantitative analysis. critical thinker with an ability to analyze information and to evaluate the implications of a course of action or strategy. ability to organize, analyze and interpret data to explain complex irregularities or trends. project management experience a plus. expert knowledge of excel including use of pivot tables, vlookups. self-motivated and creative problem-solver. must be comfortable with unstructured, fast moving and constantly evolving high growth environment. experience with business intelligence tools such as tableau, powerbi, etc. desired.  




        apply
    

        apply later    


            ← back to current openings        




share





linkedin




facebook




twitter




email






similar jobs





                                    {{ job.title }}
                                











powered by jobvite










