



job application for workforce data and trending analyst at roundpoint mortgage servicing corporation






















          apply now
        
workforce data and trending analyst

        at roundpoint mortgage servicing corporation
      
(view all jobs)

        charlotte, nc
      


position overview:
the workforce data and trending analyst compiles and analyzes contact center kpis. the workforce data and trending analyst identifies areas of opportunity and proposes solutions to the key stakeholders.
working relationships:
the workforce data and trending analyst reports to the workforce management avp; and must develop strong working relationships with key stakeholders, vendors, and co-workers.
key tasks and responsibilities:

analyze and report contact center performance and trends
ensure leaders have access to information and resources to help make informed decisions
identify trends and areas of opportunity (e.g., volume reduction, quality/efficiency improvement, etc.) and propose solutions
lead weekly and daily meetings with management detailing previous and forecasted performance, while identifying risks and offering recommendations to mitigate risk to the contact center
track, analyze, and report contact center and agent performance by developing reports that highlight the contact center’s kpis

minimum requirements:

college degree preferred
previous call center experience required
computer proficiency, with focus on ms excel and sql
ability to apply mathematical concepts and calculations
strong mathematical, analytical, communication and interpersonal skills, strong customer-service skills including courteous telephone etiquette, and strong negotiation skills with sense of urgency in mind
ability to interpret policies and procedures and communicate effectively
ability to make decisions and exercise good judgment in a complex and rapidly changing environment
capability to adapt to a fast-paced environment and learn and retain new or evolving information and procedures
ability to work under stress and pressure and respond to inquiries with tact, diplomacy and patience
ability to work in a team environment
ability to exercise discretion on sensitive and confidential matters

physical demands and work environment:
the physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this position.  reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. while performing the duties of this job:

the employee is regularly required to talk or hear. 
the employee is required to sit for extended periods of time and is occasionally required to stand and walk. 
the employee must regularly use hands to finger, handle, or feel objects and is regularly required to reach with hands and arms; the employee may occasionally climb or balance, and stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl. 
the employee must frequently lift and/or move up to 10 pounds and occasionally lift and/or move up to 25 pounds. 
specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, distance vision, color vision, and ability to adjust focus. 
the noise level in the work environment is usually quiet to moderate, and no extreme conditions are present.








apply for this job

* required
        











(optional)

almost there! review your information then click 'submit application' to apply.



first name *



last name *



email *



phone *




              location (city)
                *




resume/cv *


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 














cover letter


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 

















what is your desired total annual compensation?  *






what is your current annual total compensation?  *






what is your highest level of education?  *







  phd / jd



  master's degree



  bachelor's degree



  associates degree



  trade or technical school



  some college



  high school diploma / ged



  some high school




are you authorized to work lawfully in the us? *

in compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the us and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.


please selecti am authorized to lawfully work in the us for any employer.
i am authorized to lawfully work in the us (current employer only).
i require sponsorship to lawfully work in the us.
my status is unknown.


have you ever been discharged from a job for involvement in an act of dishonesty or breach of trust, injury to a person, or damage of property? *



--
yes
no


have you ever been convicted (found guilty), plead guilty, or plead nolo contender (no contest) to a crime (misdemeanor or felony) or been a defendant in a civil action for an intentional tort? (the existence of a conviction will not necessarily disqualify you from employment with roundpoint). *



--
yes
no


if you answered “yes” to the question regarding the existence of a previous conviction. please provide the details of your conviction(s), including:
    

the charge against you
date of the charge against you
whether the charge was considered a misdemeanor or a felony
where the crime took place and/or was adjudicated
the sentence imposed for the conviction
whether or not the your provisions of the sentence were fulfilled







are you a current or former employee? *



--
yes
no


if you are a current or former employee please provide the following details regarding your employment: 
    

current / former title
dates of employment







are you related to anyone currently employed by roundpoint mortgage servicing corporation, or any other roundpoint-affiliated company?  *



--
yes
no


if you are related to a current roundpoint employee please provide the name of the individual to whom you are related.
    






application submission: *

please carefully read the items below before submitting your application.
by submitting this application, i expressly agree to and/or authorize the following:

i authorize any person, school, current employer (except as expressly noted), past employer(s), and organizations named in this application form (and accompanying resume or other documentation, if any) to provide roundpoint representatives with relevant information and opinion, personal or otherwise, that may be useful in making a hiring decision. i release all parties from all liability for any damage that may result from furnishing information and opinion to the employer's representatives.
in consideration of employment, i agree to obey the rules and standards of roundpoint. i understand that nothing contained in this application or in the interview process is intended to create a contract between the company and myself for either employment or for the providing of any benefits. i agree that my employment is at-will and the terms of employment may be changed with or without cause, with or without notice, including but not limited to termination, demotion, promotion, transfer, compensation, benefits, duties and location of work, at any time, for any reason, at the option of myself or the company. this constitutes my entire agreement with roundpoint with regard to the length of my employment.
i understand that any offer of employment, should i receive one, is conditional upon successful completion of a pre-employment background screening (which may include inquiries into my criminal and consumer credit history) and a drug test.
i am able to perform the essential functions of the position with or without a reasonable accommodation.
i understand that all offers of employment are contingent upon my providing satisfactory documentary proof of my identity and legal right to work in the united states.

i hereby acknowledge that i have read the above statements and understand them. i certify that i, the undersigned applicant, have personally completed this application. i declare that the facts contained in the application (and any resume or other documents submitted) are true and complete to the best of my knowledge.  i understand that any misrepresentations or omissions will disqualify me from further consideration for employment, and will result in my dismissal from employment, if discovered at a later date.


please selecti have read and i agree with the terms outlined.


candidate signature: *

i certify that all the information in this application is true and correct at the time of submission.
 
sign and date











 



share this job:    













powered by 

 
      read our privacy policy
















