













 bank of america job - strategic data analyst , charlotte, nc, united states













skip to main content
menu





navigation

home 
our company

our business


working here

culture, inclusion, people
military & veterans
benefits & advantages
career development & learning
recruitment tips


locations
career areas

search jobs
events
applicants with disabilities

united states
change location

argentina
australia
bahamas
bahrain
belgium
brazil
canada
cayman islands
chile
china
colombia
costa rica 
france
germany
greece
hong kong
india
indonesia
ireland
isle of man
israel
italy
japan
jersey
lebanon
luxembourg
malaysia
mexico
monaco
netherlands
norway
panama
peru
philippines 
poland
portugal
russia
saudi arabia
singapore
south africa
south korea
spain
sweden
switzerland
taiwan 
thailand
turkey
united arab emirates
united kingdom
united states
uruguay
venezuela







search jobs





strategic data analyst
charlotte, nc, united states
job number: 17074535
back to job search results


apply now for this job >



job description

job description:analytics resource responsible for helping drive innovative analytics for global banking.   turn questions and business hypotheses into actions utilizing visual analytics and predictive modeling.  qualified candidates must be able to manage a queue of work and be self-directed, collaborative, analytical and proactive in execution and problem resolution.  as a subject matter expert on the team you'll be upfront with high level business partners as well as hands-on with the data, understanding upstream and downstream implications. examine current business state and understand performance gaps and the largest business needs.  utilize visual analytics and predictive modeling to provide key insights and recommendations for global banking.enterprise role overviewresponsible for independently conducting quantitative analytics and modeling projects. responsible for developing new models, analytic processes or systems approaches. creates documentation for all activities and works with technology staff in design of any system to run models developed. incumbents possess excellent quantitative/analytic skills and a broad knowledge of financial markets and products.required skills:2-5 years of experience.bachelor's degree (prefer information systems degree)business knowledge of global bankinghigh level of problem solving capabilities and attention to detailtableau experiencestrong individual contributor, self-managed, and able to work in a cross-functional team structure must be able to manage concurrent efforts in a fast paced environment, adapt to changing requirements, manage multiple tasks, and work well under pressure ms excel skills and understanding of sqlresults oriented with demonstrated ability to drive action and sustain momentum to quickly develop subject matter expertise across a broad spectrum of issues experience in strategy development, execution and data analysisdesired skills:statistical analysisproject management experienceknowledge of modeling and data tools (e.g. sas, python, r, datarobot)


posting date: 12/01/2017 
location: charlotte, nc, bank of america corporate center, 100 n tryon st,  - united states 

travel: no 


full / part-time: full time 
hours per week: 40 
shift: 1st shift  




already have a candidate profile? log in to access and update your current profile to access and update your current profile.  
assistance for applicants with disabilities
bank of america is committed to ensuring that our online application process provides an equal employment opportunity to all job seekers, including individuals with disabilities. if you believe you need a reasonable accommodation in order to search for a job opening or to submit an application, please visit the applicants with disabilities page. 
diversity & inclusion
at bank of america, our commitment to diversity and inclusion is helping us to create not only a great place to work, but also an environment where our employees, our customers and our communities around the world can reach their goals and connect with each other. all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. 
frequently asked questions 
need to know how to apply online, view a list of your submitted job applications or reset your password? visit our faq section for answers to these questions and more.

bank of america employees
bank of america employees should access the internal jobs database.






return to top


faq | 
events | 
campus | 
about us | 
returning job seekers | 
pay transparency | 
privacy policy | 
eeo statement | 
site map 


© bank of america, n.a. member fdic. equal housing lender. © 2014 bank of america corporation. all rights reserved.

follow us:

go to twitter page

twitter page :  bofa_careers
twitter page :  ml_careers


go to facebook page
go to linkedin page

linkedin page :  bank of america
linkedin page :  merrill lynch 






life's better when we're connected 








thanks for your interest in this job
we're updating our website and regret that we cannot accept your job application right now. please try again after 1 a.m. gmt monday, 12 december. 
thank you for your patience!
life’s better when we’re connected ®











