
digital analyst, bi & analytics (temp-to-hire)

        are you a math and excel whiz? do you have programming knowledge? are you able to communicate ideas clearly and effectively?
        we are looking for people with these skill sets!
    

        nabler is offering an opportunity for recent college graduates to break into the relatively new, and constantly growing,
        field of digital analytics and big data. we are filling entry-level positions as digital analysts that include on-the-job
        training and working onsite with one of nabler’s clients. for a trained analyst, the opportunities are endless! e-commerce
        and digital marketing companies cannot fill these positions fast enough.
    

        you will be hired as a nabler temporary employee initially, embedded with a world class analytics team. you will work alongside,
        and be trained by, leaders in the digital analytics industry. the intent of the client is to groom and then hire
        analysts upon successful completion of the probationary period.
    
location
charlotte, north carolina
applicants must be eligible to work in the specified location
responsibilities

clearly translate data points into easily digestible presentations, insights, and recommendations 
prepare and produce analytics reports on a weekly, bi-weekly and monthly basis 
manage data pulls of varying size and complexity
ensure accuracy of data reporting
work with internal stakeholders to establish kpis and related metrics for new products, site enhancements, and site
            redesigns
proactively analyze the website(s) for areas of opportunity and actionable recommendations 
stay current with the latest developments with web analytics platforms and techniques to help our team stay on the
            cutting edge of marketing analytics
develop a thorough understanding of the data environment - data collection, data sources, data accessibility and
            tools
support key business initiatives with analytics and insight, acting as a quantitative consultant on projects 
develop automated daily, weekly and monthly reporting through bi tools including excel/tableau

qualifications

recent graduate (within the last two years)
bs/ms preferably in statistics, mathematics, physics, engineering, systems engineering, information management or
            business/marketing related fields
strongly prefer a background with programming classes such as java, python, c/c++
excellent gpa (3.0 or higher)

desired skills

proficiency with ms excel and powerpoint is required to assimilate new ideas and information quickly 
ability to thrive in a dynamic and fast-paced environment, drive change, and collaborate effectively with a variety
            of individuals and organizations 
ability to manage multiple priorities at once and shift priorities seamlessly 
strong relationship builder
excellent communication skills
ability to work through problems and reach a workable solution
strong aptitude in math
web analytics aptitude

eligibility

        in compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the united
        states and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.
    
physical demands

        the physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the
        essential functions of this job. reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to
        perform the essential functions.
    

        while performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to stand, walk, sit, use hands, reach with hands
        and arms, and talk or hear. the employee is occasionally required to climb or balance, and stoop, kneel, crouch or
        crawl. the employee must frequently lift and/or move up to 25 pounds. specific vision abilities required by this
        job include close vision, distance vision, peripheral vision, depth perception, ability to adjust focus, and ability
        to see color.
    
work environment

        the work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the
        essential functions of this job. reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to
        perform the essential functions.
    

        the noise level in the work environment is usually moderate.
    



apply

« openings at nabler




