business analyst at liniumitliniumitbusiness analystcharlotte, nccontractjob openingsbusiness analyst%button_apply_to_position% apply using linkedinour client, a premier financial institution, is seeking a sr. business analyst to join their growing team in charlotte.

 the qualified business analyst works closely with the business and technical teams and is a major contributor to the requirements specification deliverable, writes the business and functional requirements. this person understands business and ensures that there is integration between business and technology.
    
performs feasibility analysis, scopes projects, and works with the project management team to prioritizes deliverables and negotiate on product functionalities. the ba understands development processes – sdlc – and is very analytical with problem-solving and conflict resolution skills to help identify, communicate and resolve issues
    
responsibilities 
 performs feasibility analysis, scopes      projects, and works with the project management team to prioritizes      deliverables, and negotiate on product functionalities.
  creates detailed business      requirement document (brd) and translate it into functional      specifications.
provides analytic support by coordinating data      extraction from various databases and data interpretation.
  partners with development and analytic teams      to provide reporting on software solutions.
  participates in integration testing      and user acceptance testing (uat) and functionality testing.
 


requirements 
 bachelor's degree in business or it
  3+ years of experience working as a      functional, data or business analyst
  3+ years of experience in access, excel (advanced),      visio, and ms project
  3+ years of customer interfacing experience –      project oversight, customer presentation.
  3+ years sql server 2005/2008 knowledge –      t-sql, tables, views
  excellent communication skills (written and      verbal)%button_apply_to_position%%footer_powered_by%breezy