



bi developer - rez-1

























career opportunities >> bi developerbi developersummarytitle:bi developerid:1031department:information technologylocation:charlotte, ncmore about this job >descriptionconsider a career as a bi developer with rez-1, a saas provider, in charlotte, nc. rez-1 is a leader in developing innovative solutions and services for the freight transportation marketplace. in this role, you will be responsible for the creation and maintenance of business intelligence solutions to our customers, clients, and internal users, with a focus on timely, accurate and consumable information that enables key decision making. role is located in our charlotte, nc location.
essential duties and responsibilities include:

work with business and/or clients on understanding business intelligence needs
define, build, test, document and audit business intelligence offerings

trending, planning, optimization and forecasting
outputs may take the form of

ad-hoc reports
custom/guided reports
dashboards
self-service offerings
data feeds




product support

external user interface (training)
interpretation of results
data quality questions/concerns


define, test and audit the execution of custom metric logic that lives in etl code
develop and maintain build, testing and documentation standards, including automated testing efforts
develop and maintain monitoring, auditing and benchmarking processes, including

technical processes to ensure etl executes
data accuracy
on-time delivery
periodic audits of processes and bi offerings


develop and maintain performance standards (benchmarking)

external user interface
backend processes
sql query performance optimization



must have the following knowledge, abilities and skills:

strong analytical, conceptual, and problem solving abilities. 
strong knowledge of sql 
strong knowledge of available query/bi development tools.  
strong knowledge of data warehouse etl and relational databases
knowledge of data modeling, statistical analysis, optimization and forecasting
ability to manage, execute, and follow through with multiple tasks.
good listening, written and oral communication skills. 
experience with cloud-based products preferred
database experience (mysql and infobright a plus)
reporting tools such as jaspersoft, sap preferred
visualization software and subversion (or comparable source control application) preferred
agile methodology (scrum, xp methodology) preferred
microsoft office products
recent graduates with related internships are welcome to apply

qualifications:

2 to 5 years of relevant experience 
bachelors of science in a quantitative field or equivalent experience

rez-1 is an eeoe. reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.   apply now     refer to a friend  alternatively, you can apply to this job using your profile on one of the following sites:

 






copyright 2017 rez-1. all rights reserved.powered by applicantstack™ applicant tracking




