



job application for customer segmentation analyst at lendingtree























          apply now
        
customer segmentation analyst

        at lendingtree
      
(view all jobs)

        charlotte, nc 28277
      


who we are
if you’re looking for an opportunity with an established, well-known company, but like to work in a small, dynamic, highly collaborative entrepreneurial style environment, then you’ve come to the right place!
we’re changing the way borrowers borrow and lenders lend. by running a marketplace, we’re making lenders compete for their customers, saving borrowers billions of dollars along the way. as a marketing organization, we measure the value of a “conversion” directly. that means we can quantifiably measure success in real time. and that means we can follow a scientific process, informed by hard data. so you’ll know when efforts translate into a win, with little ambiguity.
our culture
our clothes are casual and relaxed, and our work ethic is highly professional. it is our culture for each team member to challenge the status quo, express their opinions, and to stand up, ask for the ball and run with it to meet our aggressive goals. we also have a lot of fun together! we’re always looking for the best, brightest, high energy, results-driven rock stars to join our team. we reward innovation, creativity and the ability to just get stuff done.
who you are

you’re a go-getter: we’re looking for an energized, enthusiastic person who has a passion for the digital marketing and emerging technologies.  you don’t mind getting your hands dirty and know the importance of consistent and precise execution.  you hustle.
you’re competitive: you love winning. every day you’re looking for new ways to not only beat your competitors, but to beat your previous wins. you are unwilling to fail and always find a way to move the needle.
you’re ambitious.  you want to learn and improve every day and you take personal pride in wins for the team. you don’t let yourself get disappointed with failures and only let them serve to push you even harder to search for new breakthroughs and innovative ways to achieve your goals.
you’re insatiably curious: you love learning. you run towards concepts you don’t understand rather than shying away. you recognize assumptions and question them. you experiment, theorize, test and fail; you immediately iterate and keep trying until you nail it.
you’re an insanely organized executer: you get things done. no ball gets dropped even when you’re managing multiple campaigns and deadlines and priorities. your follow-through is impeccable and no one ever needs to make sure you did what you said you’d do. you implement and execute every single day.
you’re great at relationships: you’re awesome at working with people and enjoy collaboration.  you’ll be able to grow and nurture relationships with external contacts at some of the biggest publishers online. you’ll also realize the importance of creating strong internal relationships with other teams at lendingtree and strive to be a good teammate every day.
you can theorize and pivot.  you're agile, creative and flexible. when faced with a new challenge, you can quickly learn on your own and figure out the best path to success.  you can derive insights from various sources and experts to understand new concepts. you can look at previous performance trends and theorize new tests to make them it even better. 
you have a logical, scientific mind. careful testing and analysis of each campaign element – copy, ads, landing pages, placements, targeting – will be key to your success, and it's what you’ll do every day.  you’ll analyze, find trends and immediately iterate into new tests and optimizations.

what you’ll do
digital marketing is currently in a revolutionary stage and you’ll be fully immersed in learning the bleeding edge. this is direct response marketing, plain and simple. success is all about roi, scaling and generating the highest quality leads. we're willing to spend to test and learn, and we're looking for someone who can find trends and dive into data to optimize into the most profitable placements and creatives. we want someone who can recognize opportunities and put a solid plan in place to capitalize on them. you’ll own relationships with various publishing partners and
this is a great opportunity for someone to come in, work incredibly hard and be rewarded with rich learnings about digital marketing practice from a best-in-class team. you’ll have to hustle, but you’ll be fully-immersed in digital marketing in an entrepreneurial, fun team environment which rewards hard-work and results above all else.
role & responsibilities

find and test new platforms to grow our digital footprint
manage day-to-day campaign metrics and optimizations across a variety of platforms and publishers
understand and implement tracking through url parameters
analyze data for the full-funnel using web analytics platforms and come up with new test hypotheses
stay organized and keep everyone in the loop. you’ll work closely across teams and will need to be an excellent communicator and project manager.
dive into data to segment and de-average. find trends and patterns in large datasets and theorize ways to exploit those trends. create new headlines and landing page concepts to increase high-quality volume for the native channel. understand our campaigns and what works. theorize and test why something is working, then find ways to iterate, scale and optimize.
collaborate with other marketing teams to find ideas and winners from other channels
expand and nurture our partnerships through account management and placement optimization to maximize revenue while ensuring that the partnerships are generating high-quality and high-intent leads. you’ll be measured against aggressive revenue goals and need to find creative ways to hit your numbers.

required skills

bachelor’s degree
3+ years in paid digital marketing channels
experience with programmatic advertising
proven success buying ads on an auction-style platform (adwords, bing, yahoo, taboola, outbrain, etc).
experience with excel, ideally advanced formulas and vlookups
ability to thrive in a fast-paced, deadline driven environment while handling multiple projects and priorities simultaneously. flexible and able to pivot quickly when priorities change.
can funnel constructive criticism into new ideas
curious and always trying to learn
a passion for digital marketing and the desire to become an expert
consistent execution and strong attention to detail
a visible pattern of impact and success in whatever you’ve chosen to do in the past
excellent interpersonal skills. strong communication skills, written and oral.
stellar project management skills

preferred skills:

google adwords certified
google analytics certified
basic html, css
experience with sql
experience and understanding of a/b split tests platforms 

if you want to make a real impact every day in an intense, small, fun team environment, send us your resume now!







apply for this job

* required
        











(optional)

almost there! review your information then click 'submit application' to apply.



first name *



last name *



email *



phone



resume/cv


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 














cover letter


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 

















linkedin profile
    





website
    





how did you hear about this job?
    











 



share this job:    













powered by 

 
      read our privacy policy
















