
data scientist, phd (temp-to-hire)

        nabler is offering an opportunity for recent phd graduates in computer science, electrical engineering, or econometrics with
        strong theoretical foundations and programming skills to break into the relatively new, and constantly growing, field
        of data science. we are filling positions as data scientists that include on-the-job training and working onsite
        with one of nabler’s fortune 500 clients. for a trained data scientist, the opportunities are endless! e-commerce,
        digital marketing, and retail companies cannot fill these positions fast enough.
    

        you will be hired as a nabler temporary employee initially, embedded with a world class data science team. you will work
        alongside, and be trained by, leaders in the industry. the intent of the client is to groom and then hire data scientists
        upon successful completion of the probationary period.
    
location
charlotte, north carolina 
applicants must be eligible to work in the specified location
summary

        provides advanced analytical capabilities to support data science initiatives such as insightful business, website, and statistical
        analyses that yield tangible results for client by performing the following duties
    
duties & responsibilities

supports one or more areas of client in providing actionable insights on personalization, search and navigation,
            seo and promotions, supply chain, services, and other company priorities through data science.*
supports the creation of an automated insights generation framework for client’s business partners.*
tracks measures of success and develops dashboard reports that measure financial results, customer satisfaction,
            and engagement metrics for client’s business partners.*
measures and evaluates impact of data science initiatives such as personalization or improved search algorithms.*
identifies innovative ways for measuring and improving customer engagement.*
conducts deep statistical analyses, including predictive and prescriptive modeling.*
develops machine learning models and data science frameworks to support key business initiatives such as personalization
            and recommendations, search recall, relevancy and ranking, and supply chain and network optimization.*
conducts ad-hoc analytical requests, seeing them to completion.*
supports functional area(s) in reaching their goals via timely and insightful analyses.*
supports the development of tactical plans aligned with client’s business strategy in order to bring the vision into
            realization.*
keeps pace with change and maintains a competitive advantage within the marketplace by seeking out and learning changes
            in the field.*
works across the data science team, other analytics colleagues, and business partners such as personalization, search
            and navigation, seo and promotions, social, inventory planning, supply chain, and services to accomplish tasks.*
takes lead on project discovery, project coordination, and project implementation.*
engages in developing the next generation data scientist through the junior data scientists.*
develops communications and conveys message at the appropriate level for the given audience.*

qualifications

        to perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. the requirements
        listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. reasonable accommodations may be
        made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
    
language ability

        ability to read, analyze, and interpret the most complex documents. ability to respond effectively to the most sensitive
        inquiries or complaints. ability to write speeches and articles using original or innovative techniques or style.
        ability to make effective and persuasive speeches and presentations on controversial or complex topics to top management,
        public groups, and/or boards of directors.
    
math ability

        ability to comprehend and apply principles of advanced calculus, modern algebra, and advanced statistical theory. ability
        to work with concepts such as limits, rings, quadratic and differential equations, and proofs of theorems.
    
reasoning ability

        ability to apply principles of logical or scientific thinking to a wide range of intellectual and practical problems. ability
        to deal with nonverbal symbolism (formulas, scientific equations, graphs, musical notes, etc.) in its most difficult
        phases. ability to deal with a variety of abstract and concrete variables.
    
computer skills

        to perform this job successfully, an individual should have knowledge of word processing software, internet software, and
        database software.
    
education/experience

        doctorate of philosophy (ph. d.) or equivalent in computer science or electrical engineering.
    
specialized training

quantitative and machine learning
natural language processing
statistical data analysis
mathematical and analytical modeling
probability and hypothesis testing
monte-carlo and nlp
supervised and un-supervised learning as well as artificial neural networks and deep-learning
time-series analysis, data analysis and visualization
cern root, python tensorflow, matplotlib, r, mathematica, matlab, and octave
scala, sql, nosql, java, and c/c++
git and github, unix sed/awk, bash, working knowledge of hadoop, mapreduce, hive, hbase, and spar.

knowledge, skills, and other abilities

1 - 3 years analytical experience with a bachelor’s degree in related quantitative analytic field or 0 - 1 year analytical
            experience with a master's degree in related quantitative analytic field such as computer science, statistics,
            physics, or economics
experience using multiple data systems and sources including an enterprise grade analytics tool hadoop, spark, aster,
            teradata, netezza, redshift, vertica, alteryx, and tableau
0-2 years programming experience with java, python, scala, and rust
advanced knowledge of sql with at least 2 years of functional experience
knowledge of various statistical modeling techniques with 2 year of functional experience
strong business acumen and ability to understand business problems, develop hypotheses, and test and learn
ability to form relationships/partnerships and lead by influence rather than by authority in a high matrix organization
ability to manage time and priorities while still driving multiple projects at once
strong communication skills and ability to interact with stakeholders and business partners across the organization,
            and at various levels (technical to creative; individual contributors to executives)
2+ years functional experience in performing predictive analytics at a large scale enterprise
masters in related quantitative analytic field

physical demands

        the physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the
        essential functions of this job. reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to
        perform the essential functions.
    

        while performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to stand, walk, sit, use hands, reach with hands
        and arms, and talk or hear. the employee is occasionally required to taste or smell. the employee must occasionally
        lift and/or move up to 25 pounds. specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, distance vision,
        peripheral vision, depth perception, ability to adjust focus, and ability to see color.
    
work environment

        the work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the
        essential functions of this job. reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to
        perform the essential functions.
    

        while performing the duties of this job, the employee is frequently exposed to work near moving mechanical parts. the employee
        is occasionally exposed to risk of electrical shock, and vibration.
    

        the noise level in the work environment is usually moderate.
    
eligibility

        in compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the united
        states and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.
    



apply

« openings at nabler




