




career opportunities









general information


health data analyst


location:
san diego, ca
 
remote location:



# of openings:
1
 
department:



employment duration:
full time
 
exemption status:
exempt


relocation assistance:
n/a
 
added to system:
11/21/17 2:24 pm


job code:
455.171121.5115
 
 



description
health data analyst 
if you’re interested in a career within a customer-focused, team-oriented environment that rewards innovation, quality, integrity and collaboration, medimpact healthcare systems, inc. welcomes your application. medimpact, is a privately-held pharmacy benefit manager (pbm) headquartered in san diego, california. our solutions and services positively influence healthcare outcomes and expenditures, improving the position of our clients in the market. medimpact offers high-value solutions to payers, providers and consumers of healthcare in the u.s. and foreign markets.
position summary
the health data analyst ensures that the company provides the highest quality and accessibility to drug therapy to members and providers; and in this process, to effectively manage the quality and cost-effectiveness of drug and disease management therapy. this position contributes to the design and development of health outcomes research proposals, reports, and manuscripts.
essential functions and responsibilities (other duties may be assigned)

optimizes, automates and tests new and existing code to meet health outcomes research project requirements
assists with overall project design and creates process flow documentation
recommends and implements improvements to existing data analytics processes and assist with adoption of new software tools
defines methodology and analytic approach as required for each specific study design
identifying and defining appropriate statistical techniques used for analysis
processing data including data query, manipulation, and preparation for analysis
performs statistical analysis
integrates pharmacy (including benefits, formulary and eligibility), medical, laboratory, and other data sets types from individual claim-level data sets to patient-level data sets for analyses
constructs summary tables and graphical output of results for incorporation in final reports and manuscripts for publication
prepares concise summary statements and interpretation of research findings for inclusion in final reports and manuscripts for publication
effectively communicates technical and statistical findings with fellow team researchers from initial development of study proposal to preparation of final report
meets predetermined project deadlines and manages work on multiple research projects

education and/or experience                                             
master's degree from a four (4)-year college or university with strong quantitative skills in a health-related discipline; related experience in areas of biostatistics or health data analysis or equivalent experience in statistics with pharmaceutical or public health background required, or an equivalent combination of education and experience.
computer skills
extensive experience using microsoft office applications, especially excel, sas (intermediate to advanced level), writing sql, or pl/sql (intermediate to advanced level) queries involving multiple table joins and nested queries.
this employee is eligible for the referral bonus at level 2.
eoe, m/f/d/v
osha/ada
to perform this job successfully, the successful candidate must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. the requirements listed are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
disclaimer
the above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by people assigned to this classification. they are not intended to be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties, and skills required of personnel so classified.
 



















are you a returning applicant?












previous applicants:


email:





password:





if you do not remember your password click here.




back to search results


new search







