




		data analyst travel behavior - careers at resource systems group inc. 	

































		    back to openings		    






data analyst: travel behavior

 department:
transportmr group	
 location:


rsg is seeking a data analyst to join our growing transport market research consulting practice. this position will be located out of our arlington, virginia or san diego, california offices.
as a data analyst
you are involved location data process processing and analysis, implementing methods and tools for evaluation of passively collected geolocation data. you also are involved in all phases of the market research process including: designing and implementing research approaches and survey questionnaires; survey administration, database management and preparation, up through conducting analysis using sql, spss, r, excel, and occasionally specialized statistical software; and writing reports based on the analysis findings.
you are passionate about transportation and data science. you work with a team of travel behavior researchers to support our public-sector clients such as the us department of transportation, state departments of transportation, and metropolitan planning organizations. your team works primarily on travel behavior research studies and on developing ways to improve traveler behavior research.
as a member of our growing firm, you are a team player who is extremely organized, detail-oriented, proactive and self-motivated. you possess strong analytic, quantitative and problem-solving skills and have a desire to manage or quickly advance into managing technical aspects of our projects. with exceptional computational skills, your keen analytical mind is always seeking ways to innovate and improve efficiency.
required qualifications

bachelor’s degree with a strong academic record in a technical field such as statistics, math, economics, engineering data science, geography, market research, business, or a similarly relevant quantitative field of stud
2-4 years of professional experience, preferably in an analytics position
proficiency in analysis using excel, python, spss, r, and occasionally specialized statistical software
proficiency in relational databases (microsoft sql server, postgresql, mysql)
proficiency using python and arcgis
outstanding writing, communication, and teaming skills with colleagues
ability to manage multiple competing priorities and deadlines across projects
interest and/or experience in transportation and travel behavior analytics
interest and/or experience in gps and smartphone data and technology

preferred qualifications 

master’s degree (or equivalent work experience in data analytics, statistics, math, economics, engineering, geography, market research, business, or a similarly relevant field


bachelor's degree with 5 or more years of professional experience, preferably in an analytics position

benefits

100% employee-owned company with employee stock ownership plan
 award winning culture and workplace flexibility: http://www.whenworkworks.org/workplace-awards/rsg-2  
competitive 401(k) with matching, medical with hsa, dental, vision, disability and other insurance coverage
many other unique benefits including floating holidays, lunch every wednesday, paid volunteer time, fuel efficient vehicle purchase assistance, transit fare contribution and first-time homebuyer’s down payment assistance

periodic travel is required. position is based in arlington, virginia. placement in another rsg office may be considered based upon candidate qualifications.
rsg is not currently accepting h-1b applicants for this position. eeo/aa employer/vet/disabled. 
to apply: please visit our employment page: http://rsginc.com/join-us 

start your application








applicant tracking system powered by 















