


mitchell :: careers ::data informatics analyst 3















































please enable cookies to continue
please enable cookies in your browser to experience all the personalized features of this site, including the ability to apply for a job.







welcome page







returning candidate?

log back in!












data informatics analyst 3


job location

us-ca-san diego





job id

17-7601


type

regular hire









company overview






mitchell international, inc. is a leading provider of information and workflow solutions to the property & casualty claims industry and their supply chain partners. we solve interesting and complex problems that directly affect the customers our clients serve. we are constantly adapting to stay on the forefront of emerging technologies and we work diligently to maintain our position as a thought leader within our industry.








job description 






responsible for design, development, and maintenance of visualizations, reports, and analyseswork with product management, product development, business teams, and customers to translate needs into data reports, data insights and extractsintegrate data from multiple sources to produce requested or required data elementsoptimize visual information for easier consumption and actionable metricsmaintain processes for making sure data are accurate and up-to-date representedwork with clients to gather requirements and provide recommendations








qualifications






we are looking for candidates with strong sql experience, tableau development experience, an eye for design, and who enjoy working in a consulting environment with clients.2 to 5 years of demonstrated experience in a business or data analyst role working with databases such as postgres, mysql, oracle, and/or ms sql serverat least 1 year of advanced reporting and analytical experience utilizing tableausolid experience in developing queries and reports based upon user requirementsstrong interpersonal and communication skills and ability to work with teams and customersself-directed, highly organized and able to independently coordinate multiple assignmentsa bachelor's degree ( i.e. in computer science, mathematics, statistics, economics) or equivalent experience





options

apply for this job onlineapplyshareemail this job to a friendrefer


sorry the share function is not working properly at this moment. please refresh the page and try again later.

share on your newsfeed




connect with us!




not ready to apply? connect with us via our talent pools.







application faqssoftware powered by icimswww.icims.com









