

core informatics- business analyst (san diego, ca)






















 












business analyst (san diego, ca)




the business analyst is primarily responsible for gathering functional requirements from end users and translating those functional requirements into a user requirements specification document (urs). the business analyst creates the vision of how the requirements overlay onto the corelims and coreeln products out of the box functionality to produce a cohesive solution, providing functional options to the customer teams to ensure implementation and system use within project timelines. 
 
responsibilities
general

partner with the customer to establish deployment objectives and success criteria and help them develop a plan to achieve those objectives.
develop a comprehensive understanding of the customer’s industry business challenges and objectives to appropriately map core informatics features and associated business benefits to address their needs.
serve as a customer advocate in driving industry best practices and the evolution of core informatics product and platform functionality, courses and support services integral to the customer's success.
become a core informatics expert in currently available functionality and be comfortable and adept at quickly learning and adopting enhancements as they are introduced.
	 

solution implementation

document customer success criteria in line with customer business objectives and manage the customer to those objectives.
contribute to the development of and tracking against project plans around requirements gathering progress, milestones and targeted go-live date.
identify risks to the customer achieving their stated business objectives and develop risk mitigation plans to manage the risk with customer and core informatics team members.
gather software requirements from end users and assist in writing user requirement documents.
assist in implementing system configurations for customers based on requirements.
work closely with engineering resources to define requirements for product changes.
provide periodic updates to customer stakeholders on the progress of the customer implementations.
ensure all customer communication and documentation is recorded in appropriate repositories (jira confluence, salesforce, etc.) to maintain product documentation.
	 

success management

participate in the development of external and internal documentation including technical and user requirement specifications and standard operating procedures.
provide detailed descriptions of new product features to assist core informatics with product documentation and training materials including user manuals, training presentations and videos.
provide insight toward product development initiatives from information gathered from customer requirement gathering sessions.
manage customer expectations around system functionality, propose alternatives where needed and proactively manage customer requirements sessions towards completion against project timelines.
assist the company with corporate content regarding product features and releases including company websites, product brochures, training materials and release notes.
assist the core informatics team with recruiting, hiring and training additional business analysts.
additional responsibilities as deemed necessary by supervisor.
	 

qualifications 
required

bachelor’s degree in a scientific discipline strongly preferred (chemistry, biochemistry, or chemical engineering) or computer science.
highly organized, creative and motivated, energized working in entrepreneurial culture, self-starter, excellent written communications and presentation skills.
strong understanding of information technology and enterprise information management solutions.
understanding of laboratory processes and methods.
strong analytical and problem solving skills.
ability to manage complex, high-value accounts.
ability to juggle multiple tasks, establish and manage competing priorities, work independently and be proactive and perform effectively under pressure.
ability to anticipate issues, risk and work proactively to develop alternatives to ensure delivery.
willingness to travel.
	 

preferred

experience within the biotech or pharmaceutical industry.
experience with lims.
experience with saas and paas software delivery models.
expertise and experience dealing with large, complicated, political accounts at the most senior it and business levels.
	 

about core informatics
core informatics is a rapidly growing software company focused on delivering scientific data management solutions to leading organizations in biopharma, genomics, and other scientific industries. the visionary team at core helps companies maximize the value of their investments in scientific research aimed at developing new treatments for diseases, creating new sources of renewable energy and inventing new and improved consumer products. 

core’s lims, eln, sdms, and collaboration products and pre-configured apps support dynamic lab workflows for drug discovery and development (molecular biology, bioprocess, sample registration, etc.), research and clinical genomics (ngs, library prep, etc.), and more. our solutions are highly configurable and allow customers to comprehensively manage their data in the 100% web- and cloud-based platform for science. our software can be delivered on premise, or in amazon web services (aws) via software as a service (saas) and platform as a service (paas) models. 

our clients are making the world better – when they succeed, we succeed. we seek individuals who are passionate about learning, improving, and collaborating as we create new technology solutions to complex scientific challenges.
 this is a full time position 




            visit                  
                    careers
                  
                 at core informatics          



share this job















apply now









leave this field blank



personal information



* first name                  


* last name                  


* email                  


                    address                  


* city                  


* state                  


alabama
alaska
arizona
arkansas
california
colorado
connecticut
delaware
district of columbia
florida
georgia
hawaii
idaho
illinois
indiana
iowa
kansas
kentucky
louisiana
maine
maryland
massachusetts
michigan
minnesota
mississippi
missouri
montana
nebraska
nevada
new hampshire
new jersey
new mexico
new york
north carolina
north dakota
ohio
oklahoma
oregon
pennsylvania
rhode island
south carolina
south dakota
tennessee
texas
utah
vermont
virginia
washington
west virginia
wisconsin
wyoming



                    zip code                  


* phone number                  



attachments




* attach your resume                    



attach











paste













                      attach a cover letter                    



attach













other information



                                    how did you hear about this position?                


a100beyondcaljobscareer trackercore informatics websitect hiresdiceemployee referralexternal recruiterglassdoorhireableihiresalespeopleihiretechnologyindeedjob fairjobs flagjobs galorejujujujukimble grouplinkedinmonstermy.jobssimply hiredtheladdersus.jobswalk-inweb searchziprecruiterother 

* please enter who you were referred by



* please enter how you heard about this position



* 
                                    are you legally authorized to work in the united states?                


yesno 

* 
                                    will you now or in the future require sponsorship for employment visa status (e.g., h-1b, tn, green card, etc.)?                


yesno 



                  submit                



                  apply                



                  continue                


 
 
 







 

