



job application for data engineer at vice u.s.






















          apply now
        
data engineer

        at vice u.s.
      
(view all jobs)

        vice bk
      


about the role:
we are seeking a data engineer to join our team, helping to build and maintain a new business intelligence platform that supports data analysis, exploration, and aggregation of data across multiple source systems. in this role you will get to work with large amounts of data coming from structured, semi-structured and unstructured data sources to create a hub for analysis and reporting.
 
responsibilities 

develop reliable data pipelines that convert data into powerful reports.
design real time and batch data processing pipelines for different systems to consume
develop tools to monitor, debug, and analyze data pipelines
design and implement data schemas and models that can scale
collaborate closely with product team to build new features and infrastructure

 
required skills & experience 

2+ years of experience in etl work
2+ years of experience in oltp and olap
2+ years of experience in programming in any of python / java / scala / sql
2+ years of experience on linux o/s with automation experience
experience with data pipelines in any luigi, talend, aws glue and/or data pipeline is a plus.
aws kinesis, emr, redshift and/or bigquery is a plus.
google api, youtube api, facebook api, twitter api and/or oauth is a plus.
strong experience in improving performance of queries and data jobs and scaling the system for exponential growth in data.
strong analytical skills and query writing.
expert debugging skills and emphasis on automated tests to build high quality systems
bs in computer science, statistics, mathematics or related technical discipline

 







apply for this job

* required
        


first name *



last name *



email *



phone *




              location (city)
                *




resume/cv *


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 














cover letter


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 

















desired compensation
    





linkedin profile
    





website
    





how did you hear about this job?
    











 



share this job:    













powered by 

 
      read our privacy policy
















