



software engineer  - avea solutions

























job openings >> software engineer software engineer summarytitle:software engineer id:1009department:product developmentmore about this job >descriptionthis job is open to applicants residing anywhere within the united states and canada.
 
why work at avea?
avea is transforming the behavioral healthcare space by providing substance abuse and eating disorder-focused institutional providers with cutting edge technology and services for streamlining revenue cycle management, allowing providers to spend more time with their patients – and less managing their money.
 
if you join our team you will participate in a business that is changing the medical insurance industry and, ultimately, you’ll be a part of saving lives and improving patient care across the nation. we are growing fast and opportunities are expanding every month.
 
our dev team loves coming to work every day because

we’re collecting a vast data set with myriad possible applications 
we build code that addresses user needs, solves business problems, and streamlines internal processes.
the members of our team bring a diverse set of technical and cultural backgrounds.
business decisions at avea are driven by our data, analyses, and insights.
real healthcare professionals will utilize the products you build to solve real world problems
we like to have fun - team lunches, and happy hours!

 
here's what you can expect

collaborate with a team of extremely intelligent and fun people 
leverage learning and knowledge to create the most straight-forward business processes possible for behavioral healthcare organizations.
play a fundamental role in creating a user experience that is revolutionary for our audience.
learn from experienced mentors and build your technical and non-technical skill sets.
apply your teaching skills. we believe that teaching is the best way to learn and we all have something to learn from each other. 

 
what you’ll need to succeed 

a least three years of previous experience in software development using c# / .net and asp.net mvc


decent knowledge of front-end/back-end development and fairly complex business workflows;
experience with entity framework. this proficiency is an absolute must;
excellent problem-solving skills;
understand team foundation services or other version control systems
possess excellent code-review & debugging skills
have a high standard for version control process & documentation
show demonstrated experience finding solutions for complex situations
are detail-oriented in execution & communication with a high standard for accuracy
self-starter; able to manage your tasks and projects;
fast learner; curiosity about and passion for data;


skills to have include knowledge of

excel and the ms office suite 
visual studio 2015/2017
entity framework
javascript
jquery



your perks

100% paid medical insurance, including vision, and dental. after waiting period
401k after waiting period
80 hours pto + 40 hours of sick time annually, after 90 days
potential for employer sponsored learning opportunities 
parking passes provided for neighborhood street parking
within walking distance of max, multiple bus lines, and street car
sit stand desks 
kitchen stocked with snacks 
flex time opportunities
office with large windows and plentiful light 

 
more about avea
we believe our users and our employees should have the tools to:

work smarter, not harder
spend less time searching for information
focus on building your business

these beliefs inspired us to start avea solutions and they still fuel our passion every day. from just three guys with an idea, the avea family has grown to over two dozen people, each dedicated to providing superior support and software that’s pioneering real change in the behavioral health industry.  
 
contact us
please send a resume, and cover letter and tell us a little bit about your hobbies, to careers@aveasolutions.com
candidates are required to pass a background check before beginning employment.
avea solutions is an equal opportunity employer that abides by federal and state laws that prohibit discrimination against all individuals based on their race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation or national origin; or their status as protected veterans or individuals with disabilities.
  apply now     refer to a friend  alternatively, you can apply to this job using your profile on one of the following sites: 






copyright 2017 avea solutions. all rights reserved.powered by applicantstack™ applicant tracking




