






data analyst (data quality/integrity) description at encore capital group





















skip navigation




connect with us

linkedin
twitter



corporate home
about encore
account managers
benefits

show menu
 







search jobs

keyword search



city, region, postal code



search radius
radius
5 miles
15 miles
25 miles
35 miles
50 miles



go

 
go


bright minds. 
open communication.
enter a world of opportunity.
by promoting a culture of learning, we bring together people from diverse backgrounds and skill sets to generate innovative solutions. working here, you’ll thrive in a professional environment infused with creativity and collaboration. discover what happens when passion drives performance.





data analyst (data quality/integrity)
apply now

job descriptionthe data analyst is primarily responsible for managing department databases for legal collections and ensuring data quality is achieved and maintained. this includes establishing processes to monitor data quality and resolve any irregularities by assessing impacts, alerting stakeholders and driving progress toward resolution. the data analyst works with operations analysts, business and it to help define user requirements, test and implement new systems and processes to support business needs. this person also develops and runs analyses, tools and ad-hoc reports to support business needs including legal requests, and identifying issues, trends and opportunities.  the role works closely with teams across multiple geographies across the globe including the mis team on reporting projects, operations analysts on ad-hoc business requests, and the business intelligence team on data projects and issue resolution. the data analyst will use tools such as sas, cognos, aginity for netezza, sql server, excel as well as source systems and best practices to accomplish these objectives.  the person will also document best practices and add to and maintain a resource library for analyst teams.responsibilities:write sql and sas code to implement technical solutions to execute business strategy / processes. 60%develop and maintain the monitoring of reports and analytical tools to ensure accuracy, identify trends / issues / opportunities. 20%perform ad hoc data extraction, analyses and segmentations as required. 10%work with it to test new data repositories to support the business. 10%skills & experience:required qualification(s):bachelorquantitative fieldstrong desire to design and develop data processes and reports to support business initiatives.appropriately communicate technical concepts with people of varying degrees of technical understanding, and business needs to it.basic understanding of databases, sql, data mining techniqueseager desire to learn data management concepts and terminology including data warehouse conceptsproficiency with ms office (excel, powerpoint)englishresponsibilitiesdevelop and implement technical solutions to execute business strategy / processes. 60%develop and maintain monitoring reports and analytical tools to ensure accuracy, identify trends / issues / opportunities. 20%make recommendations to improve business processes. 10%perform ad hoc data extraction, analyses and segmentations as required. 10%qualificationseducation:required: bachelor; quantitative fieldlanguages:required: englishwork experience:required: 1 - 2 years experience in an analytical / quantitative role, or equivalent education and experience. experience in designing and running queries. proficiency with ms office, especially excel.preferred:   advanced proficiency with ms office, especially excel.position titledata analyst (data quality/integrity)locationca - san diegocategoryoperations decision scienceposition statusfull time
          
        
apply now





sign up to receive  job alerts
email addressareas of interestsearch for a category, location, or category/location pair, select a term from the suggestions, and click “add”.categorylocationaddremove

confirm email














home
locations
contact us
sitemap
privacy policy and state disclosures
©2015 encore capital group all rights reserved. 
 
midland credit management
midland funding llc
credit research institute








