





sr data analyst - cymer careers


































home
company
technology
community
careers











engineering

controls
electrical
euv
field service
manufacturing
mechanical
optics
physics
software


students

interns
new college grads


diversity
veterans































				☰
			
















jobs




help




 benefits




insights




do's and don'ts









settings





























					sr data analyst
				



new



🔍
						california,san diego
					







📁
engineering



📅




0006208 requisition #






apply for job

share this job

sign up for job alerts











asml is one of the world’s leading manufacturers of lithography systems that help enable moore’s law and the creation of increasingly powerful and capable electronic devices. at our san diego location we are renowned for developing both deep ultraviolet (duv) lithography light sources and next generation extreme ultraviolet (euv) light sources.   we are a multinational company with over 70 locations in 16 countries, headquartered in veldhoven, the netherlands.
if you have a passion for technology and innovation you’ll want to check us out. be a part of asml. be a part of progress.
 
summary
 
lpp euv is generated by firing high energy laser pulses at tin droplet targets at repetition rates beyond 100 khz. the quality, velocity, and precise positioning of the droplets are key factors in the efficiency and stability of the process, which in turn determines the achievable power and dose of the euv source. the data analyst runs predictive modeling, statistics, trend analysis, and other data analysis to collect, explore, and utilize the right data to be analyzed from internal and external sources to ensure performance meets product performance and industrialization specifications. works closely with key cross-functional groups to identify system/business performance and to assist in system and service predictors, field trend analysis, business and financial modeling.
 
duties and responsibilities

develops methods and processes used for data extraction, system performance analysis and presentation ready report generation capabilities
utilizes performance analysis tools for installed based system performance monitoring aimed at identifying design improvement needs and service and maintenance event requirements.
runs predictive modeling, statistics, trend analysis and other data analysis techniques, utilizing the right data to be analyzed from internal and external sources.
produces reports and tools for automation report generation using appropriate business metrics or indicators and provides to management as requested.
ensures that real-time monitoring of product occurs and is measured and reported per established performance goals
assist in establishment of methods to monitor key system metrics; updates metric data collection systems for changes to key system metrics


excellent written, verbal, and presentation communication skills.
ability to translate, statistically analyze data, and effectively report problems through written and/or graphical formats.
excellent customer service skills, with an advanced understanding of customer relationship building.
in depth knowledge of ms word, excel, powerpoint, lotus notes
in depth knowledge of ms sql and analytical software preferred
exposure to key methods for statistical analysis.
ability to partner with senior staff to identify events and trends
must be able to handle multiple projects and manage multiple priorities with minimum assistance.
must be able to validate data, extract pertinent information, identify key trends, and present the information in a clear and concise method.
analyze performance trends at each level to identify process improvements, training opportunities, service event opportunities, etc.
able to train service personnel in use and interpretation of trend data.
education and/or experience

masters or bachelor’s degree or equivalent in mathematics, engineering, physics, computer science, or statistics or related field. 
database design (pl/sql) experience is required.
preferred experience with business intelligence (bi) tools (e.g. spotfire, sap, telerik, etc.)
basic it skills (web, database, software) necessary. 
typically requires 6 years of experience or equivalent
broad manufacturing knowledge: world-class operations, flow-production, lean manufacturing, cleanroom standards and procedures, 5s etc.
six sigma green belt certification required;  black belt certification preferred
physical demands and work environment
the physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

while performing the duties of this job, the employee routinely is required to sit; walk; talk; hear; use hands to keyboard, finger, handle, and feel; stoop, kneel, crouch, twist, reach, and stretch.
the employee is occasionally required to move around the campus.
the employee may occasionally lift and/or move up to 20 pounds.
requires international business travel and possible domestic travel as needed
specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, color vision, peripheral vision, depth perception, and ability to adjust focus.
can work under deadlines.
the environment generally is moderate in temperature and noise level.
must be able to read and interpret data, information, and documents.
must be able to observe and respond to people and situations and interact with others encountered in the course of work.
must be able to learn and apply new information or skills.











































previous job searches











my profile


create and manage profiles for future opportunities.
go to profile









my submissions


track your opportunities.
my submissions













similar listings




test engineer (3rd shift)


 california,san diego
📁 engineering


requisition #:
0006089





sr quality engineer


 california,san diego
📁 engineering


requisition #:
0006119





sr. integration engineers


 california,san diego
📁 engineering


requisition #:
0006303





view more listings


















jobs




help




sitemap




 benefits




insights




do's and don'ts





					©  cymer careers. all rights reserved.
				










privacy policy


































1
0



