


job opportunities - comscore, inc -software engineer














































please enable cookies to continue
please enable cookies in your browser to experience all the personalized features of this site, including the ability to apply for a job.







welcome page







returning candidate?

log back in!












software engineer


job locations

us-or-portland

posted date

3 months ago



id

20535


# of openings

1


category

software engineering & technology









job description






job title: software engineerlocation: portland, orreports to: senior vice president, technology job function the software engineer delivers solutions to internal and external customers. this may include the design, modification, development and implementation of software programming applications. additionally, the senior software engineer may lead and direct the work of others. a wide degree of creativity and latitude is expected, as well as an understanding of business needs and requirements. essential duties and responsibilities • modifies, writes and documents software programming applications.• consults with clients to gather information about program needs, objectives, functions, features and input and output requirements.• works with stakeholders to understand problem statements and suggest possible implementations.• demonstrates personal ownership and takes accountability for larger assigned tasks.• designs and codes screen layouts, graphical user interfaces, printed outputs and interfaces with other systems. converts designs and specifications into computer code. compiles code into programs and corrects errors detected in compile process. analyzes code to find causes of errors and revises programs.• consults with client to prototype, refine, test and debug programs to meet needs.• provides technical assistance by responding to inquiries from others regarding errors, problems or questions about programs.• may train end users or technical support staff to use programs.• follows development best practices and standards. ability to define and improve development practices and policies.• ability to estimate, design and develop new modules and complex enhancements to the system.• provide guidance to engineers on design and framework improvements.   pair with engineers where appropriate.• design techniques include re-use, performance and integration concepts.• ability to provide accurate estimates and impact of changes or enhancements. considerations include development approach to align with business target dates.• provide system framework and design improvements suggestions for the system. ability to document and present framework improvements for use by department (‘brown-bag seminars’).• understanding of end to end system modules and integration points.• ability to suggest design options for concept product features or enhancements. qualifications • bachelor's degree in a related area as well as 0-2+ years experience • knowledge of commonly used concepts, practices, and procedures.• knowledge of object oriented programming languages such as c++, java, perl, etc. working knowledge of either back end data processing or front-end reporting and ui frameworks. about comscore:  comscore, inc. (otc: scor) is a leading cross-platform measurement company that measures audiences, brands and consumer behavior everywhere.  comscore is a recognized global leader in cross-platform measurement of audiences, advertising and consumer behavior. built on precision and innovation, comscore combines proprietary tv, digital and movie viewing data with vast demographic details to measure consumers’ multiscreen behavior at scale. with more than 3,200 clients and a global footprint that spans more than 75 countries, comscore is delivering the future of media measurement. eeo statement: we are an equal employment opportunity employer. all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, disability status, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by law. *li-dz1





options

apply for this job onlineapplysharerefer this job to a friendrefer


sorry the share function is not working properly at this moment. please refresh the page and try again later.

share on your newsfeed




connect with us!




don't see your ideal role at comscore listed here? that's ok, we still want to stay in touch, because new roles become available frequently. click below to join our talent network, and we'll keep you updated on all the happenings at comscore and alert you when there is a role that might be exactly what you are looking for!  connect with us to stay informed!







application faqssoftware powered by icimswww.icims.com









