
data mining/analyst job - b.e.a.t. llc - camp pendleton, ca | indeed.com






















skip to job description, searchclose










find jobscompany reviewsfind salariesfind resumesemployers / post job







upload your resume


sign in







:







what
where





advanced job search


 

 



 



job title, keywords or company


city, state, or zip












data mining/analyst

b.e.a.t. llc
     -
camp pendleton, ca


                indeed salary estimate: $83,000 - $106,000 a year




candidates must have experience in data mining and analysis. specifically, the contractor personnel shall have experience designing decision support analytical cubes and reports from local and external data sources. candidates shall be proficient with managing and maintaining a mid-sized data warehouse within a healthcare environment.duties and responsibilities: data mining analysis solutions encompassed within the data warehouse framework are based on key performance measures as determined by the executive steering council and generally involve clinical, financial and human resource metrics. data obtained will be extracted from local systems already owned by the government. work with executive leadership and other internal customers on a daily basis to document, design and develop new and changing requirements which include; estimating time and cost required to accomplish projects, analyze source system data to understand the data structure, definitions and anomalies, develop and implement data mining/analytical solutions. solutions will be designed to be deployed/integrated by internal products (sql server reporting services (ssrs), ms office 2007, and web based interfaces)additionally, candidates must be proficient in: microsoft (ms) office · ms server 2003/2008/2012sql server 2008 r2, sql server 2012ms sql server reporting services (ssrs)ms sql server integration services (ssis)visual basicvisual studio 2008: ssrs 2008, ssis 2008visual studio 2012/visual studio 2010:lightswitch 2011, silverlightoracle 11g: essentrisintersystems: chcs cachecold fusion 11iis 7.0sharepoint 2010dmrhsi/sldcada (dod human resources sites – reports)sql server tools, such as profiler, dta, ssms, sac, sscm, perfmon, dmvs, system · scripting language such as c#, powershell, vbscript, wsh.business intelligence development studio (bids) for sql server reporting services (2005/2008).t-sql, p-sql, mdx, visual basic, c#the successful candidate must obtain ia technical level ii upon contract award in accordance with dod 8570.01-m, information assurance workforce improvement program. must have comptia security+ (sec+) certificationminimum desired education.:  bachelor’s degree in a related field of study with a minimum of five (3) years of experience.the successful candidate must be able to read, write, and speak english fluently in order to effectively communicate with all personnel eligible for medical care and the staff of the medical treatment facility (mtf) and must have the ability to enunciate with sufficient clarity to be readily understood by patients and staff.the successful candidate must possess sufficient initiative, interpersonal relationship skills and social sensitivity such that they can relate constructively to a variety of patients and staff from diverse backgrounds.to perform the job successfully, the successful candidate should demonstrate:strong people skills with the ability to work in a team environmentexcellent problem-solving skillssolid communication skillsthis position requires the candidate to be able to obtain a public trust security clearance. in order to obtain a clearance, you need to be a us citizen and show proof of citizenship .job type: full-timejob location:camp pendleton, carequired education:associaterequired experience:data warehouse, data analysis data mining: 3 yearsrequired language:englishrequired licenses or certifications:comptia security + certificationsecret security clearanceus citzen

13 days ago   -  save job









» apply now

            please review all application instructions before applying to b.e.a.t. llc.






other jobs you may like


data miner/analyst

b.e.a.t. llc -
					camp pendleton, ca
5 days ago


marketing/data analyst

nextgen global resources -
					carlsbad, ca
8 days ago

 easily apply



bi data modeler/analyst

diverse lynx -
					carlsbad, ca
30+ days ago


master data analyst

breg -
					carlsbad, ca
26 days ago


marketing analyst

mindgruve -
					san diego, ca
2 days ago

 easily apply






 









                        b.e.a.t. llc


                our mission
headquartered in san antonio, texas, business enabled acquisition & technology, (beat llc), is a global healthcare, business,...



let employers find youthousands of employers search for candidates on indeedupload your resume










about - help center


©2017 indeed - cookies, privacy and terms



let employers find you  upload your resume










indeed salary estimatewe know salary is a key component of your decision whether or not to apply for a job. so when the hiring company hasn’t provided a salary for a job, we look at salary data from related companies and locations to come up with a reasonable estimate for what you can expect.with over 450,000,000 salaries collected from other jobs and employees, we use one of the biggest salary databases in the world to inform these estimates. and because we are continually adding feedback from users like you, we are able to keep refining our accuracy.these salary estimates are not endorsed by the hiring companies and may vary from what’s actually offered, but we have a pretty great record of getting close enough for you to make an informed decision.is this your job listing? send us feedback to correct an inaccurate salary estimate.

