




data & analytics sr platform engineer at nike inc






















skip navigation




shop


nike+













corporate careers
retail careers
benefits
locations
internships
temporary opportunities – u.s.




















nike it careers
nike corporate employees shatter limits daily at company headquarters and offices around the world.







data & analytics sr platform engineer
apply now

become a part of the nike, inc. team
nike, inc. does more than outfit the world's best athletes. it is a place to explore potential, obliterate boundaries and push out the edges of what can be. the company looks for people who can grow, think, dream and create. its culture thrives by embracing diversity and rewarding imagination. the brand seeks achievers, leaders and visionaries. at nike, it’s about each person bringing skills and passion to a challenging and constantly evolving game.
nike technology designs, creates and implements the methods and tools needed to make the world’s largest sports brand run faster, smarter and more securely. global technology teams aggressively innovate the solutions needed to help employees navigate nike's rapidly evolving landscape. from infrastructure to security and supply chain operations, technology specialists drive growth through top-flight hardware, software and enterprise applications. simply put, without nike technology, there are no nike products. 
description
        amazon cloud engineer to support our team responsible for the management of day-to-day operations and maintenance of our cloud-based infrastructures to ensure smooth 24x7 operation.  the right candidate will contribute to system design, capacity planning, operations, maintenance, implementation and sustainment activities across development, staging and production environments and will work closely with engineering and program managers to ensure proper and timely deployment of customer’s solutions.additional responsibilities include:•	participate in system design planning, review, and implementation working groups.•	participate in providing technology assessments in support of automation and technology migration initiatives.•	recommend improvements; maintain/monitor production and non-production systems to ensure infrastructure performs at maximum efficiency.•	provide support of our applications including escalation and system performance of production platforms.•	develop and maintain plans to ensure successful recovery of operating systems in the event of a disaster, per dr policy.•	perform systems analysis and tuning to ensure optimal operating systems response for multi-user applications.•	implement/maintain it security guidelines.•	use innovative methods and technologies to identify and solve problems related to performance, scalability, reliability, and availability.•	automating operational processes using scripting languages.•	develop, implement, and continually improve system and network monitoring and alerting capabilities and procedures.•	write knowledge base documents to improve operations, sop and contribute to it organization.
qualifications
        •	amazon web services operation, maintenance, implementation and design.o	includes vpc maintenance/setup, emr clusters, ec2 management, iam, cloudtrail, cloudwatch, ebs management, ami and more.•	windows 2008 systems administration or linux systems administration•	strong scripting for task automation in python or other complex language•	cloud management system apis.•	strong written and verbal communication skills.required experience•	general linux (redhat, centos) or windows (2008, 2012) system administration practices.•	strong scripting background for task automation and experience with cloud management system apis.•	strong analytical and problem-solving skills.•	working knowledge of networking infrastructures, including lan, wan, vpn, etc.•	ensuring that solutions leverage industry best practices.•	demonstrated ability to generate and maintain technical documentation is required.•	experience with active directory, active directory federation services (adfs), saml, web single sign-on (sso), oauth and related authentication technologies•	transport layer security / ssl principles and management  qualifications: •	bachelors’ degree or equivalent work experience in a technical or quantitative field; masters or mba degree a plus.•	employment experience in a fortune 100 company is a plus.•	5+ years project experience deploying cloud solutions (aws)•	3+ years architecting and implementing amazon web services infrastructure and topologies
nike, inc. is a growth company that looks for team members to grow with it. nike offers a generous total rewards package, casual work environment, a diverse and inclusive culture, and an electric atmosphere for professional development. no matter the location, or the role, every nike employee shares one galvanizing mission: to bring inspiration and innovation to every athlete* in the world.
nike, inc. is committed to employing a diverse workforce. qualified applicants will receive consideration without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, veteran status, or disability.
job id 00361909

apply now


still looking?
find the right career here.


search


keyword



location




radius
radius
5 miles
15 miles
25 miles
35 miles
50 miles



go






job recommendations
with just 1 click and a connection with linkedin, you can receive job listings that best match your previous positions.
match my jobs



share

email
linkedin
facebook
tumblr






job alerts
first namelast nameemail addressinterested insign up for job alerts by choosing a category and/or location. start typing for suggestions and click the button to add your alerts before submitting. you must have at least 1 alert added in order to subscribe.categorylocationaddtechnology, portland, oregon, united statesremovedigital & technology, portland, oregon, united statesremoveit, portland, oregon, united statesremoveremove

confirm email









join our talent community
didn't find what you're looking for? submit your information for future consideration.
sign up






internships
get fully immersed in our culture of curiosity and innovation. start a corporate internship at nike.
learn more




innovation at nike
take a behind the scenes look at how nike employees shaped product and experiences for the biggest football tournament in the world.
learn more




benefits
as part of the world’s leading sports brand enjoy great benefits that fit, varied by position and location.
learn more




locations
employees in six continents and 53-plus countries make up one global nike team.
learn more








mobile

orders
stories
help



first

gift cards
find a store
sign up for email
join nike+



second

get help
order status
shipping and delivery
returns
payment options
contact us



third

news
about nike
careers
investors
converse careers
sustainable innovation
ca supply chains act




social





































united states © 2017 nike, inc. all rights reserved


guides

nikeid
running
basketball
nfl
golf
nike sprtswear
soccer
skateboarding
tennis
kids
flyknit
nike free
lunarion
dri-fit
nike zoom
tech pack
football
baseball
nike innovation
nike flyease
nike grind


terms & conditions
privacy policy
sitemap
ca supply chains act



nike, inc. is committed to employing a diverse workforce. qualified applicants will receive consideration without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, protected veteran status, or disability. nike is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodation to individuals with disabilities. if, because of a medical condition or disability, you need a reasonable accommodation for any part of the employment process, please call 503-671-4156 and let us know the nature of your request, your location and your contact information.
for more information, please refer to equal employment opportunity is the law.














