

management science associates careers





























 









careers




homeemployment listingsabout useventsblogannouncementsfaqs




 


your user session will timeout in 5 minutes.  please click ok to continue with your application.

















					data analyst ii
				


						tracking code
					

						2016193 
					

						job description
					

 
overview: management science associates, inc., (msa) is a diversified information management company that for over half a century has given market leaders the competitive edge in data management, analytics and technology. we are seeking an experienced data analyst ii to join the msa information management solutions (ims) division which has been offering data and insight solutions to the consumer package goods industry since the early 1980s.
 
as a data analyst ii you will be working closely with a cross sectional team of it, client relations and operational personnel to manage and deliver data directly to our clients.  this will include data loading, cleansing, master data management and extraction as well as building data warehouses and reporting.  you will work across multiple it groups to ensure system releases are successfully migrated to production and that all deliverables reach our clients on time and correct.  this position is a great way to build skills in master data management, sql and data analysis.
 
responsibilities: 

translate client requirements into specific tasks and actions needed to deliver on our commitments
load, query, extract and validate data
refresh databases with current data, ensure data is correct and prepare reports and other deliverables for our clients
identify problems and proactively look for areas to automate and improve. 
participate in user acceptance testing (uat) and system implementations.  perform quality assurance functions to validate data, software, hardware, or procedure changes.
communicate and work with other ims cross functional teams



						required skills
					



bachelor's degree in computer science or related discipline or equivalent experience.  a master's degree in a relevant discipline may substitute for one year of experience


minimum two years related experience performing data management, quality assurance, and operational database support tasks

microsoft office
sql
relational database and data analysis
oracle and unix
knowledge of database structures and data models
interpersonal and communication skills
multi-tasking skills

 
desired skills and expereince

scheduling software i.e. control m or appworx
project management
experience with third party reporting and master data management tools
training skills



						job location
					

						pittsburgh, pennsylvania, united states
					

						position type
					

						full-time/regular
					





							apply
						











								share
							






















					return to job listings
				
















contact
privacy policy




©2017 management science associates, inc. all rights reserved.












