








apply for bny mellon ora-strat & analytics analyst job - risk - multiple
























skip to main content





















































toggle navigation











who we are
what we do
our thinking




client access
careers
investor relations
news
contact















bny mellon careers







get future jobs matching this search.







 get alerts 




 please enter a valid email.
 unfortunately, our network is not responding. please try again later.
 your job alert was successfully created.






share this job


























ora-strat & analytics analyst


multiple locations:
pittsburgh, pennsylvania; new  york, new york




categories: risk





apply




job description



the operational risk assurance unit provides independent and effective validation of the adequacy, conceptual soundness and effectiveness of bny mellon's operational risk management framework (ormf). ora ensures: 1) consistent application of the or framework throughout business lines, 2) appropriate challenge and oversight by the second line of defense and, 3) demonstrates that the operational risk management systems and outcomes are comprehensive and being executed consistently with documented quality standards, regulatory requirements, and the organization's ormf. this includes accuracy of data in capital modeling, related submissions and internal management reporting. success in this role requires the individual to possess the following attributes: strong analytical, process & technology orientation; advanced sharepoint, microsoft access and excel skills are necessary; html and/or vba coding experience and familiarity with reporting tools (e.g. tableau, power bi, jasper soft, etc.) is a plus. the role will include development of key tools to aggregate, analyze and distribute data and trending analysis, as well as supporting the design and implementation of analytic models to drive these processes. candidates should be detail oriented and have the mental acuity to analyze complex sets of data and requirements through both quantitative and qualitative lenses to determine and articulate their significance and apparent trends against review objectives. candidate should also have advanced power point capability to assist in the design of key templates and management information reports. an understanding of operational risk management or experience in similar risk and control disciplines is helpful. candidate must be able to think at a macro level and contribute to the process of summarizing key points in reporting. the same skill must be leveraged to complete monitoring of analytics at the macro level to identify risk pockets within the business / functions against the operation of the ops risk framework. candidate must be organized and have excellent time management skills. intelligent, mature, team-oriented, hard-working, a self-starter and creative problem solver.  qualifications minimum requirements: bs/ba required with 6-8 years of relevant experience. information technology/data modeling/controls experience is preferred. english is the language minimum. for over 230 years, the people of bny mellon have been at the forefront of finance, expanding the financial markets while supporting investors throughout the investment lifecycle. bny mellon can act as a single point of contact for clients looking to create, trade, hold, manage, service, distribute or restructure investments & safeguards nearly one-fifth of the world's financial assets. bny mellon remains one of the safest, most trusted and admired companies. every day our employees make their mark by helping clients better manage and service their financial assets around the world. whether providing financial services for institutions, corporations or individual investors, clients count on the people of bny mellon across time zones and in 35 countries and more than 100 markets. it's the collective ambition, innovative thinking and exceptionally focused client service paired with a commitment to doing what is right that continues to set us apart. make your mark: bnymellon.com/careers.risk and compliance provide risk and compliance services across all bny mellon businesses. organizationally, risk and compliance includes the following groups: risk management, compliance, global corporate security, information risk management and global business continuity.  risk management oversees and delivers risk services and ensures new business risks are reviewed and approved.  risk management is organized through chief risk offices for each core business and critical operation. risk managers provide shared support to bny mellon for operational risk services for global corporate trust, depositary receipts, treasury services and global operations in emea.  compliance helps ensure bny mellon's businesses maintain appropriate processes to comply with applicable laws, regulations, bny mellon policies and ethics.  this is accomplished through business- and business partner-specific teams of professionals, under centralized global management.bny mellon is an equal employment opportunity/affirmative action employer.minorities/females/individuals with disabilities/protected veterans.  primary location: united states-pennsylvania-pittsburgh internal jobcode: 33515 job: risk organization: risk-hr06016 requisition number: 1712405





 


see jobs by: 

categories


locations













who we are
our story
leadership
social responsibility




what we do
our services
who we serve
investment services
investment management
wealth management




our thinking
business insights
foresight
library















client access
careers
investor relations
news
contact




sitemap
suppliers
cookies
privacy
terms of use
©2017 the bank of new york mellon corporation






















