




data scientist- advanced analytics-n. america analytics at nike inc






















skip navigation




shop


nike+













corporate careers
retail careers
benefits
locations
internships
temporary opportunities – u.s.




















nike it careers
nike corporate employees shatter limits daily at company headquarters and offices around the world.







data scientist- advanced analytics-n. america analytics
apply now

become a part of the nike, inc. team
nike, inc. does more than outfit the world's best athletes. it is a place to explore potential, obliterate boundaries and push out the edges of what can be. the company looks for people who can grow, think, dream and create. its culture thrives by embracing diversity and rewarding imagination. the brand seeks achievers, leaders and visionaries. at nike, it’s about each person bringing skills and passion to a challenging and constantly evolving game.
nike technology designs, creates and implements the methods and tools needed to make the world’s largest sports brand run faster, smarter and more securely. global technology teams aggressively innovate the solutions needed to help employees navigate nike's rapidly evolving landscape. from infrastructure to security and supply chain operations, technology specialists drive growth through top-flight hardware, software and enterprise applications. simply put, without nike technology, there are no nike products. 
description
        at nike, we are always on the offense, and we are looking for talented and energetic self-starters with a passion for analytics to join our north america analytics team.  as a data scientist, you will directly shape the future of advanced analytics at nike by delving deeper into our data, gaining insights from it, developing solutions, and presenting recommendations to senior leaders. you will also learn how to lead high-visibility cross-functional projects and implementation of capabilities such as predictive analytics tools and solutions, data visualization, and building an advanced analytics platform.  you will work on high visibility, relevant, and influential questions and opportunities that will help nike surpass its growth targets.as a data scientist, you will collaborate with a team of data scientists, solutions delivery managers, engineers, and business stakeholders to enhance and execute high-impact advanced analytics solutions across the north america organization.  you will employ advanced data modeling and forecasting techniques to explore strategic business opportunities and to prescribe actionable recommendations to leverage those opportunities.  you will also play a pivotal role in elevating our advanced analytics capabilities. ideal candidates will have a strong academic background as well as technical skills including applied statistics, machine learning, data mining, and software development. familiarity working with large-scale datasets and big data techniques would be a plus.the role is perfect for a team player with very strong advanced analytics experience, drive, curiosity, and exceptional communication skills.  you know how to rise above the numbers and explain the essential insights to business users, and you instinctively minimize complexity to focus on results.  while you rely on data to prove your point, you love to think outside the box and solve problems creatively.  you thrive in a fast-paced entrepreneurial environment, and you are excited by the challenge of building something from the ground up. as part of this role, you will be expected and encouraged to keep your advanced analytics skills sharp and current, and will have the opportunity to work the full development lifecycle of putting analytics solutions into production.
qualifications
        qualifications:requirements for this position include:·         phd (+2 year experience) or ms (+5-7 year experience) in a quantitative field (statistics, economics, advanced analytics, operations research, applied mathematics, decision sciences, computer science, engineering, and other relevant quantitative fields ·         very strong technical and analytical skillset (r, python, sql, tableau, predictive analytics, forecasting, data mining, machine learning, text analytics, algorithm designs, bayesian methods etc.)·         proven ability to sift through data, identify critical information, develop hypotheses, perform rigorous analyses, and make recommendations to broader audiences ·         excellent written and verbal communication skills, including superior presentation skills ·         prior experience synthesizing and packaging complex analyses and delivering results to non-technical audiences including senior leadership teams·         demonstrated ability to use data to influence strategic decision making ·         familiarity with agile development methodologies nike, inc. is committed to employing a diverse workforce. qualified applicants will receive consideration without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, veteran status, or disability. 
nike, inc. is a growth company that looks for team members to grow with it. nike offers a generous total rewards package, casual work environment, a diverse and inclusive culture, and an electric atmosphere for professional development. no matter the location, or the role, every nike employee shares one galvanizing mission: to bring inspiration and innovation to every athlete* in the world.
nike, inc. is committed to employing a diverse workforce. qualified applicants will receive consideration without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, veteran status, or disability.
job id 00350495

apply now


still looking?
find the right career here.


search


keyword



location




radius
radius
5 miles
15 miles
25 miles
35 miles
50 miles



go






job recommendations
with just 1 click and a connection with linkedin, you can receive job listings that best match your previous positions.
match my jobs



share

email
linkedin
facebook
tumblr






job alerts
first namelast nameemail addressinterested insign up for job alerts by choosing a category and/or location. start typing for suggestions and click the button to add your alerts before submitting. you must have at least 1 alert added in order to subscribe.categorylocationaddtechnology, portland, oregon, united statesremovedigital & technology, portland, oregon, united statesremoveit, portland, oregon, united statesremoveremove

confirm email









join our talent community
didn't find what you're looking for? submit your information for future consideration.
sign up






internships
get fully immersed in our culture of curiosity and innovation. start a corporate internship at nike.
learn more




innovation at nike
take a behind the scenes look at how nike employees shaped product and experiences for the biggest football tournament in the world.
learn more




benefits
as part of the world’s leading sports brand enjoy great benefits that fit, varied by position and location.
learn more




locations
employees in six continents and 53-plus countries make up one global nike team.
learn more








mobile

orders
stories
help



first

gift cards
find a store
sign up for email
join nike+



second

get help
order status
shipping and delivery
returns
payment options
contact us



third

news
about nike
careers
investors
converse careers
sustainable innovation
ca supply chains act




social





































united states © 2017 nike, inc. all rights reserved


guides

nikeid
running
basketball
nfl
golf
nike sprtswear
soccer
skateboarding
tennis
kids
flyknit
nike free
lunarion
dri-fit
nike zoom
tech pack
football
baseball
nike innovation
nike flyease
nike grind


terms & conditions
privacy policy
sitemap
ca supply chains act



nike, inc. is committed to employing a diverse workforce. qualified applicants will receive consideration without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, protected veteran status, or disability. nike is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodation to individuals with disabilities. if, because of a medical condition or disability, you need a reasonable accommodation for any part of the employment process, please call 503-671-4156 and let us know the nature of your request, your location and your contact information.
for more information, please refer to equal employment opportunity is the law.














