





ddi career opportunities









data insight analyst



description
the data insight analyst will use his/her skills, creativity, and passion to accelerate the transformation of ddi’s data configuration, analysis, and reporting processes in order to provide ddi clients with insight-provoking analytic reports.
accountabilities

acquire knowledge of ddi’s data sources and data relationships. 
enable the transfer of current data integration, configuration, analysis, and reporting processes from manual desktop-based to automated server-based technologies (e.g., ssis, ssrs, ssms) and azure data lake.
use sql and r to access, clean, manipulate, and link data from multiple sources, and write database reporting tables. 
partner with other technology groups on enterprise data store design/development.  develop and utilize usql and jupyter to manipulate and explore data.  design reporting capabilities that utilize the data lake.
collaborate on and support initiatives that promote enterprise data governance. 
design, develop, and deliver client-facing data visualizations, dashboards, and reports with ssrs and powerbi.
partner with ddi’s practice area to:
	
explore potential ways ddi’s data can be leveraged to provide client value.


continuously expand data visualization capabilities that lead to actionable workforce insights and answer clients’ workforce management questions. 
	
train other associates how to use newly designed and implemented tools and processes.
gather, document, and share back report interpretation and insight generation best practices.



basic qualifications
(these are the minimum qualifications you need to be considered for the job)

bachelor’s degree and minimum of 1-3 years of experience in some combination of data management, advanced analytics, visualization, business insights, and data science.
applied experience with sql, r, and power bi (including m and dax)
willingness to learn usql and jupyter
ability to show flexibility, initiative, and innovation when dealing with ambiguous and fast-paced situations.

preferred qualifications

graduate degree in data science, data visualization, advanced analytics, quantitative psychology, or related field
experience with other programing languages such as python and javascript 
experience with ssis, ssrs, and visual studio
experience with spss or other statistics application
experience working with human factors, psychological measurement, or related data types
ideal candidates will demonstrate innovation, customer focus, attention to detail, and initiative.















are you a returning applicant?












previous applicants:


email:





password:





if you do not remember your password click here.




back to search results


new search







