









current job openings | careers at trimet















        for full functionality of this page it is necessary to enable javascript. 
        here are the 
        instructions how to enable javascript in your web browser



software engineer | careers at trimet page has loaded. 

software engineer | careers at trimet page has loaded. 








  click here or press any key to continue.






                        we updated our privacy policy and terms of use, effective december 12, 2017. view privacy policy and terms of use

×















menu







                close menu
            










                        careers at trimet
                    




 




careers home
                                        



current job openings
                                        



class specifications
                                        



help & support
                            



legal & privacy
                            




social




facebook





youtube





twitter










current job openings




sign in












                don't have an account?
                create one.
            

                already have an account?
                sign in.
            








username
















                applications
                





                inbox
                





                profile
            




                account
            




                sign out
                after clicking on this link you will be logged out and the page will be reloaded.










welcome!
thanks for creating an account.













careers at trimet




powered by
neogov
®












                software engineer
            



print









                    apply
                







software engineer





                        location
                        




portland, or






job type


non-union regular full-time




department


information technology






job number


17-00176









closing



                continuous
            






description


benefits






description
if you are a software engineer who has always wanted to write code that serves the community in which you live, trimet may be providing you with that rare opportunity. trimet is widely recognized as the leader across the country in the technology of transit. the stuff we have built is truly a model for transit systems everywhere! so, if you want to help create a legacy and do things that will impress your friends and family as they use your software, this may be a great opportunity. our software engineering team is currently moving to a team-based, pseudo-agile development process. two-week sprints, rapid development, streamlined processes, all within a team that is very smart and gets along very, very well. it's a pretty cool job! and this team is changing things in transit, updating systems and defining the path that will likely be adopted by many other cities. it's a fluid group, and has no room for someone who doesn't want to grow and contribute and take initiative. so, to be successful, you should have at least 4 years of web-based software development experience, as well as a technical degree. the strong candidate will have a broad range of skills. we are not working in a single stack, so if you aren't a software "generalist", you will struggle in this role. you will need skills in database work, as we have huge amounts of data and need to connect the trimet field teams to real-time data. so etl and network experience is great. but this is front-end work, so some knowledge of apis and javascript and open source and python and and....  you get the idea!!  oh, and testing/test driven development is great as well. this role will fix bad stuff and build awesome new stuff. you will streamline things, develop crazy good web apps and create lots of interconnectivity. on a very positive team. if this sounds like you could thrive in a stable, solid organization that is growing, and you would enjoy creating cutting edge stuff in a world that needs your help, apply! we want to know of you!
selection criteria
to learn more about the position click heremake sure you describe in detail how your education, training and work experience fit with this role. and be encouraged to attach a resume, cover letter, training certificates and/or letters of recommendation with your application. you are permitted five attachments of less than 5mb each. internal applicants: information in your personnel file will not be used in lieu of information requested on your application. incomplete applications will not be considered. if you are a qualified veteran and would like to apply for veterans' preference points, you will need to reflect your status on the application and attach supporting documentation at the time of application submission. if you need accommodation under the americans with disabilities act for any part of the application process, contact our human resources staff at 503-962-7505, or the tty line at 7-1-1. note that we require a minimum of two workdays' notice prior to the need for accommodation. trimet is an equal opportunity employer, committed to developing an organization that is reflective of and sensitive to the needs of the diverse community we serve, including veterans, the elderly, and individuals with disabilities.




regular full-time or limited term full-timenon-union employee benefits a regular full-time, non-union employee is an employee who works a minimum of 30 hours per week. a limited term, full-time employee must be hired for six or more months, have a predetermined ending date, and work a minimum of 30 hours per week.medical plan options regence non-union ppo 80/20 - deductible: $300 individual/$900 family; office visit: 20%, after deductible; out-of-pocket max: $2,300 individual/$6,900 family; prescription drugs: $10 generic/$25 or 20% formulary/50% non-formulary. benefits listed are for in-network, preferred providers. regence non-union health savings account (hsa) - deductible: $1,500 individual/$3,000 family; office visit: 20%, after deductible; out-of-pocket max: $5,000 individual/$10,000 family; prescription drugs: 20%, after deductible. benefits listed are for in-network, preferred providers. kaiser permanente hmo - no deductible; office visit: $10 copay; out-of-pocket max: $600 individual/$1,200 family; prescription drugs: $10 copay.all medical plans include prescription drug and vision coverage. dental plan options delta dental of oregon, provided by moda - preventive services paid at: 100%; basic services paid at: 80%; major services paid at: 50%; $2,000 max benefit per person/year; orthodontia paid at: 50% to $3,000 lifetime max/person. kaiser dental - $10 copay; preventive services paid at: 100%; basic services paid at: 80%; major services paid at: 50%; $2,000 max benefit per person/year; orthodontia paid at: 50% to $3,000 lifetime max/person.coverage effective date - medical and dental insurance is effective first of the month following date of hire.  waive medical and dental coverage - trimet non-union, exempt employees who waive their medical and dental coverage through trimet and provide proof of coverage outside of trimet, will receive $250 per month as taxable income. medical and dental rates – non-union employees working 30+ hours/week pay 6% of the total monthly premium for medical and dental.  non-union employees working 20-29 hours/week pay 25% of the total monthly premium.medical and dental rates – non-union employees working 30+ hours/week pay 6% of the total monthly premium for medical and dental.  the rates below reflect the employee's portion of the monthly premium.rates effective january 1, 2018regence non-union 80/20 ppoemployee: $ 36.12employee & spouse: $ 75.86employee & child(ren): $ 63.22employee & family: $ 101.14regence non-union hsaemployee: $ 27.96employee & spouse: $ 58.72employee & child(ren): $ 48.94employee & family: $ 78.28non-union hsa employer monthly contributionemployee: $ 62.50employee & spouse: $ 125.00employee & child(ren): $ 125.00employee & family: $ 125.00kaiser permanente hmoemployee: $ 33.44employee & spouse: $ 66.90employee & child(ren): $ 60.20employee & family: $ 100.34delta dental of oregonemployee: $ 3.68employee & spouse: $ 6.96employee & child(ren): $ 7.00employee & family: $ 10.50kaiser dentalemployee: $ 3.82employee & spouse: $ 7.22employee & child(ren): $ 7.26employee & family: $ 10.88employee assistance program (eap)trimet employees have access to the eap through cascade centers.  the eap is a free, confidential resource available to help employees (and their household members) with life's everyday issues.  it also provides many other services including, but not limited to: counseling sessions, webinars, financial coaching, home ownership program, and online access to a wealth of information and resources.wellness programtrimet supports health and wellness through our wellness matters program.  annual wellness offerings include: onsite biometric screening and flu shot clinics.flexible spending accounts health care spending account - allows employees to set aside pre-tax dollars to pay for medical, vision, and dental expenses not covered by their health plan. dependent care spending account - allows employees to set aside pre-tax dollars to pay for dependent care expenses.   limited flexible spending account - allows employees enrolled in the regence hsa plan to set aside pre-tax dollars to pay for vision and dental expenses not covered by their health plan.long-term disability insuranceavailable to eligible, non-union employees working at least 20 hours/week, 90-day waiting period, pays 60% of the employee's salary to a maximum of $10,000/month. life and accidental death & dismemberment (ad&d) insurancebasic life and accidental death & dismemberment (ad&d) insurance - trimet provides basic life and ad&d insurance to assist employees and their families in the event of death or dismemberment.benefit amount: 1x annual earnings, $150,000 maxvoluntary life and ad&d insurance - employees may purchase additional life and ad&d insurance for themselves, spouse/domestic partner, and their child(ren).  employees pay the full cost for this insurance and must elect coverage for themselves in order to elect coverage for their dependents.pensiondefined contribution plan 401(a)trimet provides a defined contribution pension plan to non-union employees. trimet deposits the equivalent of 8 percent of a non-union employee's base pay into an investment account each pay period. the employee also has the option of contributing up to 15 percent of his/her base pay pre-tax to the account each pay period. the employee directs the investment of the employee's individual account. the employee is vested in the account after three years of service. deferred compensation plan 457a deferred compensation plan section 457 (a plan for public employees) allows the employee to build retirement savings with pre-tax dollars to supplement pension, social security and private investment.sick leaveemployees receive 12 sick days of leave for a total of 96 hours (8 hours x 12 days) each january 1.  unused sick leave can be carried over to a maximum of 1,700 hours (212.5 days).  employees hired mid-year receive a prorated amount of sick leave for the first year hired. upon separation, 60% of accrued sick leave is deposited into your 401(a) account up to a maximum of 1,700 hours. holidaysnon-union employees have one day off with pay on each of the following holidays:  new year's day, memorial day, independence day, labor day, thanksgiving and christmas. personal dayseach regular non-union employee is allotted six (6) personal days with pay to be used within the calendar year.  employees hired mid-year receive a prorated amount of personal day for the first year hired. vacationsemployees accrue vacation eligibility for each continuous full year of service effective on the date of hire anniversary.  for employee hired on or after november 15, 2012, the following schedule will apply: years of service                   weeks of vacationupon employment*                       2 weeksafter 5 years                                  3 weeksafter 10 years                                4 weeksafter 15 years                                5 weeks *during the first year of employment with trimet if employment is terminated within the first year, the two weeks of vacation are not eligible for payout.  other than during the first year of employment, if employment is terminated, both the employee's banked vacation, and the vacation that has accrued ratably since the employee's last date of hire anniversary is eligible for payout in accordance with this policy. free transit pass all active employees, their spouses/domestic partners, and eligible* dependents are eligible for a photo identification badge, which is honored as a bus/max pass on all lines of the district.*child dependents are eligible for a free transit pass up to age 19, or age 24 if living at home and attending school full-time. frequent flyer mileagefrequent flyer miles (miles flown on business or resulting from a business expense) may be applied to personal frequent flyer miles. tei membershiptrimet's corporate fitness center (tei) is available to employees, and their spouse or eligible domestic partner, at five locations.  membership dues are only $13.00 per month for trimet employees and an additional $6.00 per month for a spouse or eligible domestic partner.notice: the information contained in this document is intended solely to provide general information regarding the benefits offered by trimet.  this information is subject to change at any time. revised: 12/06/2017 






agency
trimet




address


                        1800 sw first avenue suite 300


                        portland, oregon, 97201.
                    





phone

(503) 962-7505                        





website


                        http://trimet.org/careers
                    




 


                    apply
                



            your browser does not support the iframe feature, which is required by this web page.
        










                    current job openings
                



                    account
                




copyright © 2017












careers at trimet


current job openings










                support
            






sign in form is opened
job application


job details



applying as:

|

                    support
                




                close
            












                close
            







































