


careers center - business analyst














































please enable cookies to continue
please enable cookies in your browser to experience all the personalized features of this site, including the ability to apply for a job.







welcome page







returning candidate?

log back in!












business analyst




posted date

8 hours ago



job id

2016-1026


location

pittsburgh


category

requirements & project management









overview






sdlc partners is hiring business analysts!  we have multiple openings for senior (5-8 years of exp) and intermediate business analysts  who have experience in agile or waterfall environments, are proficient with sql and are self starters.  we are interviewing immediately. sdlc partners works with executives in healthcare, retail, and other industries who want sustainable growth while reducing cost, increasing efficiency and improving their customer experience. in addition to our people, our key difference is our commitment to execution excellence that delivers solutions connecting business, operations and technology. we have been recognized by the pittsburgh technology council, the pittsburgh business times, and inc. magazine as one of the region’s fastest growing consulting firms. we are continuously looking for talented professionals that align to our culture and core behaviors.








responsibilities






determine, define, and document/map system specifications as well as process improvementsparticipate and/or add leadership value in requirements sessions (i.e. jad sessions)gather various types of requirements including data, functional, business, and technical








qualifications






education:  bachelor's degree in information sciences or related fieldexperience:  3 – 5 years  (intermediate) or 5+ years (senior) of experience in interfacing with various layers of an it organizationspecialized knowledge (preferred):creation, as well as execution, of use cases is strongly preferredproficiency in software quality assurance and technical writing effortsadditional qualifications:experience working as a consultant is preferredexcellent written and verbal communications skills and presentation skillsstrong skills in analysis, problem solving, communication, documentation and critical thinkingdesire for achievement and actionself-starter, ability to project manage work and work of otherscompetenciesexecutes all tasks related to the elicitation, collecting and documenting of functional, non-functional, and domain requirementsis involved in all phases of software engineering from requirements gathering to qa testing and project implementationuses business modeling such as uml (unified modeling language) to convert requirements into different types of 'models' or 'diagrams', each of which describes a particular aspect of the requirementscan independently create clear, testable requirements that results can be measured against the functional documentationuses enterprise analysis to perform problem analysis to formulate solutions for business needsunderstands and suggests how it systems and technology can help solve business problemsunderstands and can assist with implementation of configuration managementhas a good understanding of one or more commonly used methodologies such as rup, waterfall, and agile/scrumcan use requirement management documentation tools like hp quality center, reqpro, etc.can perform key requirements aspects like traceability, reusability to accurately document the requirementsassist in facilitation of qa/uat testing to assure quality control of the business requirements





options

apply for this job onlineapplyshareemail this job to a friendrefer


sorry the share function is not working properly at this moment. please refresh the page and try again later.

share on your newsfeed





application faqssoftware powered by icimswww.icims.com









