






 
	keylogic - careers





















































aboutleadership teamawards & certificationstestimonialsin the communitynews & eventsnewseventspress kitwhite paperscontact usexperiencenational securitydisaarmyhomeland securitynavyenergy & environmentenergyepacivilnasalaborirsveterans affairsinteriornoaahudeducationintelligenceprivate sectorsystems architecture and software developmentbusiness opportunity tracking systemsoftware internationalizationcall center datawarehousecapabilitiessolutionsr&d technology managementenergy & environmental technology managementbi/information visualizationbudget solutions performance management/evmresiliency servicessystem engineering / developmentsystem development lifecyclebusiness intelligenceprogram & project managementprogram planning & strategyimplementation planningacquisition managementiv&vinformation assuranceintelligence community supportdoing business with uscontract vehiclesdhs eagle iigsa it schedule 70gsa mobisgsa pesfbi it triple sepa ppmssirs tipss-4navy seaport-earmy benet labspartner contractsnaic codesindustry partnerspartner information formcareerswhy keylogic?corporate cultureemployee testimonialssearch for jobscontact usblog























keylogic is seeking outstanding candidates with industry experience to join our expanding team!


business analyst





location:
pittsburgh, pa


job code:
1027



description
the business analyst will support keylogic and the national energy technology laboratory (netl) in performing professional duties related to the review, assessment, and development of business processes, provide ad hoc, in-depth data analysis and visual work products to meet our client's, netl's, business needs.
the ideal candidate is someone with a proven initiative, excellent attention to detail, and a willingness to work in a flexible, fast-paced environment.  this position will support all netl business groups including, but not limited to, senior executives, financial analysts, administrators, project managers, and subject matter experts.
the analyst will assist with any business need such as, providing program and project oversight, management administrative support, ad-hoc analysis in support of business needs, and anticipatory service to the federal client.  the analyst is expected to assist with group facilitation; communications needs; training design, development, and delivery; and support various forms of knowledge transfer.  occasional interstate travel to other keylogic or client office locations may be required.
position requirements:

bachelor's degree
us citizenship or green card
experience with utilizing multiple programs and tools:  microsoft office suite (including project and visio), cad software, adobe photoshop and illustrator, gis, data visualization software (tableau), sharepoint, wireframe software (balsamiq, invision), atlassian jira, confluence, or microspft tfs
understanding of programming languages such as python, html, css, javascript, c++, and sql is preferred
wed design experience is highly desired

position responsibilities:

collaborate with our customer to identify, document, and communicate business needs and provide it solutions.
plan, elicit, capture, analyze, and validate business and functional requirements.
facilitate requirements elicitation sessions and walk-throughs with it resources.
perform current state analysis of existing netl systems, applications, and functions.
produce quality requirements-related work products, including requirement specifications, process flows, mock-ups, and wireframes.
plan, facilitate, and execute functional testing and uat for projects.
become knowledgeable about netl operational functions, processes, and workflows associated with assigned projects.
understand the relationships, dependencies, and impact of netl's organizational units
become a subject-matter expert (sme) who can easily act as a liaison between it and netl organizational units.
understand core systems, applications, and technical platforms.
document, analyze, and assess current business processes and underlying systems/applications.
develop business cases associated with new project requests and coordinate tactical-related business requests for it development enhancements.
develop and report on internal usability and user experience through surveys.
develop and conceptualize technical graphics, designs, and templates for various communications products.



about keylogic:
keylogic is a highly successful provider of professional and engineering services. we specialize in solutions that enable our customers to make better decisions for their organization. keylogic’s  performance has earned the company a solid reputation for high standards, proactive solutions, and an outstanding commitment to the customer, best exemplified by the fact we have never had a one-time federal customer — all of our customers have provided repeat business. 
keylogic has achieved seventeen consecutive years of growth since its founding in 1999. our client list includes the department of defense (dod), where we provide services for the defense information systems agency (disa) and the u.s. army and navy, environmental protection agency (epa), departments of labor (dol), energy (doe), transportation (dot) and treasury (including the internal revenue service (irs)), general services administration (gsa), and the national aeronautics and space administration (nasa).

keylogic has successfully attained a capability maturity model integration for development (cmmi-dev) maturity level 3 rating. cmmi-dev is a process improvement approach for software engineering and organizational development that provides organizations with the essential best practices needed to meet business goals. only three-percent of small and medium federal contractors have achieved cmmi maturity level 3. keylogic joins this distinguished group.  
keylogic systems is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer - minorities/females/protected veterans/disabled.
 


























previous applicants:


email:





password:





if you do not remember your password click here.




<< back to job listing














experience
civilnasalaborirsveterans affairsinteriornoaahudeducationnational securitydisaarmyhomeland securitynavy
energy & environmentenergyepaintelligenceprivate sectorsystems architecture and software developmentbusiness opportunity tracking systemsoftware internationalizationcall center datawarehouse









capabilities
solutionsr&d technology managementenergy & environmental technology managementbi/information visualizationbudget solutions performance management/evmresiliency servicessystem engineering / developmentsystem development lifecyclebusiness intelligence
program & project managementprogram planning & strategyimplementation planningacquisition managementiv&vinformation assuranceintelligence community support









contract vehicles
contract vehiclesdhs eagle iigsa it schedule 70gsa mobisgsa pesfbi it triple sepa ppmssirs tipss-4navy seaport-earmy benet labspartner contracts








awards & certifications




   












email


email required

invalid email







facebook twitter linkedin you tube










about  |  capabilities  |  experience  |  working with keylogic  |  careers  |  contact us  |  employee login







	copyright © 2013 keylogic systems, inc. 









