








apply for bny mellon data warehouse functional analyst - regulatory reporting job - finance/accounting - pittsburgh, pennsylvania
























skip to main content





















































toggle navigation











who we are
what we do
our thinking




client access
careers
investor relations
news
contact















bny mellon careers







get future jobs matching this search.







 get alerts 




 please enter a valid email.
 unfortunately, our network is not responding. please try again later.
 your job alert was successfully created.






share this job


























data warehouse functional analyst - regulatory reporting


locations:
pittsburgh, pennsylvania




categories: finance/accounting





apply




job description



 the irdm functional analyst will be a key contributor to the reporting and analysis of financial and/or risk data required to complete regulatory filings in an accurate and timely manner. this role is responsible for supervision and submission of more complex data, data analysis and responding to data inquiries. this role requires attention to detail and multi-tasking in a fast-paced, deadline driven environment. the individual in this role will work independently to complete his/her workload, work extensively in collaboration within regulatory reporting and with business partners across the firm.  the individual in this role will also be required to identify, resolve and communicate issues to management, comprehend regulatory rules and research and implement new report requirements. 
   
 the successful candidate will be required to develop quality control checks to ensure completeness and accuracy. will need to understand, interpret and implement regulatory requirements, as defined by the regulatory reporting team. will be responsible for evaluating day to day tasks and consider adequacy of controls and automation opportunities. will be asked to prepare ad-hoc reports as needed and special project assignments.  qualifications  bachelor of science is required (in accounting is preferred) or equivalent work experience as well as 8+ years of regulatory or relevant financial reporting experience.  strong written and oral communication skills are required. sql skills are required, as well as previous data analysis experience. data warehousing experience a plus#li-jb1  for over 230 years, the people of bny mellon have been at the forefront of finance, expanding the financial markets while supporting investors throughout the investment lifecycle. bny mellon can act as a single point of contact for clients looking to create, trade, hold, manage, service, distribute or restructure investments & safeguards nearly one-fifth of the world's financial assets. bny mellon remains one of the safest, most trusted and admired companies. every day our employees make their mark by helping clients better manage and service their financial assets around the world. whether providing financial services for institutions, corporations or individual investors, clients count on the people of bny mellon across time zones and in 35 countries and more than 100 markets. it's the collective ambition, innovative thinking and exceptionally focused client service paired with a commitment to doing what is right that continues to set us apart. make your mark: bnymellon.com/careers.finance helps our internal clients outperform over time. at bny mellon, finance serves our internal clients by providing world-class accounting operations and control and decision support while instituting world-class change management.

global procurement is responsible for establishing the programs to acquire products and services for bny mellon by employing deep category knowledge and commodity expertise, coupled with an understanding of the needs of our businesses and business partner groups.

the corporate treasury group is responsible for managing the investment portfolios and the liquidity and capital positions of the various subsidiary banks and of  bny mellon.bny mellon is an equal employment opportunity/affirmative action employer.minorities/females/individuals with disabilities/protected veterans.  primary location: united states-pennsylvania-pittsburgh internal jobcode: 09633 job: finance/accounting organization: finance-hr06599 requisition number: 1715057





 


see jobs by: 

categories


locations













who we are
our story
leadership
social responsibility




what we do
our services
who we serve
investment services
investment management
wealth management




our thinking
business insights
foresight
library















client access
careers
investor relations
news
contact




sitemap
suppliers
cookies
privacy
terms of use
©2017 the bank of new york mellon corporation






















