


			product analyst -			niche.com -
			job board
		























































places to live
k-12
colleges





see all open positions at niche





product analyst
company overview
niche is a website that helps you discover the schools and neighborhoods that are right for you. we have in-depth reviews, rankings, and statistics on every college, k-12 school, and neighborhood in the u.s. and millions of monthly website visitors. located in pittsburgh, pa in the heart of shadyside, we're quickly becoming one of the largest websites in the u.s.
 
job summary
product analysts at niche are responsible for driving the research and analytics initiatives that underlie every layer of our strategy, from the company roadmap to individual projects. they are also the product point people responsible for leading projects through the development cycle.  
 
responsibilities and duties

question everything. how could we make this more usable,  more profitable, faster, more robust?
 
get the right data for your question, and answer it.  run an a/b test. mine the database. do some user tests. build a model. field a survey.
 
get it built. shepherd your project through design, tech, qa. talk to the right people, hold the right meetings, follow up.
 

qualifications and skills
required experience

2+ years of quantitative work experience or degree in a quantitative field 
sql, r, or python experience
strong understanding of statistical reasoning and experimental design

useful experience

web analytics
a/b testing
survey writing
statistical modelling
 

benefits and perks
this is a full time, salaried position with competitive compensation and benefits including 20 paid days off per year, paid parental leave, stock options, simple ira, and a comprehensive health plan, including vision and dental, provided at no cost to the employee. niche is committed to the local community and offers three paid volunteering days per year. we’ve also been ranked as one of the best places to work in southwestern pa by the pittsburgh business times. eoe.




apply for this position










			* required fields
		















first name*





last name*





email address*





phone number*





resume*


attach resume or
					paste resume





						attach resume as .pdf, .doc, or .docx (limit 2mb) or
						paste resume



 




						paste your resume here or
						attach resume file



 



what makes you a good fit for this position?*


















working at niche

niche is a small team based in pittsburgh, pennsylvania. we’re a unique blend of data scientists, engineers, parents, and “yinzers” who are looking for exceptional talent to grow our company. read more about niche and check out our team page.
we believe people’s lives are made better by having the right resources to inform their biggest life decisions. your ideas and work will make an immediate impact on our company and millions of users.

our excellent benefits



free premium health, dental, and vision insurance



stock options and simple ira with generous match



unlimited commonplace coffee and snacks



paid maternity and paternity leave



company happy hours and tuesday lunches



20 days of paid time off 



paid bus pass and subsidized parking



paid volunteer days






see all open positions at niche


 





