


743618 senior reporting analyst multiple locations

















 skip to main content

 































my profile
my saved jobs
network with us








jobs


back
jobs
search jobs
my profile
my saved jobs
my saved searches



why work here


back
why work here
corporate fast facts
our affiliates
our locations
our businesses
top 7 reasons
rewards & benefits
mission and values
our work environment
awards and recognition
diversity
newsroom
meet our people



career areas


back
career areas
clinical
consulting
corporate services
customer service and claims
health care operations
project management
sales & marketing
technology



getting hired


back
getting hired
recruiter chat
career events
go social
our hiring process
digital video interviewing
transitioning military
resume advice
interview tips
frequently asked questions
unitedhealth group blog



college


back
college
student programs
frequently asked questions
college recruiting blog
career events
























improve the lives of others while doing your life's best work.sm

my saved searches (0) 


 



select a job field
all
account management
analytics
acct mgmt oh
actuarial
admin support services
aviation
behavioral
billing
business operations
claims
communications
customer services
enroll & empl contract install
executive leadership team
executive officers
external affairs
finance
government affairs
healthcare delivery
healthcare economics
human capital
information technology
international
legal
marketing and advertising
medical & clinical operations
network contract installation
network contracting & pricing
network management
nursing
optuminsight consulting
pharmaceutical research
pharmacy
product
project management
real estate services
regulatory & compliance
sales support
sales/direct selling
senior leadership team
sourcing & procurement
training
underwriting & pricing






united states
brazil
india
philippines
united kingdom
canada
ireland
australia





 







find all jobs near me

                            geolocation is not available
                        


















senior reporting analyst - multiple locations (743618)



apply
job saved
save job


 position description 
some people take things as they come. others relentlessly push themselves to go farther. combine health care and technology, which are two of the fastest-growing fields on the planet, with unitedhealth group's culture of performance, collaboration and opportunity and this is what you get:  industry-leading health care services at a company that's improving the lives of millions. as a senior reporting analyst you will design and develop reports and analyze data to measure clinical outcomes, network performance and methodology levers. you will investigate key business problems through quantitative analyses of utilization and health care costs data. as the consultant, you will interpret and analyze clinical data from various sources and recommend best approaches for its consolidation. your analyses will be used to create viable, real-world solutions in a complex health care landscape. the work is as challenging as it is rewarding. you'll open doors to new opportunities. this is where bold people with big ideas are writing the next chapter in health care. join us. there's never been a better time to do your life's best work. (sm)                                             
 
primary responsibilities: 

anticipates customer needs and proactively develops solutions to meet them
serves as a key resource on complex and/or critical issues
solves complex problems and develops innovative solutions
performs complex conceptual analyses
reviews work performed by others and provides recommendations for improvement
forecasts and plans resource requirements
authorizes deviations from standards
may lead functional or segment teams or projects
provides explanations and information to others on the most complex issues
motivates and inspires other team members
interpret and analyze claims, clinical and membership data in support of healthcare forecasting and utilization analyses
lead projects to completion by contributing to reporting solutions, statistical modeling and financial analytics
create and update automated processes within client databases  
analyze reporting tools utilized by the internal customer groups  


required qualifications:

bachelor's degree or equivalent work experience
3+ years of work experience in a corporate setting
3+ years working in a team environment
proficiency in performing data analytics                                                                      
at least a beginner level proficiency with sql
at least a beginner level of proficiency with ms access
at least an intermediate level of proficiency working with ms excel including formulas, calculations, charts, graphs, etc.  
preferred qualifications:

1+ years of health care experience working with claims data and medical codes                                                                                         
tableau
crystal reporting
microstrategy
oracle databases
careers with unitedhealthcare. let's talk about opportunity. start with a fortune 6 organization that's serving more than 85 million people already and building the industry's singular reputation for bold ideas and impeccable execution. now, add your energy, your passion for excellence, your near-obsession with driving change for the better. get the picture? unitedhealthcare is serving employers and individuals, states and communities, military families and veterans where ever they're found across the globe. we bring them the resources of an industry leader and a commitment to improve their lives that's second to none. this is no small opportunity. it's where you can do your life's best work.(sm)
 
diversity creates a healthier atmosphere: unitedhealth group is an equal employment opportunity/affirmative action employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, protected veteran status, disability status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by law.
unitedhealth group is a drug-free workplace. candidates are required to pass a drug test before beginning employment.




job details




contest number743618
job titlesenior reporting analyst - multiple locations
job familyhealthcare economics
business segmentuhc benefit ops - cands ops



job location information

phoenix, azunited statesnorth america
other locationspittsburgh, paphiladelphia, pa



additional job detail information

employee statusregular
schedulefull-time
job levelindividual contributor
shiftday job
travelno
telecommuter positionno
overtime statusexempt











jobs


 view (0) saved jobs




email this job



email this job to






cancel
send




555-111-2222



 

text this job



text this job to

india
united states
philippines







message and data rates may apply.

cancel
send










similar jobs




cypress, ca
healthcare economics consultant - cypress, ca or telecommute 742561


franklin, tn
concept researcher / analyst - telecommute 741247


franklin, tn
healthcare economic analyst - telecommute 738509




























 





unitedhealth group home
about us
businesses
social responsibility
investors
newsroom
diversity & inclusion





















                choose your country
            



                            north america
                            
united states



                            asia pacific
                            
india
philippines



                            europe middle east and africa
                            
united kingdom
ireland



                            latin america
                            
brazil








            social responsibility & diversity
        











at unitedhealth group, we are committed to a powerful idea - that accessible,
    affordable and quality health care should be available to everyone.

visit the social responsibility website

we embrace and encourage a culture of diversity and inclusion. we know that valuing diversity makes good business sense and helps to ensure our future success.

learn more at our corporate diversity & inclusion web site
 






            fraudulent activity
        









we have received recent reports of fraudulent emails purporting to be sent from unitedhealth group, unitedhealthcare, or optum recruiting personnel. 
 
the fraudulent emails, which do not originate from any of unitedhealth group’s email domains, or those of any of its operating divisions, supposedly ask recipients to contact the sender to start the company’s hiring process by downloading software and/or requesting a fee. 
 
unitedhealth group will never request you download software or pay a fee of any sort to explore employment opportunities with our company.
if you wish to verify the legitimacy of any email purporting to have been sent by or on behalf of unitedhealth group recruiters,  please call 1-800-561-0861 between 7 a.m. and 7 p.m. ct, monday - friday, for assistance. you also may inquire via email to lifesbestwork@uhg.com. 




 


contact us  privacy policy  family & medical leave act  equal employment law poster  pay transparency  employee polygraph protection act  e-verify participation poster  ier right to work poster  report a problem  submit feedback
© 2017 unitedhealth group, all rights reserved.
unitedhealth group is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodations to individuals with physical and mental disabilities. if you need special assistance or accommodation for any part of the application process, or you encounter technical difficulties, please call 1-800-561-0861  between 7 a.m. and 7 p.m. ct, monday - friday, for assistance.
unitedhealth group is a registered service mark of unitedhealth group, inc. the unitedhealth group name with the dimensional logo, as well as the dimensional logo alone, are both service marks for the unitedhealth group, inc.
diversity creates a healthier atmosphere: all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, protected veteran status, disability status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by law.
unitedhealth group is a drug-free workplace. candidates are required to pass a drug test before beginning employment.
get adobe reader  get adobe flash player 

© 2015 unitedhealth group, todos os direitos reservados .
© 2015 unitedhealth group, todos os direitos reservados .





top
















