














career opportunities: analyst - business analytics - houston, tx (35359) 



























javascript is turned off in your web browser. turn it on to take full advantage of this site, then refresh the page.

loading...














skip to main content












career opportunities: analyst - business analytics - houston, tx (35359)




















req id 35359 - posted 11/28/2017 - united states - texas - houston - general management - day job - travel 10% of the time - permanent - full-time



 &nbspjob description print preview









	                  apply
	                 
	         	 
              




                  apply using linkedin™
                 
               
              







	                  save job
	                





	                  email job to friend
	                





                  return to list
                







 



ceva logistics, one of the world’s leading non-asset based supply-chain management companies, designs and implements industry leading solutions for large and medium-size national and multinational companies. approximately 40,000 employees in more than 160 countries are dedicated to delivering effective and robust supply-chain solutions across a variety of sectors where ceva applies its operational expertise to provide best-in-class services across its integrated network. 
 
ceva offers competitive incentive packages, exceptional benefits and an exceptional culture for career building. start your career with ceva and build on our foundations:  unity, growth and excellence.  ceva people are passionate about supply chain management.
job summary:
ceva logistics is currently hiring an analyst - business analytics located in houston, tx. the analyst will join a small team focused on identifying and implementing changes that drive rapid and sustainable earnings improvement. 
 
summary of key accountabilities:

work may span across contract logistics (warehousing) and freight management (domestic and international freight forwarding)
work areas may include any of the following:
	
cost reduction (procurement, labor planning and management, automation, etc.)
price and margin management
service level and process improvement
network footprint and fleet optimization
sales force effectiveness and growth
procurement and negotiations
change management



 
education and experience: 

bachelor’s degree in engineering, logistics, business or related field with a master’s degree preferred
strong undergraduate academic record and 1 – 3 years of related work experience

 
additional skills and experience that contribute to success:

must be pc literate with an advanced proficiency in microsoft office, internet, web-based and job specific software applications such as tableau and access
exceptional analytical and quantitative problem-solving skills with proven ability to turn findings into executable plans
experience applying analytics, observations and interview findings to solve business challenges
proven record of leadership in a work setting and/or through extracurricular activities
ability to work collaboratively in a team environment
ability to work effectively with people at all levels in an organization
ability to communicate complex ideas effectively – both verbally and in writing

ceva operates in a multicultural, global environment and is a richly diverse organization operating seamlessly as one company. we aim to attract, motivate and retain the best people in our industry, whatever their background.  we share the same passion to deliver world-class solutions to our customers. we have the best supply chain professionals in the industry and develop this talent in an inspiring work environment.
 
ceva logistics is proud to be an equal opportunity work place and an affirmative action employer.  all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, veteran status or any other characteristic.  we are an equal opportunity employer of minorities, females, protected veterans, and individual with disabilities.






 









	                  apply
	                 
	           	
              




                  apply using linkedin™
                 
              
              







	                  save job
	                





	                  email job to friend
	                





                  return to list
                






















email this job to a friend





 








 


 



the job has been sent to
          


 



please provide the information below



job title:
        




*your email address:
        




*your friend's email address:
        



message:
        
         maximum character limit: 1000







verification code:
        





*please enter the verification code here:
        














send
            




cancel
            












powered by successfactors










