



job application for software engineer - gemfire at pivotal software
























          apply now
        
software engineer - gemfire

        at pivotal software
      

        beaverton, oregon
      



pivotal’s story video  
as a recognized leader in disciplined agile and lean software development practices, pivotal combines the silicon valley state of mind, modern approach, and infrastructure with organizations’ core expertise and values. our cloud-native platform and suite of data tools drive software innovation for many of the world’s most admired brands, helping enterprises move at start-up speeds and with greater business agility. we optimize for change and teach next-generation developers to create and build new solutions, and are committed to open source and open standards.our methodology is about evolving, in both development and innovation, and our culture is empowering. our 2,000+ employees across offices worldwide subscribe to an ethos of kindness. we make a point to bring empathy to each and every project, and are guided by a purposeful mission—to transform how the world builds software.
pivotal is looking for a few great engineers to join our gemfire/apache geode engineering team. apache geode (currently in incubation) is a distributed, in-memory, and transactional datastore designed to provide very high throughput with predictable latency. gemfire is built on apache geode and is deployed throughout the world by demanding customers serving mission-critical applications in financial, telecommunications, retail, and transportation industries.
you
you have a passion for large distributed systems to manage data on a massive scale. you love building highly concurrent systems that are also fault tolerant and extremely reliable. you follow current trends in topics such as stream processing and in-memory computing. you’d really like to believe there’s a way to defy the cap theorem and get consistency, availability, and partition tolerance all in the same system (even if no one else has managed to do that yet). above all, you love shipping software as a member of a collaborative team.
us
pivotal data tackles the technical challenges that come with massively parallel distributed systems operating on petabytes of data across thousands of nodes. we delve into areas like query optimization, high-performance in-memory transaction and query processing, parallel and distributed execution of advanced data processing algorithms, resource management, and storage. on this team, you'll be working on hard, worthwhile problems with a collaborative team, accelerating your growth as an engineer.
your day
gemfire engineering is located in our light-filled spacious office in beaverton, or.
to make sure you start your day energized, we provide a delicious breakfast every weekday morning, and unlimited snacks/drinks are available all day. after breakfast, the office has a daily standup as part of our agile methodology. you will then spend much of your day pair programming in a test-driven-development method. the work culture is highly collaborative. you will have an hour lunch each day, and you'll find that we do a great job of keeping a sustainable workweek, where people leave promptly at the end of the day; we don't work long hours. our collaborative, open-plan office space is filled with talented, like-minded engineers who enjoy taking advantage of our weekly tech talks, yoga classes, playing ping pong, board games and hanging out with their co-workers. 

desired skills / experience




bs or ms in computer science or equivalent, with coursework or experience in distributed systems.


keen understanding of state-of-the-art techniques and trends in data management, high-scale network applications, and distributed algorithms.


strong java or c++, particularly in concurrent programming techniques.


track record of contributing to open source projects and engaging in developer communities.


experience with api development strongly desired.


ability to master new technology and application domains (e.g. financial, scientific, and industrial).


excellent communication and collaboration skills.


***please answer application questions if they are not included in your cover letter****
pivotal is an equal employment opportunity employer that will consider all qualified applicants, regardless of race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, marital status, gender identity or expression, national origin, genetics, age, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by applicable law. 









apply for this job

* required
        







first name *



last name *



email *



phone *




              location (city)
                *




resume/cv *


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 














cover letter


    drop files here
  

  
    





attach
dropbox
google drive
paste
 

















github
    





linkedin profile
    





other websites
    





what is it about pivotal-data engineering that you find interesting or compelling?  *

(if you answered this via a cover letter, feel free to leave blank.)






why do you feel you would be a good fit for this role? *

(if you answered this via a cover letter, feel free to leave blank.)






is there anything else you'd like us to know about you? *

(if you answered this via a cover letter, feel free to leave blank.)






are you legally authorized to work in the country in which you are applying? *



--
yes
no


have you ever applied to pivotal before?  *






where did you learn about this pivotal position? *



please selectlinkedin job post
stack overflow job post
i was referred
pivotal career site




u.s. equal opportunity employment information (completion is voluntary)


  individuals seeking employment at pivotal software are considered without regards
  to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical
  or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation. you are
  being given the opportunity to provide the following information in order to help us
  comply with federal and state equal employment opportunity/affirmative action record
  keeping, reporting, and other legal requirements.


  completion of the form is entirely voluntary. whatever your decision,
  it will not be considered in the hiring process or thereafter. any information that you
  do provide will be recorded and maintained in a confidential file.


gender
please selectmale
female
decline to self identify


are you hispanic/latino?
please selectyes
no
decline to self identify


please identify your race
please selectamerican indian or alaskan native
asian
black or african american
hispanic or latino
white
native hawaiian or other pacific islander
two or more races
decline to self identify


      race & ethnicity definitions


  if you believe you belong to any of the categories of protected veterans listed below,
  please indicate by making the appropriate selection.  as a government contractor
  subject to vietnam era veterans readjustment assistance act (vevraa), we request this
  information in order to measure the effectiveness of the outreach and positive
  recruitment efforts we undertake pursuant to vevraa. classification of protected
  categories is as follows:


  a "disabled veteran" is one of the following: a veteran of the u.s. military, ground,
  naval or air service who is entitled to compensation (or who but for the receipt of
  military retired pay would be entitled to compensation) under laws administered by the
  secretary of veterans affairs; or a person who was discharged or released from active
  duty because of a service-connected disability.


  a "recently separated veteran" means any veteran during the three-year period beginning
  on the date of such veteran's discharge or release from active duty in the u.s.
  military, ground, naval, or air service.


  an "active duty wartime or campaign badge veteran" means a veteran who served on active
  duty in the u.s. military, ground, naval or air service during a war, or in a campaign
  or expedition for which a campaign badge has been authorized under the laws
  administered by the department of defense.


  an "armed forces service medal veteran" means a veteran who, while serving on active
  duty in the u.s. military, ground, naval or air service, participated in a united
  states military operation for which an armed forces service medal was awarded pursuant
  to executive order 12985.


veteran status
please selecti am not a protected veteran
i identify as one or more of the classifications of a protected veteran
i don't wish to answer



form cc-305
omb control number 1250-0005
expires 1/31/2020

voluntary self-identification of disability
why are you being asked to complete this form?

  because we do business with the government, we must reach out to, hire, and provide
  equal opportunity to qualified people with disabilities1.  to help us
  measure how well we are doing, we are asking you to tell us if you have a disability or
  if you ever had a disability.  completing this form is voluntary, but we hope that you
  will choose to fill it out.  if you are applying for a job, any answer you give will be
  kept private and will not be used against you in any way.


  if you already work for us, your answer will not be used against you in any way.
  because a person may become disabled at any time, we are required to ask all of our
  employees to update their information every five years.  you may voluntarily
  self-identify as having a disability on this form without fear of any punishment
  because you did not identify as having a disability earlier.

how do i know if i have a disability?

  you are considered to have a disability if you have a physical or mental impairment or
  medical condition that substantially limits a major life activity, or if you have a
  history or record of such an impairment or medical condition.

disabilities include, but are not limited to:

blindness
deafness
cancer
diabetes
epilepsy
autism
cerebral palsy
hiv/aids
schizophrenia
muscular dystrophy
bipolar disorder
major depression
multiple sclerosis (ms)
missing limbs or partially missing limbs
post-traumatic stress disorder (ptsd)
obsessive compulsive disorder
impairments requiring the use of a wheelchair
intellectual disability (previously called mental retardation)


disability status
please selectyes, i have a disability (or previously had a disability)
no, i don't have a disability
i don't wish to answer

reasonable accommodation notice

  federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified
  individuals with disabilities. please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation
  to apply for a job or to perform your job.  examples of reasonable accommodation
  include making a change to the application process or work procedures, providing
  documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using
  specialized equipment.


1section 503 of the rehabilitation act of 1973, as amended.  for more
  information about this form or the equal employment obligations of federal contractors,
  visit the u.s. department of labor's office of federal contract compliance programs
  (ofccp) website at www.dol.gov/ofccp.


  public burden statement:  according to the paperwork reduction act of 1995 no persons
  are required to respond to a collection of information unless such collection displays
  a valid omb control number. this survey should take about 5 minutes to complete.








 



share this job:    













powered by 

 
      read our privacy policy
















