






deltek talent management -
						    js job details
					




































 this site attempts to protect users against 
	cross-site request forgeries  attacks. in order to do so, you must have javascript enabled in your web browser otherwise this site will fail to work correctly for you.
	 see details of your web browser for how to enable javascript.















































				                                        investors
			                                        






				                                        locations
			                                        






				                                        contact us
			                                        




menu 


 


 









































home

products/services 















ansi metal-clad switchgear


powlvac switchgear


powlvac-ar arc resistant switchgear


power/vac switchgear


ansi metal-enclosed switchgear


low voltage switchgear


low voltage arc resistant


dc switchgear


interrupter - load break switch


isolation switches


nema motor control


low voltage mcc


medium voltage  mcc


arc resistant medium voltage mcc


iec switchgear/controlgear


low voltage - type 439


medium voltage - type 298


























bus duct


isolated phase


non-segregated phase


segregated phase


cable bus


dc bus


circuit breakers


ansi 5kv-38kv


breaker modification 5kv-38kv


dc 600vdc-1600vdc


iec 3.3kv-15kv


replacement 5kv-38kv


replacement dc


accessories


switches


padmount


subsurface/vault


source transfer


vacuum fault interrupter


























integrated packaged solutions


power control room (pcr)


pcr-r (ehouse)


custom engineered modules


traction power substations


mobile solutions


shelterform


control and monitoring


powlsmart systems


intelligent devices and applications


britespot thermal monitoring


sentry


high resistance grounding


























product delivery services


project management


equipment installation/commissioning


electrical and instrumentation construction


power system studies


training


maintenance, modification and repair services


equipment modification


electrical and instrumentation maintenance


repair-replacement-refurbishment (rrr)


valve servicing and solutions


spare parts
















markets

our company 















about us

powell was founded in 1947 as a metal-working shop to support the local houston, texas petrochemical facilities, while we began small, the company has grown over the past six decades to become the strategic supplier of choice   ...read more



























supply chain

powell considers our supply base as a direct extension of our company – one which projects our core values of customer first, respect for employees, a "can-do" attitude and a commitment to improve.  through collaboration   ...read more



























health, safety, environment & security

among our highest priorities, powell has a strong commitment to the protection of people, the environment and company resources while providing our customized and engineered   ...read more



























our work environment

powell is committed to safety in the workplace, but that commitment goes beyond the workplace.  we are focused on each employee's health and welfare — on and off the job — because our employees' overall health can impact performance, as well as   ...read more

















careers













































home






products/services






markets






our company





careers






contact us






locations






investors


















attention safari users: this site requires cookies to function. please click here to accept the cookie. cookies will be used strictly for the functioning of the site.






 




jump to









toggle navigation









 job search


 view all jobs




 login


 help 

instructions on this page
help on this page
















 


job details




senior data warehouse analyst - (us.3930.1)
×close this details all the information about the job posting.     














share this job as a link in your status update to linkedin.











														
																	job title
																
															

								senior data warehouse analyst
															



														
																	requisition #
																
															

								us.3930.1
															



														
																	location
																
															

								houston, tx 77061 us (primary)




														
																	category
																
															

								information technology
															



														
																	job type
																
															

								fulltime-regular
															



														
																	shift type
																
															

								1st
															



														
																	job description
																
															

about the company
at powell, we are a customer-focused company that respects and listens to our clients. it is this attitude that shapes our relationships and allows us to provide world-class system solutions. understanding the customer and cultivating that connection at all levels of our organization is of primary importance.
 
about the opportunity
we are currently seeking a new senior business systems analyst to join our it applications team. this is a challenging and dynamic role that through hard work and devotion, to both fellow employees and the company overall, can allow one to achieve a long term successful and rewarding career at powell.
consider applying here, if you want to:   
work in an innovative and dynamic environment with a chance to make a real impact   
develop lasting relationships with great people in all aspects of the entire organization
have the opportunity to build a long term and satisfying career
 
the essential keys for success in this role are to:
maintain a great team attitude
demonstrate passion for your work
have the willingness to learn
 
about the job
senior data warehouse analyst - oracle bi applications
as part of the it applications team, this position will be responsible for acting in a data engineer / data scientist based capacity by implementing, maintaining, and supporting oracle obiee applications and associated modules such as oracle bi presentation services, oracle bi server, and oracle data warehouse.  this position will be responsible for the following:
 
analysis and solution definition:
reviews and analyzes on-going customer requests (for new data elements to be brought into the existing model, for customizations or cross-walking of existing data elements, for computation of new fields based on customer-provided business logic, combinations of existing data elements, etc.)
collaborates with ongoing effort to enhance data validation, data analysis & transformation methodology, performance tuning and information distribution for the data warehouse.
responsible for data warehousing, data modeling and odi etl development and deployment.
defines and develops physical and logical data models to support departmental and functional reporting needs.
provides obiee reports and/or dashboard development or the ability to translate reporting requirements to report developers for implementation.
helps to create and implement a long term storage and business continuity strategy including backup & recovery and data storage and archiving.
designs, sets up and maintains both production and non-production environments.
develops reporting standards and best practices to ensure data standardization and consistency.
 
project execution, delivery and support:
creates project plans and ensures on time delivery of all major milestones and activities by identifying risks and issues in a timely manner that allows for any appropriate project adjustments.
develops mappings/interfaces, packages, procedures and scheduled jobs.
responsible for front-end development, metadata and etl specification to support business requirements for reporting across the organization.
consistently provides high-quality project deliverables and makes recommendations on it functional project standards and methodologies.
supports the development of training materials for the business users and if needed, assists in the delivery of training content.
assists and ensures business end users are able to trouble-shoot and identify root cause(s) of system errors.
properly identifies, tracks, reports, and resolves issues in a timely manner.
 
scope/accountability:
provides production support for many modules and/or business systems within their business area they support.
responsible for coordinating and monitoring the utilization of resources allocated to assigned tasks and it project related deliverables.
responsible for the on time and quality of their assigned tasks and activities through the it project lifecycle.
 
decision making, discretion & latitude:
ability to handle multiple complex tasks within a defined scope, timeline, and resource budget.
requires excellent organizational and leadership skills and the ability to prioritize assigned tasks.
requires the ability to build strong working relationships.





														
																	job requirements
																
															

experience:
bachelor degree or equivalent combination of education and experience
minimum 7 years of functional experience with oracle obiee 10g, 11g and/or 12c releases
expert working knowledge of oracle presentation services such as bi answers, bi dashboards, bi delivers, bi publisher and related functionality 
expert working knowledge of oracle bi server functionality such as logical to physical abstraction, calculations & metrics definition, dynamic sql, etc.
expert working knowledge of oracle bi data warehouse functionality such as etl's, staging and loading processes, fact tables, dimensions, aggregates, etc.
experience with reporting on oracle ebs r12, oracle primavera p6 eppm and oracle agile business applications
experience and understanding of oracle sql, pl/sql related programming languages
experience with systems analysis, design and development concepts and best practices
 
knowledge and skills:
proactive in delivering value based results from analysis through the various phases of the it software development lifecycle
ability to successfully engage in multiple it initiatives simultaneously
understands the concepts and methodologies associated with the areas of it software development lifecycle
supporting it operational and key controls and supporting systems
possesses knowledge of existing and emerging industry practices related to their functional area
excellent organizational, communication & documentation skills with high attention to detail
ability to interact well with all levels within the organization
excellent problem solving/analytical skills with a high level of accuracy
ability to work flexible hours as needed to complete projects
proven track record implementing and supporting corporate customers in manufacturing environments





														
																	if you are a qualified individual with a disability, you have the right to request a reasonable accommodation if you are unable or limited in your ability to use the careers site as a result of your disability. to request an accommodation, send an email  to eoemployment@powellind.com or call 713-378-2685 and let us know the nature of your request and provide your contact information.
																
															





														
																	please do not direct any other general employment related questions to this email and/or phone number. only inquiries concerning a request for reasonable accommodation will be responded to from this e-mail address and/or phone number.
																
															





														
																	an equal opportunity employer/vet/disability
																
															





 







 
 apply to this job


 















 top of page


						v14.3.5.1 | copyright © 2017 all rights reserved. 
													| deltek talent management
											























switchgear solutions






integrated solutions






control and monitoring solutions












terms of use
|
privacy policy










© copyright 
                    . powell industries. all rights reserved.
                    



© copyright . powell industries. all rights reserved.
terms of use | privacy policy




let's connect:



















      














