





career opportunities








business intelligence analyst i


location:
legacy - caroline


requisition number:
1864


position status:
full time - regular


flsa status:
exempt



description
legacy community health is a premium, federally qualified health center (fqhc) that provides comprehensive care to community members regardless of their ability to pay. our goal is to treat the entire patient while improving their overall wellness and quality of life, in addition to providing free pregnancy tests, hiv/aids screening. at legacy, we empower patients to lead better lives by promoting healthy behaviors and offering resources such as literacy classes, family planning services, and nutrition and weight management information. 
our roots began in 1981 as the montrose clinic, with specialization in hiv education, testing, and treatment. since then, the agency has expanded to 10 clinics in houston, one in baytown, two in beaumont, and one in deer park with extensive services that include: adult primary care, hiv/aids care, pediatrics, ob/gyn and maternity, dental, vision and behavioral health. we also service students within kipp and yes prep schools. legacy is committed to driving healthy change in our communities.
 
business intelligence analyst i
 
general description
as an integral member of the business intelligence (bi) team, the bi reporting analyst i is responsible for design, implementation and support of mission-critical enterprise bi reports. working with cross-functional teams, the bi reporting analyst i will participate in gathering and documenting reporting requirements to meet business needs.  the bi reporting analyst i will be responsible for designing, developing, testing and implementing reports that utilize the underlying data stores.

essential functions
participate in business analysis activities to gather and document analytical requirements
implement required reports and dashboards, created from potentially multiple data sources
transition developed reports and dashboards to the business users
provide support as required to ensure the availability and performance of developed reports and dashboards for both external and internal users
ensure proper configuration management and change controls are implemented for your sphere of influence
provide technical assistance and cross training to other team members
provide training and assistance to users for generation of ad hoc reports
design and implement technology best practices, guidelines and repeatable processes
must be able to perform duties with moderate to low supervision
must have strong written and verbal communication skills

education & training requirements
bachelor’s degree in computer science, software engineering or similar analytical discipline
previous experience in healthcare is strongly desired.
 
work experience requirements
3+ years’ experience in information technology.
experience in design and delivery of analytical solutions including reports, dashboards and self-service analytics.
experience using analytical tools like crystal reports, tableau, qlikview, sas and sql server reporting services.
knowledge of the principles, practices, and techniques used in analytical solution design and development.
good understanding of sql programming and the ability to write sql statements.



















are you a returning applicant?












previous applicants:


email:





password:





if you do not remember your password click here.




back to search results


new search







