



        data analyst










                we use cookies to provide a better user experience. by continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies.
                ok














german
|
english




92 open jobs











register / login






                        you disabled javascript in your web browser. the job portal will not work as expected without javascript, please enable javascript and cookies.
                    






apply
            
data analyst
proficient pipeline diagnostics
            



rosen is a leading privately owned company that was established as a one-man business in 1981. over
the last 35 years, rosen has grown rapidly and is today a worldwide technology group that operates in
more than 120 countries with over 3,000 employees.
rosen is an extended team of people with a passion for technology and innovation.
our claim “empowered by technology” is the key to our sophisticated and highly innovative products and
services to the oil and gas and other engineering industries. the focus of all our research efforts and high
tech solutions is on a safe operation of assets and therefore provide protection for both people and the
environment.

description
rosen usa, based in houston, tx seeks to employ an in-line inspection (ili) data analyst.


responsibilities:

through the performance of daily tasks, and in cooperation with other department process functions, execute all aspects of the l1 data analysis process per rosen policies and procedures.
receive pipeline in-line inspection data from rosen sub-processes, check for quality and quantity using rosen proprietary software, procedures, and specifications.
perform basic data processing and compile line information file.
analyze and interpret in-line inspection signal data to identify both references and anomalies.
perform in-line inspection data correlation.

requirements

a two - year degree in a technical discipline or equivalent work experience in a related area is preferred. a minimum high school education or ged is required.
satisfactory completion of the required training and experience as required by ansi/asnt ili-pq-2005 per applicable technology.
intermediate microsoft office skills, particularly microsoft word and excel.
excellent interpersonal skills – ability to work well within a team environment.
excellent troubleshooting skills.
strong communication skills – both written and verbal.
strong analytical and interpretive skills.
detail oriented/organizational skills required.
ability to grasp new concepts quickly and easily.

we offer
local houston area applicants only, relocation and/or sponsorship not available.


rosen usa offers an exceptional working environment, salary commensurate with experience and incredible benefits package.


        if you are interested in this position, please apply online. 
		we will keep you informed about the ongoing recruiting process.
        apply
        




back to all jobs












        your feedback is important to us! we are constantly improving our job portal to meet your needs. therefore, we appreciate your feedback.


your feedback: 






you may leave your e-mail address so we can drop you a timely reply: 






        thank you for your feedback! we have received your message.





