





head of analytics
































































            head of analytics        









 return to job opportunitiesjob descriptionlevel managementjob location houston office - houston, txposition type full timeeducation level 4 year degreetravel percentage up to 25%summary and responsibilities job summary
mmi agency is looking for a proactive, passionate and highly driven head of analytics to join our dynamic and growing conversation agency. ideal candidates will be detailed oriented, process driven and take complete ownership of their tasks. they will have proven successes with their ability to develop and analyze business data. the head of analytics is expected to work closely with clients on a day to day basis and be able to skillfully present data and reports directly to clients.
this position will also work closely with all internal teams; accounts, pmo, media, and social to ensure that mmi is creating the best reports and insights for all of our clients. the candidate requires strong organizational and time management skills as they will be working in a fast-paced environment. they must be strategic but also hands-on, diplomatic yet inspirational, and poised under pressure.
 
responsibilities:
provide data & analytics expertise utilizing data management, technology and modeling to address client business issues
analyze data and generate visualizations and insights for use in client presentations
utilize client and syndicated data sources, technical and analytical tools to retrieve, manage and analyze various kinds of data
build forecasts and budgets based on historical data
develop best practices for the insights department and lead a small team of analysts
manage and mentor analysts on projects to ensure excellence and professional development
stay plugged into emerging technologies/ industry trends and apply them to operations and activities
all other responsibilities as assigned
requirements requirements:
7+years of experience in analytics with an agency
bachelor’s degree. an mba, ms degree in analytics, statistics, economics or applied math is preferred
strong analytical skills; ability to analyze raw data, draw conclusions, and develop actionable recommendations
fluency in sas, spss, r or any other advanced analytics software package
strong skills in sql and proven experience working with several of the major databases platforms (sqlserver, oracle, db@, mysql, sybase, or postgres)
understanding of digital/media/marketing data sources and metrics preferred: digital (e.g. web, social, display, search etc.); media (e.g. buying models, cpu, impressions, grp); measurement analytics, quantitative business measures (adstock, roi, churn, etc.); statistics (correlations, sample sizing, etc.)
experience using data visualization tools such as spotfire and tableau
ability to manage, mentor and grow a team
 return to job opportunities 




first time user?
create account



returning user? please sign in!


sign in

forgot password?

 





 



 



 



 









 








