



systems data analyst















































honeywell careers





chinese (simplified)
czech (czech republic)
dutch (the netherlands)
english (us)
french (canada)
french (france)
german (germany)
portuguese (brazil)
spanish (spain)
create a profile|log in







 











yes
no


















show details













apply now

terms of use





                    refer job:
                        









 add to saved jobs






back




systems data analyst
join a team recognized for leadership, innovation and diversity

join a company that is transforming from a traditional industrial company to a contemporary digital industrial business, harnessing the power of cloud, big data, analytics, internet of things, and design thinking. you will turn data into information, information in to insight, and insight into business decisions. you will conduct full lifecycle analysis to include requirements, activities and design. you will work with management to prioritize business and information needs and acquire data from primary or secondary data sources and maintain databases/data systems.develop excellent analysis and reporting capabilitiesdive in and interpret data, analyze results and provide ongoing reports.be a change agent by locating and defining new process improvement opportunities




20
data mining


20
interpreting data


20
identifying trends


20
provide reports


20
cross team collaboration



you must have•	bachelor's degree in mathematics, economics, computer science, information management or a closely related field.we value•	proven work experience as a data analyst.•	technical expertise regarding data models, database design development, data mining and segmentation techniques•	effectively demonstrates ability to deliver on complex situations or problems without guidance or supervision•	strong knowledge and experience with microsoft excel, databases (sql, etc.), programming (xml, javascript, etc.).•	knowledge of statistics and experience using statistical packages for analyzing datasets.•	strong analytical skills with the ability to collect, organize, analyze and disseminate significant amounts of information with attention to detail and accuracy.•	adept at queries, report writing and presenting findings.•	experience working with remote and global teams.•	convey specific, observable and/or measureable expectations for each assignment, and verify understanding and agreement on deliverables and timeframes•	consistently makes timely decisions, even in the fact of complexity. balancing systematic analysis with decisiveness.



exempt

how honeywell is connecting the world
includes

continued professional development



additional information
job id: hrd12892 category: integrated supply chain location: 1250 w sam houston pkwy s, houston, tx 77042 usa 
honeywell is an equal opportunity employer. qualified applicants will be considered without regard to age, race, creed, color, national origin, ancestry, marital status, affectional or sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability, nationality, sex, or veteran status.







send to a friend










  
                                    please wait...






email this job ad to your friend(s) by adding their email address(es) along with your details to the field below:   *separate each recipient email address with a comma.

recipient email address(es):
                                            
                         
                

your first name:
 
                                                                                    
                

your last name:
                                              
                          
                
select which language the email should be sent in.

language:

chinese (simplified)
czech (czech republic)
dutch (the netherlands)
english (us)
french (canada)
french (france)
german (germany)
portuguese (brazil)
spanish (spain)





send


















 










						this job opening is already listed as one of your interests. you cannot add the same job opening to your list of interests more than one time.

to see your list of interests, navigate to the application status tab within my profile
					

























account warning













log in
cancel
ok


















honeywell is an equal opportunity employer. qualified applicants will be considered without regard to age, race, creed, color, national origin, ancestry, marital status, affectional or sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability, nationality, sex, religion, or veteran status.
for more information on applicable equal employment regulations, refer to the  eeo is the law poster . 
please refer to the eeo is the law supplement poster & the pay transparency policy.
if a disability prevents you from applying for a job through our website, request assistance here. no other requests will be acknowledged.
terms & conditions | privacy statement
© 2017 honeywell international inc.









