


kelsey-seybold clinic | careers |healthcare information & data analyst i














































please enable cookies to continue
please enable cookies in your browser to experience all the personalized features of this site, including the ability to apply for a job.







welcome page







returning candidate?

log back in!












healthcare information & data analyst i


location

us-tx-pearland

posted date

1 month ago



job id

2017-18415


category

other - information technology









overview






healthcare information & data analyst ilocation: pearland administrative office job type: full-timedepartment: healthcare finance company profilekelsey-seybold clinic. your doctors for life.since 1949, kelsey-seybold clinic has served its patients with one goal in mind – combine the expertise of physicians in a variety of medical specialties, with the close personal care of a family doctor. kelsey-seybold is houston’s largest community-based physician group, caring for more than 400,000 patients. with 19 clinic locations, we are growing to meet the health care needs of our diverse patient population. our mission is to provide our team members with exceptional opportunities for professional and personal growth.​​ job summarythis analyst will serve as the primary resource for providing reporting, support, and analysis to the central business office (cbo), which is responsible for billing and collections of insurance and self-pay accounts for 300+ physicians and two ambulatory surgery centers in the greater houston area. in addition to supporting the cbo, the analyst will be responsible for the verification and analysis of the clinic’s fee-for-service contracts to ensure correct and adequate reimbursement by insurers. the analyst in this position will develop a thorough understanding of the revenue cycle (insurance verification, charge and claim creation, payment posting, insurance follow-up, and refunds) and the related systems used within the organization. the position requires development of an in-depth knowledge of epic resolute professional billing and the associated clarity sql reporting warehouses. daily activities will require heavy use of excel, including advanced formulas, pivot tables, power pivot, and visual basic and/or macros, writing and editing sql queries via sql server management studio (ssms), and basic knowledge of access and crystal reports to maintain and troubleshoot existing processes. technical skills can be acquired on the job. education requirements & experience requirements(a = basics; b = preferred) education                       a.  bachelor’s degree in finance, economics, mathematics, healthcare administration, or related field; or associate’s degree with equivalent work experience                                      experience                     a. 0-3 years of experience in data analysis, decision support, medical economics, healthcare informatics, or managed healthcare or equivalent combination of education and experience to demonstrate ability to succeed in healthcare analytics     demonstrated initiative and problem solving skills b.  demonstrated ability to analyze and report on   business units, products or service lines       experience in the healthcare industry with understanding of data in healthcare organizations (including claims data, icd10, medicare advantage, health insurance marketplace, capitated payment models)      demonstrated analytical/modeling skills with ability to convert raw data into actionable business insights  special skills    a.   proficient in microsoft excel       basic knowledge of microsoft power point and microsoft word b. experience writing, debugging and documenting complex queries against relational databases      experience with sql or other programming tools (including visual basic and excel macros)      experience with statistical software (including sas, r, minitab, spss)     familiarity with epic and clarity reporting data warehouse     knowledge of crystal reports, microsoft access, or ssrs other a. fluent in english both verbal and written, effective communicator     high level of accuracy with excellent attention to detail      strong organizational and time management skills     proven ability to work in a dynamic setting and balance multiple priorities while meeting deadlines  b.  ability to communicate complex information in a clear and concise manner working environmentoffice 





options

apply for this job onlineapplysharerefer this job to a friendrefer


sorry the share function is not working properly at this moment. please refresh the page and try again later.

share on your newsfeed




if you elect to apply online, you will choose a login id, select a password and be asked to complete a brief profile and create your resume.apply for this job by completing the online form

application faqssoftware powered by icimswww.icims.com









